Moco
Remember me
Forgot User Name?
Forgot Password?
You must enable JavaScript in your broswer to use Moco!
Privacy Policy
Updated as of May 9, 2023
MocoSpace, the Moco app, mocospace.com ("MocoSpace", "Moco", the "Service") is a mobile and online social networking service, which is owned and operated by JNJ Mobile, Inc. ("MocoSpace", "Moco", "we" or "us").
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our practices, or your dealings with the Service, please contact us at: support@corp.mocospace.com, write to JNJ Mobile Inc., 6 Liberty Sq PMB 96493, Boston MA 02109, call 1-877-323-4815 or
contact us here
.
By downloading or using Moco you agree to this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Service
.
When you create a profile on Moco, your information will be visible to other Moco users.
If you are under the age of 18, you may not download or use Moco. We do not knowingly collect or maintain information on anyone under the age of 18.
I. What This Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy describes how Moco and our other mobile applications, websites and products collect, store, use, and share your information. It also describes how you can control and protect your privacy on our Service.
This Privacy Policy does
not
apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, such as companies that advertise on our Service. For example, companies that advertise on our Service may tag your device or computer with cookies or beacons. Our partners may place or recognize a cookie on your computer, device, or directly in our emails/communications. We do not control these third party cookies and beacons and their privacy policies may differ from ours.
II. Controlling and Protecting Your Privacy
1.
Personal Safety.
After getting to know someone online, you may choose to meet him or her in-person. If so, be careful and use common sense. Never meet someone in private for the first time; choose a public place, and take a friend. For more information about staying safe, please visit
Wiredsafety.org
, a public service website.
2.
Privacy and Do Not Sell My Personal Information Settings.
You can change your
Privacy and Do Not Sell My Information settings
at any time. You should review these settings regularly.
3.
Deleting Your Account.
You can edit or delete information that you upload to Moco and you can delete your account at any time. When you delete your account all of your information will be promptly removed from our servers.
4.
Deleting Your Information and Content.
You can request us to delete your posted information and content. To do so, send an email to support@corp.mocospace.com from the email address associated with your account or
contact us here
, requesting deletion.
5.
Location Information.
In addition to other information described in this policy, we may collect and share location information with select advertising networks and partners, which helps cover the costs of developing and maintaining this app and related services thereof. This information may be used by itself, aggregated, or combined with mobile identifiers, and may be shared with other parties, for purposes related to advertising, attribution (e.g., measuring ad performance), analytics and research. We will never disclose your exact location to other members. Location is collected when the app is in use.
You can withdraw your consent to having your location data collected by changing the settings on your device (note that certain services may lose functionality as a result). You can also activate your
device's opt-out settings
which will: (i) tell advertisers to not use your in-app information from that device for purposes of collecting and serving interest-based advertising and (ii) halt further data collection and sharing from that device.
6.
Password.
Store your password in a safe place, and do not share it with anyone. If you think someone has your password, you should change it immediately.
7.
Posting Information.
Posting personal information on public areas of Moco will make it publicly available. The information you post or share with others may in turn be shared by them with still other users and it may also show up when someone uses a public search engine (even if that person is not a Moco user).
Do not post information in public areas of Moco that you want to keep private.
8.
Ephemeral Photos.
An ephemeral photo is one that disappears after the recipient looks at it. Our practice is to delete such photos once they are viewed, and after three days if they are not viewed. We cannot guarantee, however, that we will successfully delete every photo, or do so within a particular time frame. Also the recipient can preserve a photo before it disappears by taking a screen shot, for example. Don't share an ephemeral photo unless you are comfortable that it may be saved and shared by the recipient.
9.
Third Parties.
We are not responsible for (and don't have any control over) the privacy policies of third party websites, apps and ad servers. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and app you visit.
9.1. YouTube. By viewing and/or using the YouTube video functionality available on the Moco Properties you agree to be bound by the
YouTube Terms of Service
and the
Google Privacy Policy
.
10.
Opting Out of Receiving Cookies.
You may set your browser to block some or all
cookies
. However, Moco might not fully function if you disable cookies. If you use multiple devices, browsers or computers, you will need to opt out of receiving cookies on each one. Also, if you change devices or computers you will need to repeat this opt-out process. You may also be able to opt-out of receiving cookies from
some advertisers
.
11.
Limit Mobile Ad Tracking.
You may set your mobile device to limit ad tracking, in which case we will not be able to see your AdID or IDFA. However, we will still share other personal information to our advertising partners as described in this Privacy Policy.
12.
Do Not Track Signals.
Some Internet browsers and mobile devices include the option to transmit "Do Not Track" or "Limit Ad Tracking quot; signals, but there are no uniform standards for this. If we detect these signals we will not share your personal account data, including device identifiers, IP address and location, with our 3rd party advertising, analytics and other partners, which they may use to personalize advertising or other content you see.
III. Information We Collect
We collect different types of personal information about you and your activities. We collect personal information when you register, log into, and use our Service, including the features you use, the pages and screens you visit, and the information you enter, such as chats or demographic information that you share in your profile on our Service. The specific examples in the following bullets are not meant to be exhaustive.
Email Address And Phone Number.
We may require a valid email address and/or phone number to register for our Service. These will be stored in our servers while you have an account with any of our Services. We may use these to contact you, but you may opt out of email and/or text messaging contact by following the Unsubscribe instructions sent in these messages.
Profile Information You Provide.
We collect the personal information that you provide to create your profile on our Service, including any metadata (such as location where a photo you upload was taken).
Automatically Collected Device Information.
We receive and record information from your device or browser, including your mobile device identification (AdID (Google), IDFA (Apple), device ID, etc.), IP address, cookie and beacon information, and geographic location. We collect information from and about the computers, phones, and other web-connected devices you use that integrate with our Services, and we combine this information across different devices you use. Unless you have disabled location collection at the device level, we will continue to collect location information even if you have opted out of sharing location information on your profile.
Activity and Usage Information Including Your Content.
We collect information about the features you use, the pages and screens you visit, and your transactions with us and with our partners and vendors, including information about your use of products or features offered through our Service. We and certain third-party partners may access your private chats and postings in order to improve your experience on our Service, for content moderation, for safety and legal process purposes.
Third Party Platform Registration (such as Facebook, Apple App Store or Google Play Store).
When you download or register for our Service by or through a third party platform we may also access and/or collect certain information from your third party platform account or by cookies placed on your device by such third party site. For example, if you create your account on our Service using Facebook, we may use the following information from Facebook to establish your account: your email address, hometown, gender, profile photo, date of birth, friends list and userID. In addition, in the course of providing our Service on third party platforms, such as the Apple App Store or the Google Play Store, the platforms may collect information about you or receive information from us in order for that platform to provide and analyze their services. Please note that these platforms are developed and administered by people or companies not affiliated with us or any of our Services and that we are not responsible for the actions of those people or companies. You should carefully review the terms of service and privacy policies of the platforms that you use to access our Service.
Advertisers.
Advertising revenue helps us to support and improve our Services. Third party advertising companies may collect information using cookies, AdID, IDFA and other sources. Advertisers may use these and other sources in connection with our Service in order to collect and use data regarding advertisement performance and your interests for the purpose of delivering relevant advertising.
We may also collect information about you from other sources, such as other services and other users of our Service.
IV. How We Use and Disclose the Information We Collect
We process personal information: (i) to execute transactions that you request, (ii) when you provide your explicit consent, (iii) for our legitimate business interests such as maintaining our books and records, securing and protecting the integrity of our Service, and for Service development; and (iv) to meet applicable legal requirements.
Specifically, we use and disclose your information in the following ways:
To customize your experience
on our Service, including suggestions about features you may enjoy or people you may want to meet.
To provide customer service
in response to questions or concerns you may bring to our attention.
For marketing purposes.
We share information with companies we do not own, including information collected from cookies, such as your location, IP address, AdID or IDFA and certain demographic information, in order to allow our marketing partners to optimize our ad campaigns.
For advertising purposes.
We share information with companies we do not own, including information collected from cookies and across the devices used to access the Service, such as your location, IP address, AdID or IDFA and certain demographic information (such as age, gender, parental status, relationship status, religion, education, and ethnicity), in order to allow these companies to deliver relevant ads.
For research.
To conduct research, including the numbers and types of visitors, and analyze traffic on our Service. We share some user data with companies we do not own to conduct this research.
For development and testing.
To develop and test new products and features, and improve our current ones, including by conducting surveys of our users, which might be conducted with or by companies we do not own.
Bug fixes and product improvement.
To find and fix technology problems. We send data to companies we do not own in order to analyze bugs in our websites and apps so that we can keep them running smoothly.
Policy enforcement.
To enforce our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. We send data to companies we do not own for the following reasons:
to verify accounts and activity;
combat harmful conduct, such as abusive behavior and other violations of our Terms of Service;
detect and prevent spam;
detect and prevent fraud;
maintain the integrity of our Service; and
promote safety and security on our Service, such as monitoring for illegal activity and reporting to the appropriate authorities.
Contacting you.
To contact you by email, text messaging, phone, autodialer or otherwise, including to invite you to participate in surveys and contests, and provide you updates and information about the Service and our other products and services. You can opt out of receiving promotional email, text messages or push notifications at any time in the Settings tab.
Cookies and mobile ad identification.
We may set and access cookies or use AdID or IDFA information on your device or computer to customize your experience. These files help us with the following:
Authentication:
Cookies are used to keep you logged into our site as you navigate through different pages.
Analytics and performance:
We use cookies to analyze platform performance and monitor how our visitors use the site. These help us to identify and fix bugs, understand and improve our services, and research and test new features.
Advertising:
We use cookies and your AdID and IDFA to deliver relevant. Our ad partners use cookies to deliver relevant ads and monitor how you interacted with an ad.
Cooperation with law enforcement.
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials to enforce and comply with the law. We report threats of violence or self-harm and other illegal activities proactively, and we may disclose information about you to government or law enforcement officials in order to: (1) protect the safety and security of our users and members of the public or (2) satisfy subpoenas, court orders, or other governmental requests.
Business transfers.
We may share your personal information with another business entity in connection with a proposed or actual sale, assignment, merger or transfer of all or part of our business or the acquisition of all or part of another business. In such cases, we would require any such business entity to honor the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Management of our company.
We will process your information as needed to maintain our financial books and records, engage in sales of goods and services to members and advertisers, ensure the integrity and security of our systems and resources, operate our work environment, and respond to any potential compromise of anyone's personal information.
Service providers.
We transfer information to vendors, service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, facilitating payments, or conducting research and surveys. These partners agree to adhere to confidentiality obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Advertisers.
We may share information with third parties for the purposes of delivering relevant, personalized advertisements or content on our Service and on the websites or applications of third parties. To achieve this purpose, our partners may use the shared information (i) to evaluate the nature of the connection across your devices, browsers, or applications; (ii) to assess the suitability of your desktop or mobile device for interest- or demographic-based content; (iii) to provide information and inferences about user interests to third parties; and (iv) to develop insights and reports relating to the presentation of customized advertisements or content, including statistical reports in connection with activity on a website, optimization of ad placement and performance, development of reach and frequency metrics, billing activities, and tracking ads served on a particular day to a particular account. Our partners may also combine shared information with additional non-identifying information collected from other sources to enhance these activities.
When you use our website, we may allow third parties to use a tag (or often called a pixel) to access your browser for the purposes of setting cookies and/or other similar technologies and to collect personal data, including your hashed email address, cookies data, IP address, and/or information about your browser or operating system. Our third-party partners may use, sell, and share the personal data collected from you for online targeted and cross-context behavioral advertising, identity resolution, cross-channel advertising (e.g., TV, Mobile, other web-connected devices), and other online and offline marketing-related purposes. They may also allow their partners access to your browser for similar purposes (e.g., via cookie syncs). Personal data collected may be stored for as long as necessary to enable these purposes unless limited by browser settings or by opting out. You may opt out of this use of your email address and associated personal data by our partners by entering the email address used for this website via the
DAA email opt-out page
. Further, you may opt-out of cookies set by our partners via the
DAA cookie opt-out page
.
Personal Information.
Except for "Cooperation with Law Enforcement," "Business Transfers" and "Service Providers" (all described above), in connection with account verification (and then only for that purpose), or to enforce our rights under this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, we do not share the following personal information with any third party not owned by JNJ Mobile, Inc. for any reason: your first name, your last name, your address, your phone number(s), or your email address.
V. What are 'cookies' and what 'cookies' does Moco use?
We collect information by placing cookies on your computer or mobile device. A cookie is a piece of text stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. They are basically a tool that stores information about website visits, recognizes you and your preferences each time you visit Moco, and ensures site functionality and enables us to provide the services our members request.
When you visit the publicly available sections of Moco, a session ID cookie is placed on your computer or mobile device that only lasts while you're visiting. We also place persistent cookies on members' computers and mobile devices, so that Moco remembers them and makes their login experience faster and easier.
You may set your browser and your mobile settings to block cookies, but if you do so, you may not be able to access the features that Moco offers.
Moco's use of cookies falls into the following categories:
those that are strictly necessary to deliver the services and products you have requested;
cookies related to the performance of Moco's site, such as analytics that help us determine how our site is performing and ensuring a smooth and trouble free experience for our members and visitors;
cookies related to the functionality of Moco's site, such as remembering your preferences at log in or your preferred language;
third party cookies which link to other social networks and which you request via social plugins; and
cookies used to improve and target advertising to you based on what's relevant to you and to improve reporting on advertising campaigns.
Moco uses cookies so that we know who you are and what interests you, so that you can do the things online that you want to do, like chat with new people and share your content, knowing that your data will be secure. Below is a table explaining Moco's cookie functions and why they're used.
Cookie Functions
Cookie Purposes
Authentication
These cookies help us to identify our members so that when you're logged in, you can enjoy Moco's various features, such as uploading photos and chatting, and can localize your experience, such as when you've requested to view Moco's site in your local language or when you've asked Moco to 'remember me'.
Analytics and research
Moco uses Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use the Moco site and app. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. For more information about Google's privacy policy, please visit
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/
Site features and services
We also use cookies to provide links to other social media sites, social plugins and video content, including making it easier for you to share content from Moco with other social networks.
In some cases, the site feature you choose may allow a third party to place cookies on your computer. The third party who places cookies on your device is responsible for how they process their data and Moco recommends that you read their privacy policies. Third parties who place cookies on your device when you use Moco include
Facebook
,
Google
and
YouTube
Targeted advertising
Our advertisting partners use cookies to improve and target advertising to you based on what's relevant to you and to improve reporting on advertising campaigns.
Our use of cookies, including the specific cookie names, may change over time, but will generally fall into the above categories. We will notify you of any important changes to our use of cookies. If you would like to know more about cookies the following websites provide useful information:
www.allaboutcookies.org
www.youronlinechoices.eu
Common ID Cookie
This site uses cookies and similar tracking technologies such as the Common ID cookie to provide its services. Cookies are important devices for measuring advertising effectiveness and ensuring a robust online advertising industry. The Common ID cookie stores a unique user id in the first party domain and is accessible to our ad partners. This simple ID that can be utilized to improve user matching, especially for delivering ads to iOS and MacOS browsers. Users can opt out of the Common ID tracking cookie by clicking
here
.
Advertising Privacy Settings
FOR EU USERS ONLY: When you use our site, pre-selected companies may access and use certain information on your device and about your interests to serve ads or personalized content. You may revisit or change consent-choices at any time by clicking
here
.
All or partial advertising on this Website or App is managed by Playwire LLC. If Playwire publisher advertising services are used, Playwire LLC may collect and use certain aggregated and anonymized data for advertising purposes. To learn more about the types of data collected, how data is used and your choices as a user, please visit
https://www.playwire.com/privacy-policy
.
VI. Data Security and Storage
We use industry standard security measures to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. However, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent "hackers" from illegally obtaining this information. We will store and maintain your personal information for as long as necessary (i) for the purposes for which it was collected, (ii) to meet our current and future legal obligations, including compliance with our records retention practices, and (iii) as permitted to meet our legitimate interests. Our Service is hosted in the United States and we maintain your information in the United States and elsewhere on the cloud. If you are outside the United States, you agree to have your data transferred to and processed in the United States and elsewhere. When we transfer personal data outside of the European Economic Area, we ensure an adequate level of protection for the rights of data subjects based on the adequacy of the receiving country's data protection laws and contractual obligations placed on the recipient of the data. A copy of these safeguards may be made available by writing to us at the address provided in the Contact Information section below.
VII. Access to Your Personal Information
If you wish to obtain a copy of your personal information, please email support@corp.mocospace.com or
contact us here
. In order to protect the data of others, requests will only be honored that come from the email used to set up your account on our Service.
VIII. Deletion of Your Personal Information
You may delete your account at any time, and your personal information will be deleted in the normal course of business pursuant to our current data retention practices. You may request to have all your personal information deleted by emailing support@corp.mocospace.com or
contacting us here
. We will comply with all deletion requests to the extent permissible by law and will not delete data that we are legally required to maintain (such as data subject to a current and valid preservation order or transaction data required for audit or substantiation purposes).
IX. California Resident Rights
Notice of Right to Know About Information Collected.
California residents have the right to request certain information about whether we collect, use, disclose and sell personal information about them, and to request to know the personal information that we have. To make such a request, please contact us by mail at JNJ Mobile Inc., 6 Liberty Sq PMB 96493, Boston MA 02109, by email at support@corp.mocospace.com or
contact us here
. Please be advised that we will verify all such requests prior to providing any personal information by requiring you to respond to an email sent to the email you used when making your request. Please be advised that we are only required to respond to two requests per user each year. These reports will be provided free of charge.
Notice of Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information.
If you are a California resident and a registered user of the Service, you may request the deletion of personal information we have collected from you. To make such a request, please contact us by mail at JNJ Mobile Inc., 6 Liberty Sq PMB 96493, Boston MA 02109, by email at support@corp.mocospace.com or
contact us here
. Please be advised that we will verify all such requests prior to providing any personal information by requiring you to respond to an email sent to the email you used when making your request.
Notice of Right to Opt Out of the "Sale" of Personal Information.
California residents have the right to request that we not sell their personal information to third parties, as those terms are defined by California Civil Code Section 1798.140. This can be done by clicking on the "Do Not Sell My Info" links available on our Website our Apps, or by selecting Privacy Settings under the My Stuff / Settings menu. Users must be logged on to use these links. Alternatively, you may request that we stop selling your personal information by contacting by us via mail at JNJ Mobile Inc., 6 Liberty Sq PMB 96493, Boston MA 02109, by email at support@corp.mocospace.com or
contact us here
.
In the past twelve months, we have "sold" the following personal information of users for the purpose of delivering customized advertising to our users: Location, Advertising ID, Gender, Age.
Nondiscrimination.
We will not discriminate against California residents who exercise their privacy rights.
Authorized Agent.
California residents may use an authorized agent to make requests on their behalf. We require the authorized agent to provide us with proof of the California resident's written permission (for example, a power of attorney) that shows the authorized agent has the authority to submit a request for the California resident. In addition to providing this proof, the authorized agent must follow the appropriate process described above to make a request.
California Shine the Light Law.
Under California's "Shine the Light" law, California residents who provide Personal Information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information shared, the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year, and descriptions of the likely types of marketing the third parties would send.
To obtain this information, please contact us by mail at JNJ Mobile Inc., 6 Liberty Sq PMB 96493, Boston MA 02109, by email at support@corp.mocospace.com or
contact us here
with "Request for California Privacy Information" on the subject line and in the body of your message. If you are a California resident, we will provide the requested information to you at your email address in response. Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the "Shine the Light" requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.
Our California Do Not Track Notice.
Where possible, we make an effort to take appropriate action with respect to web browser "do not track" signals or other mechanisms that provide users the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personal information about that user's online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services. We may allow third parties, such as companies that provide us with analytics tools, to collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different apps or web sites when you use our Service.
X. Nevada Privacy Rights
We do not sell consumers' covered information for monetary consideration (as defined in Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes). However, if you are a Nevada resident, you have the right to submit a request directing us not to sell your personal information. To submit such a request, please contact us by mail at JNJ Mobile Inc., 6 Liberty Sq PMB 96493, Boston MA 02109, by email at support@corp.mocospace.com or
contact us here
XI. European Economic Area Residents
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, you have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion, restrict processing, object to processing, or request porting of your personal information, you can do so at any time by emailing us at support@corp.mocospace.com or
contacting us here
. Please see sections VII and VIII above for more information.
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the marketing emails we send you. You can manage your account settings and email marketing preferences in the Settings section.
Similarly, if we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent (such as for advertising), then you can withdraw your consent at any time in the Settings section. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. Please note that if you opt-out of having your data shared with advertisers, you will still see ads, they just will not be tailored to your interests.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right to keep any information in our archives that we deem necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
XII. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect new or changed features and services, changes in the law, or changes in our use or collection of personal information. We display an effective date on this Privacy Policy so you can tell when there has been a change. If we make a change regarding our use or disclosure of personal information (date of birth, first or last name, physical address, phone number, email address, or location), we will provide a notice when you open our Service. If you object to any terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy or any subsequent changes or you become dissatisfied with our Service or Moco in any way, your only option is to delete your account. Your continued use of our Service after we post a revised Privacy Policy means that you agree to the revisions.
XIII. Language
This Privacy Policy was written in English. If you are reading a translation and it conflicts with the English version, please note that the English version controls.
Our Contact Information
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Email: support@corp.mocospace.com
Mail: JNJ Mobile Inc., 6 Liberty Sq PMB 96493, Boston MA 02109
Phone: 1-877-323-4815
English
Español
English
Mobile Site
Rooms
Meet People
Help
Terms
Privacy
Do Not Sell My Info
Safety
Developers
App Store
Google Play
©2005-2025
JNJ Mobile, Inc
All rights reserved.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.mocospace.com/link/profile-edit-privacy.jsp:
Moco and our partners use cookies to personalize content and improve your experience. By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies, Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Learn more
Got it!
Moco
Remember me
Forgot User Name?
Forgot Password?
You must enable JavaScript in your broswer to use Moco!
Chat & Meet New People
Join over 100 million people in public chat rooms, group chat, and private chat.
Download our free app to get started.
Download on the App Store
Get it on Google Play
English
Español
English
Mobile Site
Rooms
Meet People
Help
Terms
Privacy
Do Not Sell My Info
Safety
Developers
App Store
Google Play
©2005-2025
JNJ Mobile, Inc
All rights reserved.
Sub-policy 1
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 2
https://www.playwire.com/privacy-policy:
×
Do you agree to let us use cookies?
On the Playwire website, we use cookies to deliver better user experience, manage authentication and provide relevant alerts. Learn more from our
Privacy Policy
.
Accept
×
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how Playwire LLC, its subsidiary and affiliate corporations, successors, and assigns (collectively, “Playwire”) uses and protects the information you provide.
This “Privacy Policy” applies to
www.playwire.com
,
the Playwire Platform (see below), and any other websites owned or operated by Playwire or that may be subsequently added, variations or successors to this website (the “Playwire Sites”), any Playwire computer software downloadable or otherwise available from the Playwire Sites (“Software”), Playwire’s services, including but not limited to, the Playwire digital advertising technology, advertising management services, mobile applications, Revenue Intelligence™, RAMP™, Trendi™, Kids Club
®
, and all other Playwire platforms and networks (collectively referred to as the “Services, Platforms and Networks”)
This Privacy Policy applies to all Users of the Playwire Sites, Software, the Services, Platforms and Networks.   If you are interested in finding out more information regarding our GDPR compliance,
click here.
Last Updated: Mar 16, 2023
1. TYPE OF INFORMATION PLAYWIRE AND THIRD PARTIES COLLECT.
By use of the Services, Platforms and Networks, Playwire may collect two (2) types of information about Users: Personal and Non-Personal. In addition, Playwire works with advertisers, ad agencies, third-party traffic measurement services and other service providers (collectively “Third Parties”) to serve advertisements on publishers using the Playwire Services, Platforms and Networks. Third Parties may set and access their own tracking technologies on your device including but not limited to cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other information as described below.
“Personal Information.” Personal Information refers to information that lets Playwire know the specifics of who you are and which may be used to identify, contact or locate you or a business interested in the Playwire Sites, Software, the Services, Platforms and Networks (
e.g.
, name, mailing address, telephone number and e-mail address). Playwire may collect Personal Information when you use the Playwire Sites including, without limitation, setting up account information, filling out surveys, corresponding with Playwire, or otherwise volunteering information about yourself. Playwire does not sell, trade or rent Personal Information collected through the Playwire Sites to any third-party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Playwire shall: (1) fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies; and (2) may be required to disclose Personal Information upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation.
“Non-Personal Information.” Non-Personal Information refers to information that, by itself, does not identify you as a specific individual (
e.g.
, demographic information or website visitations). Playwire and/or advertisers, advertising agencies, third-party traffic measurement services and other service providers may collect and/or process Non-Personal Information through a variety of methods and industry standard technologies described further below.
Information about your browser including: the type of browser you use, browser language, browser settings, cookie information and other locally stored objects. This may include data about you related to bid requests and ad impressions, collected when we decide to show you an ad on a Digital Property and when we deliver an advertisement.
Information about your device including device operating system version, connection type, device make, device model, device Identifiers such as your IDFA or AAID, and the IP address from which the device accesses our Services, Platforms and Networks.
Unique anonymous IDs assigned to your browser or device, which allows the Platform to automatically recognize your browser or device the next time it visits another Digital Property that has integrated our technology.  This allows our clients and partners to sync their own unique identifiers against this ID so that they can use their own data on the Services, Platforms and Networks that they may have associated with you (collectively “Digital Identifiers”).
General geolocation information, as well as precise geolocation information when location services have been enabled for an app on your device that has integrated our technology or that sends that information to our Services, Platforms and Networks.
Information about your online activity such as website visited, general browsing history, viewing history, referral source, search history and information regarding an individual’s interaction with an internet website, app, or advertisement, including the time web pages or apps were visited or used, including in-game or online viewing activity (e.g., videos viewed, pages viewed).
Inferences or audience segmentation derived from our Services, Platforms and Networks, such as individual profiles, preferences, characteristics, and behaviors.
Information about ads served, viewed or clicked on, including the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it and whether you visited the advertiser’s website or downloaded the advertiser’s app.
Information about the specific content viewed on websites
Email addresses in hashed form
Information about your internet service including information about which internet service provider is used by you.
To receive more information about these practices and/or opt out of these types of data collection you may visit the following links:
To opt-out of interest-based advertising using cookies:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/
https://optout.aboutads.info/
https://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices
https://allaboutcookies.org/how-to-manage-cookies
To opt out of email-based identifiers go here:
LiveRamp:
When you use Playwire Publisher Websites and enter your email address on their websites (either to log in, or to sign up for a newsletter, or similar), we may share with LiveRamp and its group companies information that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with any of the following, acting as “joint controllers” (as applicable and defined in the GDPR).
LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code that we may store in our first-party cookie for our use in online, in-app, and cross-channel advertising. This may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognising you on your devices. This code does not contain any of your directly identifiable personal data and will not be used by LiveRamp to re-identify you.
Detailed information on LiveRamp’s data processing activities is available in LiveRamp’s privacy policy
https://liveramp.com/privacy/
. You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt-out to the processing of your personal data at any time
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
.
Trade Desk UID:
https://transparentadvertising.org/
To turn off personalized ads in Chrome go here:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
To opt out of Google Analytics go here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Mobile device system software such as Apple iOS or Google Play Services provide mechanisms that allow users to opt out of the use of information about their usage of mobile apps to deliver targeted ads to their mobile device. For more information, or to opt out using these mechanisms, consult your device settings (“Opt out of Personalized Ads” on Android devices and “Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS devices). When Playwire’s technology encounters “Limit Ad Tracking” signals they are respected. Devices vary in where they include the setting to adjust.
2. HOW PLAYWIRE AND THIRD PARTIES USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT.
We use, and allow third parties as set forth herein to use, the information we collect for the following purposes:
System Administration. Playwire may use Non-Personal Information for the purposes of system administration, assisting in diagnosing problems with Playwire servers, monitoring Playwire’s Services, Platforms, and Networks performance and traffic on the Playwire Sites and to gather broad demographic information about Playwire customers.
For our legitimate business interests to provide services to advertisers, including providing and operating our services which include:
Compiling statistics about the advertising transactions occurring through our Platform and conducting research and development for our own internal business purposes, such as analyzing campaign forecasts and conducting machine learning to help our clients improve their sales of ad space and delivery of ads to you
Analyzing and reporting on campaign and ad performance, such as reporting to advertisers about when and how you have been exposed to ads or clicked on ads, and reporting to Digital Properties information about when and how ads were shown on their Digital Properties and whether they were clicked on
Investigating, protecting against, and deterring malicious activity, fake traffic, or fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity on the Platform and on the internet.
For our legitimate business interests to provide services to our customers and publishers, including providing and operating our services.
Playwire uses Cookies and IP Addresses to track features such as delivering content specific to your interests and informing you of new, relevant services or certain third-party offerings.
Notices to Registered Users. If you have registered for an Account, Playwire may use your Personal Information to send emails regarding your registration, including confirmation to verify the accuracy of any information you have provided. Playwire may also send you emails to verify your identity or to notify you if Playwire believes your use of Playwire Sites violates any applicable agreement for the use of the Playwire Sites.
Advertising-related purposes:
Interest-Based Advertising: Using Platform Data to infer what you may be interested in and to serve ads to you based on these inferred interests.
Frequency Capping: Limiting the number of times you see an ad so you don’t see the same ad or type of ad too many times
Showing Ads in Sequence: Showing you ads in a particular order to provide a better user experience
Geo-Targeting: Customizing ads shown to you based on your current or prior location
Contextual Ads: Showing ads to you based on the content you are viewing
Ad Measurement: Understanding how users respond to ads (e.g., clicking on the ad)
Aggregated Statistics: Reporting aggregated statistics regarding, for example, the effectiveness of online advertising campaigns
Cross-Device Mapping: Enabling Cross-Device Mapping (grouping the devices that are owned by an individual or household) in order to serve or measure advertising on related devices on behalf of our clients.
For ad campaigns that are intended for child-directed sites, or child-directed categories of digital app stores (such as apps included in Apple’s Kids category), we take measures to ensure that our service providers have disabled any and all forms of behaviorally targeted advertising and sensitive ad content categories and that the child’s anonymous browsing information is only used for permissible internal support operations in accordance with COPPA (e.g., contextual advertising, ad capping, etc.). All ads are subject to human review for appropriateness.
Promotional Emails.  Playwire may use your Personal Information to send you emails periodically listing promotions or events relating to the Playwire Sites or from Playwire’s marketing partners or sponsors. You have the choice to opt out of receiving such promotional emails by sending an e-mail to legal@playwire.com and/or following the instructions in such correspondence. Once Playwire has processed your opt-out request, Playwire will not send you promotional emails unless you opt back in to receive such communications.
Legal Rights and Compliance with Law: We may also disclose Platform Data in the event that we reasonably suspect malicious activity or fake traffic or when we reasonably believe it is required by law, subpoena, or other legal process, including to meet security or law enforcement requirements.
Contact Information. If you contact Playwire by telephone, e-mail, or letter, Playwire may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence. If you report a problem with the Playwire Sites, Playwire may collect this information in a file specific to you. You may contact Playwire at
legal@playwire.com
to request the removal of this information from Playwire’s database.
3. HOW TO ACCESS AND CHANGE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Upon request, Playwire shall allow Users to update or correct Personal Information previously submitted, but only to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. Additionally, upon request, Playwire shall delete Personal Information from the database where such information is stored; however, it may be impossible to entirely delete a User’s entry without some residual information being retained due to the manner in which data backups are maintained. Requests to delete Personal Information shall be submitted to legal@playwire.com.
4. SAFEGUARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Security Measures. Playwire takes appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of Personal Information. These include, but are not limited to, internal reviews of: (i) Playwire’s data collection; (ii) storage and processing practices; (ii) electronic security measures; and (iv) physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where Playwire stores Personal Information. All Playwire employees, contractors and agents who access Personal Information are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution or unauthorized use or disclosure of Personal Information.
Third-Party Links. The Playwire Sites may contain links to third parties who may collect Personal Information and Non-Personal Information directly from you. Additionally, Playwire may use third parties to provide components of the Playwire Sites. In either case, such third parties may have separate privacy policies and data collection practices, independent of Playwire. Playwire: (i) has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions; (ii) is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites; and (iii) does not make any warranties or representations about the contents, products or services offered on such websites or the security of any information you provide to them.
5. YOUR CHOICES AND RIGHTS
If you reside or are located in certain jurisdictions, you may have rights and protections regarding the collection, processing, sharing, and use of your data under a particular jurisdiction’s law. This may mean that you may have the right to:
Request access and obtain a copy of your data;
To request rectification of your data;
In certain circumstances, and subject to some specific legal reasons where we may need to retain data, to request that your data be deleted or erased
To opt out of the sale of your data to third parties;
If applicable, to enforce your right to data portability;
To object to the processing of your data in certain circumstances;
Not be discriminated against for exercising your rights with respect to your data.
6. The GDPR and Your Rights as an EU or UK Data Subject
A.    Persons Covered.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies to our processing of personal data. If you are located in the United Kingdom, then the Data Protection Act 2018 applies to our processing of personal data. These laws each grant those located respectively in the EEA and the UK a set of clear privacy rights and imposes responsibilities on Playwire as we process the personal data of data subjects located in those places. This section is designed to provide more information on how Playwire adheres to the GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018 and your rights as a data subject located in the UK or the EEA.
B.    Definition of Personal Data.
Both the GDPR and UK Data Protection Act define personal data broadly. As such, where Usage Data and/or Profile Information relates to an individual in the EEA or UK we treat it as personal data. This includes: a) data collected via visits to Playwire.com; b) data collected from customers, Publishers and business partners; and c) data collected from employees and prospective employees.
C.    Special Categories of Personal Data.
Playwire does not collect nor process any special categories of personal data with respect to UK or EEA data subjects, and we do not create Profile Information of audience segments of such consumers based on special categories of personal data (i.e. data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health, or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation).
D.    Legal Basis for Processing.
Both the UK Data Protection Act and GDPR requires entities seeking to process personal data to have a valid legal basis for doing so. The legal basis utilized by Playwire includes: a) consent; b) legitimate interest (i.e., where we believe that our need to process the data and/or the value we deliver by processing such data is not outweighed by the rights of the data subject); c) where necessary for the performance of a contract; and d) where processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations. We will endeavor to outline our legal basis for the most common types of processing conducted by Playwire.
I.    Cookie and Similar Tracking Technologies
– We endeavor to obtain consent for our placement of cookies, pixels and similar tracking technologies as required under the ePrivacy Directive as implemented throughout the EEA. As Playwire does not have direct relationships with Internet users in many cases, we ask Publishers and other partners to obtain a consent on our behalf as described below.  Where we directly place cookies (e.g., via Playwire.com) we directly obtain the consent from data subjects we’ve identified as being from the EEA or other place where consent is required.
II.    Usage Data and Profile Information
– While we obtain a consent for our placement of cookies as described above, Playwire processes Usage Data and Profile Information under our legitimate interest. For purposes of clarity, where this data is utilized for analytics, targeted advertising, measurement or reporting, we also process it via legitimate interest. To offer additional transparency, we endeavor to mention some of these use cases in the consents obtained for cookies and pixels.
III.    Website Data
– We collect personal data via Playwire.com. Where that data is provided to Playwire (e.g., via completing an online form), we consider it either Account Data and/or data collected pursuant to a Business Relationship which are described below. Where we place cookies via the website, we use consent. Where data is collected automatically (e.g., log files containing IP addresses), we process such data via our legitimate interest and in order to maintain the website and help us to a better job of personalizing the website to the interests of visitors.
IV.    Account Data and Business Relationships
– We require some Publishers to setup an Account with Playwire. Similarly, we maintain accounts containing personal data with most of the vendors who provide services to Playwire, our customers, our employees and our business partners. If you are an employee of one of those entities, Playwire may have your personal data including your name, your work email or your work telephone number. For data subjects located in the EEA or UK, we process this data under the legal basis of contractual necessity. In other words, we need to process this data in order to honor the terms of the contract between Playwire and the Publisher, customer, vendor, etc. This includes maintaining an account and login credentials, billing and payment purposes, communicating with the other party, and fulfilling requests. Where we are seeking to market additional products and services to these entities, we will do so via legitimate interest unless applicable law dictates that we use consent (e.g., for email marketing).
V.    General Purposes
– There are a number of instances where Playwire processes personal data which are distinct from the descriptions provided above. For example:
A.    Legal and Regulatory Compliance
– Like most companies, Playwire will process data in order to comply with law, cooperate with requests from competent legal authorities such as the police, and to pay taxes. The legal basis for this type of processing is necessary for Playwire to meet our legal and regulatory obligations.
B.    Enforcement of Legal Obligations
– To enforce our terms and conditions, protect of our intellectual property and/or the rights of third parties, Playwire processes personal data in these instances via our legitimate interest. This may include obtaining advice and conducting legal proceedings.
C.    Sell and Promote Our Business
– Playwire may choose to conduct, evaluate and/or promote the sale of our business via our legitimate interest.
D.    Aggregated Data
– Where we aggregate data and remove digital identifiers (e.g., cookie IDs), we may use this data for internal research, marketing, and statistical analysis purposes.
E.    UK and EU Data Subject Rights.
Where the GDPR or UK Data Protection Act applies, such data subjects have certain rights, including: a) The right to be informed about the types of data being processed and the legal basis for processing; b) the right to access and see the data being processed; c) the right of rectification, to make corrections to data subject to processing; d) the right to erase data; e) the right to restrict processing of data; f) the right of data portability; g) the right to object to the processing of data and f) the right not to be subject to automated decision-making. Some of these rights apply only in certain circumstances and depend on the legal basis relied upon to process the data. As an example, the right to object applies to processing which is carried out because it is necessary for our legitimate interests and only if we cannot demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds which outweigh your rights, interests and freedoms. The same right does not apply to processing which is necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations or to perform a contract with you. Given that both the UK Data Protection Act and the GDPR defines personal data broadly, these rights may extend to the personal data we place into cookies or similar tracking technologies.
Where processing is based on your consent, in accordance with the GDPR and UK Data Protection Act (as applicable), you may withdraw that consent at any time, although any processing previously carried out will still be legal. In order to exercise your data subjects’ rights or if you have any questions about these rights, you can write to us at gdpr@playwire.com . We will endeavor to respond to any requests to exercise your rights within one month from when they are made, although this period may be extended in some cases in which case we will inform you before the expiration of the one month period.
You also have the right to submit complaints to the supervisory authority in your jurisdiction. A list of supervisory authorities in the EEA can be found here: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en.
F.    Cross-border transfers of EU or UK Personal Data.
We generally process data in the United States. When we share data, we provide data to companies globally. In each case, we have safeguards in place which allow those transfers to happen in a way that ensures data is handled in accordance with the applicable law.
When we transfer personal data outside the EEA or UK, unless the recipient or location to which the data is transferred has been approved by the appropriate authorities as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data, we put in place measures to ensure that the transfer complies with the applicable data protection law and that the personal data which is transferred is appropriately safeguarded.
G.    Data Protection Officer.
Playwire has appointed a data protection officer to supervise our personal data processing-related activities, and to respond to requests as required.  Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted as follows: gdpr@playwire.com
7. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT (CCPA)
1. Overview of California Consumer Privacy Laws
This California Privacy Policy applies only to California consumers (“you” or collectively as “consumers”) and supplements the Playwire Privacy Policy (collectively, “we,” “us,” or “our”). The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CPRA”), collectively referred to as “California Consumer Privacy Laws”, provide California consumers with specific rights regarding their personal information. This California Privacy Policy describes a California consumer’s privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Laws, explains how you may exercise your privacy rights, and provides an overview on the types of personal information we collect.
2. California Consumer Privacy Laws provide you with the following rights:
Right to know.
You have the right to know what categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect about you; the categories of sources from which we collect personal information; our business or commercial purpose for the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information; any categories of third parties with whom we share your information; and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about that consumer
Right to delete.
You have the right to request that we delete the personal information that we collect about you.
Right to opt out.
You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. If we sell any of your personal information, you have the right, at any time, to tell us not to sell your personal information. You also have the right to request that we do not share your personal information.  If you wish to exercise these rights, please see our  Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information opt-out page.
Right to correct.
You have the right to request the correction of any inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information.  We will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct the inaccurate personal information as you may direct.
Right to limit use or disclosure of sensitive personal information (“SPI”).
You have the right to limit the use and disclosure of your SPI, if we are using your SPI beyond what is reasonable and proportionate to provide the requested goods or services.   We do not collect SPI.
Right to nondiscrimination.
If you exercise any of your privacy rights, we will not discriminate against you.
Notice of Financial Incentives.
California Consumer Privacy Laws allow us to provide financial incentives for collecting, selling, or retaining your personal information.
Right to know how long we retain your information.
We will retain your information as long as it is reasonably necessary for each disclosed purpose, as outlined in the tables below. If you have any questions or would like to exercise any privacy rights, please contact us.
3. Information We May Keep.
California Consumer Privacy Laws allow us to keep your personal information that we need to provide you with goods and services, ensure the security and integrity of your personal information, fix any errors, exercise free speech, use your information lawfully for our internal purposes, and to comply with the law.
4. Contact.
California Consumer Privacy Laws allow you to exercise your privacy rights and request your information from us, at no cost. We will provide our response in a readily usable format, which is usually electronic.  If you would like to exercise any of your privacy rights, please contact us through any of the following:
by writing to:
Playwire, LLC
Attn: Privacy
4855 Technology Way
Suite 500
Boca Raton, Florida 33431
by email:
legal@playwire.com
5. Verification of Your Identity.
To protect your privacy, we will ask you to verify your identity. We will ask you to confirm your name, email address, phone number and other information so that we can reasonably confirm your identity. We will not share any information until we can reasonably confirm your identity.
6. Our Response Time to Your Privacy Request
Response Time.
We will respond to your verifiable consumer request (“VCR”) within forty‐five (45) days from when you contacted us.
Response Time for Complex Requests.
If you have a complex VCR, state privacy laws allow us up to ninety (90) days to respond. We will still contact you within forty‐five (45) days from when you contacted us to let you know we need more time to respond.
Our Response.
Our response will cover the 12-month period preceding the business’s receipt of the VCR. A consumer may request that we disclose the required information beyond the 12-month period (limited to personal information collected on or after January 1, 2022), and we will provide that information unless doing so proves impossible or would involve a disproportionate effort. Note that there is no obligation to provide this information to the same consumer more than twice in a 12-month period.
7. Authorized Agent.
California Consumer Privacy Laws allow you to ask someone else to exercise your privacy rights for you. This person is your “Authorized Agent.” Before we will share anything with your Authorized Agent, you will need to provide your written permission or other proof, such as a valid Power of Attorney. Please contact us if you would like us to know who your Authorized Agent is.  Once we have your written permission, we will also ask your Authorized Agent to verify their identity with us directly. We will not share any of your information with your Authorized Agent unless we have both your written permission and have verified the identity of your  authorized agent.
8. Information Collection and Use- Sources of Information.
Please refer back to https://www.playwire.com/privacy-policy.  To help consumers make informed privacy decisions, the California Consumer Privacy Laws create and define categories of personal information. Some types of personal information may apply to multiple categories. We collect the categories of personal information described in Table 1 below. Depending on your level of interaction with us, we may not have collected your personal information from all of the categories.
Categories of Personal Information
Specific Types of Personal Information
Categories of Sources of Collection
Identifiers
A. Identifiers such as name and email that you choose to provide to us when you email us, complete an online form or register for our products or services.
B. IP Address that your devices uses to connect to the internet
A. Directly from you, the user
B. From your device when accessing our website or one of our publisher Websites/Apps that utilize our technology or services
Internet or other electronic network activity
Browser and Device Information, User Agent,IP Address,  Mobile Device Identifiers such as IDFA or AAID/GAID, custom or external unique Identifiers, search history and information on interaction with our publisher websites, their content and advertisements
Through our Publisher Websites/Apps  that use our technology or services when you access those Websites/Apps
Location
Regional location of the users device
Through the IP address of your device, collected through our publisher Websites/Apps that utilize our technology as you access them
Inferences
Inferences drawn from the above mentioned categories to create an advertising profile reflecting perceived interests and behavior of a user
Through our Publisher Websites/Apps  that use our technology or services when you access those Websites/Apps
9. Business Purposes Of The Personal Information We Collect And Sell.
Table 2 is a list of the categories of personal information we disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months.
Categories of Personal Information
Business or Commercial Purpose
Identifiers such as name and email that you choose to provide to us when you email us, complete an online form or register for our products or services.
A. Providing Customer Service, maintaining and servicing your account and communicating with you.
B. Auditing customer interactions
C. Advertising and marketing company news and products to you
D. Maintaining and ensuring quality of services, improve users experience
IP Address that your devices uses to connect to the internet or other electronic network activity, Location Data, Inferences
A. Providing data services which analyze how users interact with content and advertisements on website/apps
B. Analytics and research activities to improve our products and services
C. Detecting security incidents, illegal or fraudulent activities
D. Debugging and troubleshooting purposes to improve service, fix errors and maintain usability of services
10. Categories Of Personal Information We Sell Or Disclose For A Business Purpose
Table 3 below describes the categories of personal information we sell or disclose for business purposes. These are also the categories of information we sold in the past 12 months.  The sources for each category of personal information we collect, the business or commercial purposes for which we use each category of personal information, and the third parties with whom we may share your personal information with.
Categories of Personal Information
Categories of Third Parties to Whom the information is disclosed or sold
IP Address that your devices uses to connect to the internet, Internet or other electronic network activity, Location Data, Inferences
A. Providing Customer Service, maintaining and servicing your account and communicating with you.
B. Auditing customer interactions
C. Maintaining and ensuring quality of services, improve users experience
D. Marketing company news and products to you
E. Advertising Services
F. Maintaining and ensuring quality of services, improve users experience
Playwire collects the personal information described above for a variety of business and commercial purposes.
For
Ad Services
, we use the personal information collected to provide our services; serve ads; provide information and reports to Media Buyers; prevent End Users from seeing the same ad too many times; customize and personalize ads; analyze ad performance; deliver Internet-based and location-based advertising; detect and prevent fraud and protect the security of our Ad Services; provide, manage and improve our Ad Services and develop new services; calculate usage levels of our Ad Services, help diagnose server problems and administer our Ad Services; and as we believe to be necessary or appropriate, such as to comply with legal requirements.
For
Playwire properties
, we use the personal information collected to send marketing and promotional communications; send administrative information; engage in and process transactions; post testimonials; provide interest-based advertising and engage in analytics on your activity on the Playwire Properties and other websites over time; manage accounts and provide customer support or other services; improve the content and quality of Playwire’s Properties and Ad Services; for legal purposes; and for our business purposes, such as to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing, and client relationships.
Categories of Third Parties to Whom We May Disclose or Sell Personal Information
We may disclose any of the personal information we collect for our business purposes, or sell the personal information, to the following categories of third parties:
Playwire’s Publisher Clients
Media Buyers & Planners
Playwire’s other clients including advertisers, brands, agencies, and other third party advertising partners
Attribution and Analytics Partners
Playwire’s vendors, consultants, and other service providers
Website advertising parties
8. SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE
Use of the Playwire Sites is not intended for minors under the age of 18 (“Minors”). Minors are not authorized by Playwire to use playwire.com, even if Minors set up an Account or accept the terms of any agreement for Playwire Sites. Parents or guardians may authorize Minors between the ages of 13 and 17 to use the Playwire Sites, provided they assume all responsibility and legal liability for the conduct of such Minor including, without limitation, monitoring the Minor’s access and use of the Playwire Sites.  Note that Playwire does work with Publishers who have their own sites that are intended for Minors and have their own separate privacy policies.
Playwire does not intentionally collect nor maintain any personally identifiable information from Minors. If you discover your Minor child has submitted his/her information to Playwire, you may request to have such information deleted from Playwire’s database by sending an email request to
legal@playwire.com
together with the e-mail address that was submitted by the Minor. Upon receiving the request, Playwire shall delete such information within twenty (20) business days. If Playwire learns that a Minor is using the Playwire Sites, Playwire will require verified parental or guardian consent, in accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”). To learn more about COPPA, consult this simple one-page informational guide from the kidSAFE Seal Program:
//www.kidsafeseal.com/knowaboutcoppa.html
9. CHANGES TO PLAYWIRE’S PRIVACY POLICY
Playwire continually strives to implement new technologies and processes to better protect you, your privacy and your use of the Playwire Sites. As a result, changes to this Privacy Policy may be made by Playwire from time to time. If we make changes, we will post them here and update the date above. If we make material changes to this Policy, we may take additional measures to notify you and, if necessary, gain your prior consent. In no event will these changes result in the degradation of any of the security measures designed to protect you from unauthorized disclosure, as such measures are described in this Privacy Policy.
CONTACT PLAYWIRE
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact Playwire as follows:
Playwire, LLC
Attn: Privacy
4855 Technology Way, Suite 510,
Boca Raton, Florida 33431
Email:
legal@playwire.com
Phone: (
561) 206-4621
Playwire may change this Privacy Policy from time to time in its sole and absolute discretion.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.mocospace.com/html/privacy.jsp;sid=E10B9514FC873959ECEF63A6ED5CAB51:
Moco
Remember me
Forgot User Name?
Forgot Password?
You must enable JavaScript in your broswer to use Moco!
Privacy Policy
Updated as of May 9, 2023
MocoSpace, the Moco app, mocospace.com ("MocoSpace", "Moco", the "Service") is a mobile and online social networking service, which is owned and operated by JNJ Mobile, Inc. ("MocoSpace", "Moco", "we" or "us").
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our practices, or your dealings with the Service, please contact us at: support@corp.mocospace.com, write to JNJ Mobile Inc., 6 Liberty Sq PMB 96493, Boston MA 02109, call 1-877-323-4815 or
contact us here
.
By downloading or using Moco you agree to this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Service
.
When you create a profile on Moco, your information will be visible to other Moco users.
If you are under the age of 18, you may not download or use Moco. We do not knowingly collect or maintain information on anyone under the age of 18.
I. What This Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy describes how Moco and our other mobile applications, websites and products collect, store, use, and share your information. It also describes how you can control and protect your privacy on our Service.
This Privacy Policy does
not
apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, such as companies that advertise on our Service. For example, companies that advertise on our Service may tag your device or computer with cookies or beacons. Our partners may place or recognize a cookie on your computer, device, or directly in our emails/communications. We do not control these third party cookies and beacons and their privacy policies may differ from ours.
II. Controlling and Protecting Your Privacy
1.
Personal Safety.
After getting to know someone online, you may choose to meet him or her in-person. If so, be careful and use common sense. Never meet someone in private for the first time; choose a public place, and take a friend. For more information about staying safe, please visit
Wiredsafety.org
, a public service website.
2.
Privacy and Do Not Sell My Personal Information Settings.
You can change your
Privacy and Do Not Sell My Information settings
at any time. You should review these settings regularly.
3.
Deleting Your Account.
You can edit or delete information that you upload to Moco and you can delete your account at any time. When you delete your account all of your information will be promptly removed from our servers.
4.
Deleting Your Information and Content.
You can request us to delete your posted information and content. To do so, send an email to support@corp.mocospace.com from the email address associated with your account or
contact us here
, requesting deletion.
5.
Location Information.
In addition to other information described in this policy, we may collect and share location information with select advertising networks and partners, which helps cover the costs of developing and maintaining this app and related services thereof. This information may be used by itself, aggregated, or combined with mobile identifiers, and may be shared with other parties, for purposes related to advertising, attribution (e.g., measuring ad performance), analytics and research. We will never disclose your exact location to other members. Location is collected when the app is in use.
You can withdraw your consent to having your location data collected by changing the settings on your device (note that certain services may lose functionality as a result). You can also activate your
device's opt-out settings
which will: (i) tell advertisers to not use your in-app information from that device for purposes of collecting and serving interest-based advertising and (ii) halt further data collection and sharing from that device.
6.
Password.
Store your password in a safe place, and do not share it with anyone. If you think someone has your password, you should change it immediately.
7.
Posting Information.
Posting personal information on public areas of Moco will make it publicly available. The information you post or share with others may in turn be shared by them with still other users and it may also show up when someone uses a public search engine (even if that person is not a Moco user).
Do not post information in public areas of Moco that you want to keep private.
8.
Ephemeral Photos.
An ephemeral photo is one that disappears after the recipient looks at it. Our practice is to delete such photos once they are viewed, and after three days if they are not viewed. We cannot guarantee, however, that we will successfully delete every photo, or do so within a particular time frame. Also the recipient can preserve a photo before it disappears by taking a screen shot, for example. Don't share an ephemeral photo unless you are comfortable that it may be saved and shared by the recipient.
9.
Third Parties.
We are not responsible for (and don't have any control over) the privacy policies of third party websites, apps and ad servers. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and app you visit.
9.1. YouTube. By viewing and/or using the YouTube video functionality available on the Moco Properties you agree to be bound by the
YouTube Terms of Service
and the
Google Privacy Policy
.
10.
Opting Out of Receiving Cookies.
You may set your browser to block some or all
cookies
. However, Moco might not fully function if you disable cookies. If you use multiple devices, browsers or computers, you will need to opt out of receiving cookies on each one. Also, if you change devices or computers you will need to repeat this opt-out process. You may also be able to opt-out of receiving cookies from
some advertisers
.
11.
Limit Mobile Ad Tracking.
You may set your mobile device to limit ad tracking, in which case we will not be able to see your AdID or IDFA. However, we will still share other personal information to our advertising partners as described in this Privacy Policy.
12.
Do Not Track Signals.
Some Internet browsers and mobile devices include the option to transmit "Do Not Track" or "Limit Ad Tracking quot; signals, but there are no uniform standards for this. If we detect these signals we will not share your personal account data, including device identifiers, IP address and location, with our 3rd party advertising, analytics and other partners, which they may use to personalize advertising or other content you see.
III. Information We Collect
We collect different types of personal information about you and your activities. We collect personal information when you register, log into, and use our Service, including the features you use, the pages and screens you visit, and the information you enter, such as chats or demographic information that you share in your profile on our Service. The specific examples in the following bullets are not meant to be exhaustive.
Email Address And Phone Number.
We may require a valid email address and/or phone number to register for our Service. These will be stored in our servers while you have an account with any of our Services. We may use these to contact you, but you may opt out of email and/or text messaging contact by following the Unsubscribe instructions sent in these messages.
Profile Information You Provide.
We collect the personal information that you provide to create your profile on our Service, including any metadata (such as location where a photo you upload was taken).
Automatically Collected Device Information.
We receive and record information from your device or browser, including your mobile device identification (AdID (Google), IDFA (Apple), device ID, etc.), IP address, cookie and beacon information, and geographic location. We collect information from and about the computers, phones, and other web-connected devices you use that integrate with our Services, and we combine this information across different devices you use. Unless you have disabled location collection at the device level, we will continue to collect location information even if you have opted out of sharing location information on your profile.
Activity and Usage Information Including Your Content.
We collect information about the features you use, the pages and screens you visit, and your transactions with us and with our partners and vendors, including information about your use of products or features offered through our Service. We and certain third-party partners may access your private chats and postings in order to improve your experience on our Service, for content moderation, for safety and legal process purposes.
Third Party Platform Registration (such as Facebook, Apple App Store or Google Play Store).
When you download or register for our Service by or through a third party platform we may also access and/or collect certain information from your third party platform account or by cookies placed on your device by such third party site. For example, if you create your account on our Service using Facebook, we may use the following information from Facebook to establish your account: your email address, hometown, gender, profile photo, date of birth, friends list and userID. In addition, in the course of providing our Service on third party platforms, such as the Apple App Store or the Google Play Store, the platforms may collect information about you or receive information from us in order for that platform to provide and analyze their services. Please note that these platforms are developed and administered by people or companies not affiliated with us or any of our Services and that we are not responsible for the actions of those people or companies. You should carefully review the terms of service and privacy policies of the platforms that you use to access our Service.
Advertisers.
Advertising revenue helps us to support and improve our Services. Third party advertising companies may collect information using cookies, AdID, IDFA and other sources. Advertisers may use these and other sources in connection with our Service in order to collect and use data regarding advertisement performance and your interests for the purpose of delivering relevant advertising.
We may also collect information about you from other sources, such as other services and other users of our Service.
IV. How We Use and Disclose the Information We Collect
We process personal information: (i) to execute transactions that you request, (ii) when you provide your explicit consent, (iii) for our legitimate business interests such as maintaining our books and records, securing and protecting the integrity of our Service, and for Service development; and (iv) to meet applicable legal requirements.
Specifically, we use and disclose your information in the following ways:
To customize your experience
on our Service, including suggestions about features you may enjoy or people you may want to meet.
To provide customer service
in response to questions or concerns you may bring to our attention.
For marketing purposes.
We share information with companies we do not own, including information collected from cookies, such as your location, IP address, AdID or IDFA and certain demographic information, in order to allow our marketing partners to optimize our ad campaigns.
For advertising purposes.
We share information with companies we do not own, including information collected from cookies and across the devices used to access the Service, such as your location, IP address, AdID or IDFA and certain demographic information (such as age, gender, parental status, relationship status, religion, education, and ethnicity), in order to allow these companies to deliver relevant ads.
For research.
To conduct research, including the numbers and types of visitors, and analyze traffic on our Service. We share some user data with companies we do not own to conduct this research.
For development and testing.
To develop and test new products and features, and improve our current ones, including by conducting surveys of our users, which might be conducted with or by companies we do not own.
Bug fixes and product improvement.
To find and fix technology problems. We send data to companies we do not own in order to analyze bugs in our websites and apps so that we can keep them running smoothly.
Policy enforcement.
To enforce our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. We send data to companies we do not own for the following reasons:
to verify accounts and activity;
combat harmful conduct, such as abusive behavior and other violations of our Terms of Service;
detect and prevent spam;
detect and prevent fraud;
maintain the integrity of our Service; and
promote safety and security on our Service, such as monitoring for illegal activity and reporting to the appropriate authorities.
Contacting you.
To contact you by email, text messaging, phone, autodialer or otherwise, including to invite you to participate in surveys and contests, and provide you updates and information about the Service and our other products and services. You can opt out of receiving promotional email, text messages or push notifications at any time in the Settings tab.
Cookies and mobile ad identification.
We may set and access cookies or use AdID or IDFA information on your device or computer to customize your experience. These files help us with the following:
Authentication:
Cookies are used to keep you logged into our site as you navigate through different pages.
Analytics and performance:
We use cookies to analyze platform performance and monitor how our visitors use the site. These help us to identify and fix bugs, understand and improve our services, and research and test new features.
Advertising:
We use cookies and your AdID and IDFA to deliver relevant. Our ad partners use cookies to deliver relevant ads and monitor how you interacted with an ad.
Cooperation with law enforcement.
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials to enforce and comply with the law. We report threats of violence or self-harm and other illegal activities proactively, and we may disclose information about you to government or law enforcement officials in order to: (1) protect the safety and security of our users and members of the public or (2) satisfy subpoenas, court orders, or other governmental requests.
Business transfers.
We may share your personal information with another business entity in connection with a proposed or actual sale, assignment, merger or transfer of all or part of our business or the acquisition of all or part of another business. In such cases, we would require any such business entity to honor the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Management of our company.
We will process your information as needed to maintain our financial books and records, engage in sales of goods and services to members and advertisers, ensure the integrity and security of our systems and resources, operate our work environment, and respond to any potential compromise of anyone's personal information.
Service providers.
We transfer information to vendors, service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, facilitating payments, or conducting research and surveys. These partners agree to adhere to confidentiality obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Advertisers.
We may share information with third parties for the purposes of delivering relevant, personalized advertisements or content on our Service and on the websites or applications of third parties. To achieve this purpose, our partners may use the shared information (i) to evaluate the nature of the connection across your devices, browsers, or applications; (ii) to assess the suitability of your desktop or mobile device for interest- or demographic-based content; (iii) to provide information and inferences about user interests to third parties; and (iv) to develop insights and reports relating to the presentation of customized advertisements or content, including statistical reports in connection with activity on a website, optimization of ad placement and performance, development of reach and frequency metrics, billing activities, and tracking ads served on a particular day to a particular account. Our partners may also combine shared information with additional non-identifying information collected from other sources to enhance these activities.
When you use our website, we may allow third parties to use a tag (or often called a pixel) to access your browser for the purposes of setting cookies and/or other similar technologies and to collect personal data, including your hashed email address, cookies data, IP address, and/or information about your browser or operating system. Our third-party partners may use, sell, and share the personal data collected from you for online targeted and cross-context behavioral advertising, identity resolution, cross-channel advertising (e.g., TV, Mobile, other web-connected devices), and other online and offline marketing-related purposes. They may also allow their partners access to your browser for similar purposes (e.g., via cookie syncs). Personal data collected may be stored for as long as necessary to enable these purposes unless limited by browser settings or by opting out. You may opt out of this use of your email address and associated personal data by our partners by entering the email address used for this website via the
DAA email opt-out page
. Further, you may opt-out of cookies set by our partners via the
DAA cookie opt-out page
.
Personal Information.
Except for "Cooperation with Law Enforcement," "Business Transfers" and "Service Providers" (all described above), in connection with account verification (and then only for that purpose), or to enforce our rights under this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, we do not share the following personal information with any third party not owned by JNJ Mobile, Inc. for any reason: your first name, your last name, your address, your phone number(s), or your email address.
V. What are 'cookies' and what 'cookies' does Moco use?
We collect information by placing cookies on your computer or mobile device. A cookie is a piece of text stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. They are basically a tool that stores information about website visits, recognizes you and your preferences each time you visit Moco, and ensures site functionality and enables us to provide the services our members request.
When you visit the publicly available sections of Moco, a session ID cookie is placed on your computer or mobile device that only lasts while you're visiting. We also place persistent cookies on members' computers and mobile devices, so that Moco remembers them and makes their login experience faster and easier.
You may set your browser and your mobile settings to block cookies, but if you do so, you may not be able to access the features that Moco offers.
Moco's use of cookies falls into the following categories:
those that are strictly necessary to deliver the services and products you have requested;
cookies related to the performance of Moco's site, such as analytics that help us determine how our site is performing and ensuring a smooth and trouble free experience for our members and visitors;
cookies related to the functionality of Moco's site, such as remembering your preferences at log in or your preferred language;
third party cookies which link to other social networks and which you request via social plugins; and
cookies used to improve and target advertising to you based on what's relevant to you and to improve reporting on advertising campaigns.
Moco uses cookies so that we know who you are and what interests you, so that you can do the things online that you want to do, like chat with new people and share your content, knowing that your data will be secure. Below is a table explaining Moco's cookie functions and why they're used.
Cookie Functions
Cookie Purposes
Authentication
These cookies help us to identify our members so that when you're logged in, you can enjoy Moco's various features, such as uploading photos and chatting, and can localize your experience, such as when you've requested to view Moco's site in your local language or when you've asked Moco to 'remember me'.
Analytics and research
Moco uses Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use the Moco site and app. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. For more information about Google's privacy policy, please visit
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/
Site features and services
We also use cookies to provide links to other social media sites, social plugins and video content, including making it easier for you to share content from Moco with other social networks.
In some cases, the site feature you choose may allow a third party to place cookies on your computer. The third party who places cookies on your device is responsible for how they process their data and Moco recommends that you read their privacy policies. Third parties who place cookies on your device when you use Moco include
Facebook
,
Google
and
YouTube
Targeted advertising
Our advertisting partners use cookies to improve and target advertising to you based on what's relevant to you and to improve reporting on advertising campaigns.
Our use of cookies, including the specific cookie names, may change over time, but will generally fall into the above categories. We will notify you of any important changes to our use of cookies. If you would like to know more about cookies the following websites provide useful information:
www.allaboutcookies.org
www.youronlinechoices.eu
Common ID Cookie
This site uses cookies and similar tracking technologies such as the Common ID cookie to provide its services. Cookies are important devices for measuring advertising effectiveness and ensuring a robust online advertising industry. The Common ID cookie stores a unique user id in the first party domain and is accessible to our ad partners. This simple ID that can be utilized to improve user matching, especially for delivering ads to iOS and MacOS browsers. Users can opt out of the Common ID tracking cookie by clicking
here
.
Advertising Privacy Settings
FOR EU USERS ONLY: When you use our site, pre-selected companies may access and use certain information on your device and about your interests to serve ads or personalized content. You may revisit or change consent-choices at any time by clicking
here
.
All or partial advertising on this Website or App is managed by Playwire LLC. If Playwire publisher advertising services are used, Playwire LLC may collect and use certain aggregated and anonymized data for advertising purposes. To learn more about the types of data collected, how data is used and your choices as a user, please visit
https://www.playwire.com/privacy-policy
.
VI. Data Security and Storage
We use industry standard security measures to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. However, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent "hackers" from illegally obtaining this information. We will store and maintain your personal information for as long as necessary (i) for the purposes for which it was collected, (ii) to meet our current and future legal obligations, including compliance with our records retention practices, and (iii) as permitted to meet our legitimate interests. Our Service is hosted in the United States and we maintain your information in the United States and elsewhere on the cloud. If you are outside the United States, you agree to have your data transferred to and processed in the United States and elsewhere. When we transfer personal data outside of the European Economic Area, we ensure an adequate level of protection for the rights of data subjects based on the adequacy of the receiving country's data protection laws and contractual obligations placed on the recipient of the data. A copy of these safeguards may be made available by writing to us at the address provided in the Contact Information section below.
VII. Access to Your Personal Information
If you wish to obtain a copy of your personal information, please email support@corp.mocospace.com or
contact us here
. In order to protect the data of others, requests will only be honored that come from the email used to set up your account on our Service.
VIII. Deletion of Your Personal Information
You may delete your account at any time, and your personal information will be deleted in the normal course of business pursuant to our current data retention practices. You may request to have all your personal information deleted by emailing support@corp.mocospace.com or
contacting us here
. We will comply with all deletion requests to the extent permissible by law and will not delete data that we are legally required to maintain (such as data subject to a current and valid preservation order or transaction data required for audit or substantiation purposes).
IX. California Resident Rights
Notice of Right to Know About Information Collected.
California residents have the right to request certain information about whether we collect, use, disclose and sell personal information about them, and to request to know the personal information that we have. To make such a request, please contact us by mail at JNJ Mobile Inc., 6 Liberty Sq PMB 96493, Boston MA 02109, by email at support@corp.mocospace.com or
contact us here
. Please be advised that we will verify all such requests prior to providing any personal information by requiring you to respond to an email sent to the email you used when making your request. Please be advised that we are only required to respond to two requests per user each year. These reports will be provided free of charge.
Notice of Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information.
If you are a California resident and a registered user of the Service, you may request the deletion of personal information we have collected from you. To make such a request, please contact us by mail at JNJ Mobile Inc., 6 Liberty Sq PMB 96493, Boston MA 02109, by email at support@corp.mocospace.com or
contact us here
. Please be advised that we will verify all such requests prior to providing any personal information by requiring you to respond to an email sent to the email you used when making your request.
Notice of Right to Opt Out of the "Sale" of Personal Information.
California residents have the right to request that we not sell their personal information to third parties, as those terms are defined by California Civil Code Section 1798.140. This can be done by clicking on the "Do Not Sell My Info" links available on our Website our Apps, or by selecting Privacy Settings under the My Stuff / Settings menu. Users must be logged on to use these links. Alternatively, you may request that we stop selling your personal information by contacting by us via mail at JNJ Mobile Inc., 6 Liberty Sq PMB 96493, Boston MA 02109, by email at support@corp.mocospace.com or
contact us here
.
In the past twelve months, we have "sold" the following personal information of users for the purpose of delivering customized advertising to our users: Location, Advertising ID, Gender, Age.
Nondiscrimination.
We will not discriminate against California residents who exercise their privacy rights.
Authorized Agent.
California residents may use an authorized agent to make requests on their behalf. We require the authorized agent to provide us with proof of the California resident's written permission (for example, a power of attorney) that shows the authorized agent has the authority to submit a request for the California resident. In addition to providing this proof, the authorized agent must follow the appropriate process described above to make a request.
California Shine the Light Law.
Under California's "Shine the Light" law, California residents who provide Personal Information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information shared, the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year, and descriptions of the likely types of marketing the third parties would send.
To obtain this information, please contact us by mail at JNJ Mobile Inc., 6 Liberty Sq PMB 96493, Boston MA 02109, by email at support@corp.mocospace.com or
contact us here
with "Request for California Privacy Information" on the subject line and in the body of your message. If you are a California resident, we will provide the requested information to you at your email address in response. Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the "Shine the Light" requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.
Our California Do Not Track Notice.
Where possible, we make an effort to take appropriate action with respect to web browser "do not track" signals or other mechanisms that provide users the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personal information about that user's online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services. We may allow third parties, such as companies that provide us with analytics tools, to collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different apps or web sites when you use our Service.
X. Nevada Privacy Rights
We do not sell consumers' covered information for monetary consideration (as defined in Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes). However, if you are a Nevada resident, you have the right to submit a request directing us not to sell your personal information. To submit such a request, please contact us by mail at JNJ Mobile Inc., 6 Liberty Sq PMB 96493, Boston MA 02109, by email at support@corp.mocospace.com or
contact us here
XI. European Economic Area Residents
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, you have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion, restrict processing, object to processing, or request porting of your personal information, you can do so at any time by emailing us at support@corp.mocospace.com or
contacting us here
. Please see sections VII and VIII above for more information.
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the marketing emails we send you. You can manage your account settings and email marketing preferences in the Settings section.
Similarly, if we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent (such as for advertising), then you can withdraw your consent at any time in the Settings section. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. Please note that if you opt-out of having your data shared with advertisers, you will still see ads, they just will not be tailored to your interests.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right to keep any information in our archives that we deem necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
XII. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect new or changed features and services, changes in the law, or changes in our use or collection of personal information. We display an effective date on this Privacy Policy so you can tell when there has been a change. If we make a change regarding our use or disclosure of personal information (date of birth, first or last name, physical address, phone number, email address, or location), we will provide a notice when you open our Service. If you object to any terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy or any subsequent changes or you become dissatisfied with our Service or Moco in any way, your only option is to delete your account. Your continued use of our Service after we post a revised Privacy Policy means that you agree to the revisions.
XIII. Language
This Privacy Policy was written in English. If you are reading a translation and it conflicts with the English version, please note that the English version controls.
Our Contact Information
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Email: support@corp.mocospace.com
Mail: JNJ Mobile Inc., 6 Liberty Sq PMB 96493, Boston MA 02109
Phone: 1-877-323-4815
English
Español
English
Mobile Site
Rooms
Meet People
Help
Terms
Privacy
Do Not Sell My Info
Safety
Developers
App Store
Google Play
©2005-2025
JNJ Mobile, Inc
All rights reserved.