See our full list of games
Fruit Ninja 2
Dan The Man
Jetpack Joyride 2
Monster Dash
Last updated on 5 March 2021
Thank you for playing our game and taking an interest in privacy! This is our privacy notice. It sets out how Halfbrick handles your personal data. If you download/play our games, you agree to this privacy statement which also forms part of our
Terms of Use
.
Kids:
Remember to be smart and safe online! Never give someone your information without first asking your parent/guardian if it is OK. Don't give anyone your photo, or tell anyone your name, email, home address, telephone, your school or any other information about you that they could use to contact you either online or in the real world.
If you want to enter one of our competitions, make sure you ask permission from your parent/guardian before you enter.
Parents: We are committed to the safety and privacy of the children who use our Services. We encourage parents/guardians to actively monitor their children's online activities. See more information below about children's privacy and our Child Safe Apps.
‍
1. What Information Do We Collect?
1.1 Information You Give To Us
We receive and store any information you give to us, such as when you:
download, update and play our games;
enter our competitions;
are involved in our special events (e.g. focus testing days);
interact with us via social media such as Facebook, Twitter, Twitch, YouTube, Instagram, Reddit and Discord;
enter information on our Website;
purchase our merchandise;
subscribe to our newsletters or other information feeds;
purchase Services through an online store;
make an in-app purchase;
request technical support, make a compliment or complaint, or otherwise contact us directly; or
give us your information in another way.
1.2 Information Collected Automatically
We receive and store certain types of information automatically when you interact with us, such as:
information about how you use our Services. We use this information to design new Services, improve our games, provide social features and to deliver our Services to you;
when you sign-in to our games with Facebook, Twitter, Game Center or other platform providers, we gather from that provider your basic profile information such as name, age-range, your profile photo and friends list;
information about the device you use to access our Services such as its make & model, operating system version, platform, language, time zone, device carrier, applications installed and IP address;
cookies: You can disable cookies through your web or phone browser settings but you may find that you are not able to enjoy all of the features of our Services if you do so;
the advertising ID for your device. You can reset the advertising ID at any time through your device settings.
your general location location (ie. city/country) based on your IP Address, so we know what language to use and so that we can provide Services that are applicable to your location; and
if you "tell a friend," "email this page," or use another similar features, we will collect information to perform this feature for you.
1.3 Information From Third Parties
Sometimes we collect information about you from third parties, such as
Apple
,
Amazon
,
Facebook
, or
Google
. We collect this information so that we can deliver
Services
you have requested. We collect this information:
when you purchase our Services via the App Store, Google Play Store, or other Storefront;
if you log into our Services through a social media account (such as
Facebook
) we will collect your basic profile information such as your name, current profile picture, age-range, and your friend list, this lets you interact with your friends who are also using our Services; and
when you use in-app features such as Game Center we will collect information such as your user name and your gameplay information.
‍
2. How Do We Use Your Information?
How we use your personal data
So you can play our games
Enjoyable games are a complex business. We work with vendors and partners who give us the technical abilities that let you play and enjoy our games, and to run the business that supports those games.
For product support, development and improvement
We use personal data to provide customer support, to improve our games, and to develop new games. We use personal data for playtesting as well as customer and market insight.
To provide advertisements to you
We use personal data to provide advertisements to you, both in our games and via related platforms. Sometimes we use personal data to deliver ads based on your interests.
To market our products to you
We use personal data to market our games to you such as by email, social media, push-notifications and other methods.
To perform our own analytics
We perform analytics on personal data we hold for business analysis and operations, business intelligence, product development and improvement, personalizing content, providing advertising, and making recommendations.
We may combine information about you that we have collected from multiple sources
When we share your personal data
To deliver advertising to you
We share your advertising ID with our advertising partners. We may also share demographic information about you, and your likes and interests, to allow our partners to provide more relevant advertising to you.
To better understand our customers
We may share your personal data with our analytics & attribution partners. This allows us to better understand our customer base and improve product development and revenues. Our analytics & attribution partners may combine the personal data we provide to them with information about you from other companies, to create richer more meaningful data sets.
To help us run our business
We provide your personal data to partners who assist us run our business, such as hosting providers, platforms, and payment processors. We also work with certain partners, such as other game developers and advertising partners, and information collected from you may be shared through these partnerships.
When you access social media when playing our games
When you play our games you can choose to access social media platforms such Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Game Center and others. If you choose to connect with these platforms, we will share certain personal data with them to enable your access. Halfbrick doesn’t control how you interact with these platforms and you should ensure that you agree to their terms of use and privacy policies.
2.1 When Do We Disclose Information
We may disclose the personal information we hold about you in the following circumstances:
if we are required or authorised to disclose by law or by a law enforcement agency;
to our business partners in the course of providing our Services to you, or generally in the conduct of our business. This may include organisations who provide services to us, such as advertising, payment processors or hosting services. Please see below for more information about third party services; and
to avoid, lessen or prevent a serious emergency or crime. If we use or disclose personal information about you in those circumstances we will make a written record of such use or disclosure.
2.2 Childrens' Privacy
Child Safe Apps
If your Halfbrick game is labelled a Child Safe App, it was built with child safety as a priority. Our Child Safe Apps have no advertising, no data collection, no in-app purchases and no links to external sites or apps.
If you permit your child to use one of our Services that is not labelled a Child Safe App, you should disable in-app purchases on your phone and actively monitor your child’s use. You should also familiarise yourself with this privacy policy, as by permitting your child to use our Services you consent to this privacy policy on their behalf. If you don’t agree, please do not permit your child to use our Services.
We do not knowingly contact or collect information from children under 13 without the permission of their parent/guardians. If you believe that we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental/guardian consent or delete the information.
2.3 Apple Arcade
Halfbrick games included in the Apple Arcade contain no advertising, no in-app purchases.
Game progress and save information is collected and stored by Apple on iCloud. You may optout by switching of iCloud data storage in the Apple settings page for our game.
If you opt into use Apple Game Center, your scores and achievements will be collected and stored by Apple. We do not have access to this information. You can switch off Game Center at any time by signing out of Game Center in the settings menu of your device.
2.4 Third Party Services
When you use our Services, you might also use third party services, such as Facebook, Twitter and Game Center. We do not control how they interact with you and you should ensure that you consent to the terms of use and privacy policies offered by the third party services before providing them with your information.
You acknowledge that we are not liable when third party services use information you provide to them.
We encourage you to be careful about the protection of your own personal information when using third party services such as social media platforms.
We also work with certain business partners, such as other game developers and advertising partners, and information collected from you may be shared through these partnerships.
Some of our business partners are outside Australia. Below is a list of some, but not all, business partners that we actively share user information and site usage data with (this list is subject to change):
AdColony.
Located in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy
;
Admob (Google).
Located in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy
;
AppLovin.
Located in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy
;
Campaign Monitor.
Based in Australia with servers in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy
;
Chartboost.
Located in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy
;
Facebook.
Located in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy
;
Helpshift.
Located in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy;
HyprMX.
Located in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy;
ironSource.
Located in Israel.
Read their Privacy Policy;
Mech Mocha.
Developers of Jetpack Joyride India. Located in India.
Read their Privacy Policy;
MoPub (Twitter).
Located in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy;
OneTrust.
Located in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy;
UnityAds.
Headquartered in the United States with offices throughout the Americas, Asia and Europe.
Read their Privacy Policy
;
Upsight.
Located in United States, United Kingdom and Canada.
Read their Privacy Policy
; and
Vungle.
Located in United States, United Kingdom, Germany and China.
Read their Privacy Policy.
2.5 Marketing, In-app Purchases & Opting-Out
2.5.1 Direct Marketing
Sometimes we will use your information to tell you about our Services and our news, such as new games we are launching, events we are running, or merchandise we sell. You can opt-out if you don’t want to receive this information.
2.5.2 In-app Purchase
Some of our games offer in-app purchases. Examples of in-app purchases are items you can purchase (for real or in-game currency) or other additional features. If you don’t want to make in-app purchases, don’t use these paid-for options and consider disabling in-app purchases on your device.
2.5.3 Advertising ID
Understanding our players is fundamental to creating a fun game that our fans want to play. An advertising ID is a unique ID which gives users better controls and provides developers with a simple, standard system to continue to monetize their apps and ensure customers and given advertising for products and services which match their interests. You can reset your ID at any time via the settings on your mobile device. Collecting your advertising ID helps us understand what your interests are and how we can tailor your experience to match.
Apple iOS
You may reset your device’s Advertising Identifier, which will result in your device being disassociated from ad targeting profiles based on the Advertising Identifier in effect prior to reset. You can do this by clicking on Settings -> Privacy -> Advertising -> Reset Advertising Identifier.
Google Android
You can reset your advertising ID by clicking the menu icon to display the apps list, then find and select the Google Settings icon, then find and select "Ads" and selecting "Reset advertising ID".
2.5.4 Opting-out
Ways to opt-out of our Services:
if we send you an email, there will be an unsubscribe link;
if we post updates via
Facebook
you can 'unlike' our page and you will no longer get updates;
if you receive one of our 'tweets' you can stop following us on
Twitter
; or
if we use another type of social media you can opt-out using that service.
If you need help opting-out please contact us at
support@halfbrick.com
2.6 Storage, Security & Data Retention
We store information on servers in Australia, United States, Singapore and Germany.
Halfbrick uses a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. Retention policies vary by the type of information and the lifecycle of the related game. We try to delete or deidentify data when we no longer require it.
2.7 Access, Correction & Deletion
We make reasonable efforts to keep personal information and platform data up to date, including data that has been modified or deleted.
You may request access to your personal information and platform data at any time by sending a written request to our Privacy Officer by mail at Halfbrick Studios Pty Ltd, PO Box 172, Red Hill, Queensland, 4059, Australia, by submitting an in game support ticket or by emailing
privacy@halfbrick.com
.
If your information changes, let us know so that we can update our records. If you would like us to delete your collected data, please contact us by submitting a support request to
support@halfbrick.com
. Please note data deletion requests can take up to 28 to 30 depending on your location and appropriate legal requirements.
‍
3. Complaints
If you have any concerns or complaints about your privacy please contact us by:
Submitting a request through the in game support
Sending a written request to our Privacy Officer by mail at:
Halfbrick Studios Pty Ltd
PO Box 172, Red Hill
Queensland 4059, Australia
Our Privacy Officer will respond to your complaint within a reasonable time after we receive it, provided you supply return contact details. If you do not provide return contact details, we will be unable to respond to your complaint, although we will consider its content.
‍
4. Updates to this Policy
We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. These updates, will take effect from the date of issue on our website at
halfbrick.com
. Please check back regularly for updates.
‍
5. Definitions
Advertising ID
A unique ID that is generated for your device to track activity by advertising companies to improve their service in game. This is also known as Interest Based Advertising. You may be able to opt-out of this feature on some platforms. You may also be able to reset your advertising ID on your device.
‍
Analytics
Interpretation and interpolation of unidentified data to predict and isolate trends relating to game play and app use.
‍
Child Safe App
Fruit Ninja Academy: Math Master
‍
In-app purchase
An in-game system that allows exchanging real money for virtual goods or in-game currency.
‍
IP Address (Internet Protocol Address)
A unique string of numbers separated by full stops or commas that identifies each computer using the Internet Protocol to communicate over a network. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks.
‍
Halfbrick ("us")
Halfbrick Studios Pty Ltd ACN 109 693 227 its assignees, licensees, successors in title and subsidiaries.
‍
Services
Services offered by us and includes our games, websites and related services.
‍
Storefront
An online business presence for sales. We work with Apple's App Store, Google Play and Amazon Appstore storefronts as our primary storefronts for sales but our games are also available on Windows Store, Xbox Marketplace and many others.
‍
Terms of Service
Rules and conduct standards that are defined that one must comply with to use the service.
‍
Third party services
Services provided by a provider that is not owned or controlled by
Halfbrick.
We want to encourage and facilitate exciting, open and honest discussions in a safe and comfortable online environment. To make this an enjoyable and respectful forum, we will review all comments and we reserve the right to remove comments, at our discretion, where we feel that they are inappropriate or offensive or do not comply with our
House Rules
or
Facebook's Terms
.
If you wish to contribute to the vibrant conversations through our page there are some simple but important rules set out below. We ask that you consider these when you visit us and please comment or post responsibly:
Be accurate and honest.
Please do no post misleading or inappropriate statements about us, our products and our people. Share your enthusiasm, but make sure you speak honestly and from your own experience.
Keep it light
and only be critical if you have your facts straight. We welcome your feedback, both positive and negative, and will endeavour to respond to your comments.
Be clean, not obscene.
Don't post offensive material relating to sex, race, marital status, political or religious conviction, disability or sexual preference.
Use your common sense and stay out of trouble.
Monitor and control your language. Be careful with how you portray people. Do not post sexualised images of children. Do not encourage violence. Do not use offensive photos or images. If you are unsure, leave it out.
Don't include any personal or sensitive information
(such as your email address, bank account details, birthday, home address, phone number, driver's license, or tax file number) in your posts or comments. Also, make sure you understand and are familiar with the terms of our privacy policy.
Don't infringe other people's intellectual property
. Give credit where credit is due and obtain consent for use where appropriate.
Don't clog up the conversation with spam.
That means no repeat posts or unsolicited ads please.
Be socially aware
, sensitive and keep a world view when participating in online conversations. Remember that local posts are published globally. Whilst your post might be relevant and correct in one country it could be considered illegal and inaccurate in another.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/:
Notice at Collection and Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: October 2023.
We at Digital Turbine, Inc. (“
Digital Turbine
,” “
we
,” “
us,
” or “
our
”) put great efforts into making sure that we secure personal information related to you and use it properly.
The notice at collection (“
Notice at Collection
”) and privacy policy (“
Policy
,” and collectively: the “
Notices
”) provided on this page explain our privacy practices for processing personal information related to you when you use our website at
www.digitalturbine.com
(the “
Website
”).
The term “
personal information
” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. For example, personal information is your name, email address, telephone number, and other contact details that you submit to us or that we collect from your mobile device or app.
These Notices apply to visitors to our Website (“
Customers
”).
The summary of this policy will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use our Website.
The Policy Summary below will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. The first six headings in the summary also serve as the Notice at Collection.
Notice at Collection and Summary of the Policy
Categories of personal information you provide us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. If you register for our newsletter blog or fill out any form on our Website, we will collect your name, company name, and work email address.
Read More
Categories of personal information that we collect
We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information, including IP addresses and user agents. We collect session durations and additional activity information.
Read More below
Categories of sensitive personal information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws), we do not knowingly collect such data, and we require that you do not provide us with such data.
Read More below
What do we do with personal information?
We maintain the Website, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Website from misuse and law violations.
Read More below
Who do we disclose, share, or sell personal information with or to?
We use service providers, for example, to send email messages and to store data. We will transfer personal information when we change our corporate structure and share the information with our affiliate entities. We will also obey authorities’ orders and other lawful requirements to disclose information.
Read More below
How long do we retain personal information?
We retain personal information for the length of time required to provide the Website and/or the newsletter or blog to the extent you signed up to either one and for legitimate and lawful purposes, as further explained in the
data retention section
of this policy.
Read More below
Your choices and rights
General:
We will give you various choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices. You can stop using the Website, newsletter, or blog at any time or request that your subscription be terminated, following which we will stop collecting personal information related to you. You also have rights under applicable laws, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
US Laws:
In addition to your rights under other sections of the Policy, if you are a United States resident, you have additional rights applicable to processing personal information related to you, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
Exercising your rights
You can terminate your subscription to our newsletter or blog or request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirming the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
You can request to exercise any of the rights detailed under this policy by contacting us.
Suppose you are a resident of the United States. In that case, you can also exercise your rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you by visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Aggregated and analytical information.
Aggregated data is not identifiable. We use it for legitimate business purposes and standard analytical tools.
Read More below
Specific provisions for U.S. residents
Suppose you reside in the United States (U.S.). In that case, further terms apply to our processing about your rights as a data subject under U.S. state laws governing the protection of privacy and personal information, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2022 (CPRA).
Read More below
Transfer of Personal information outside your territory
We keep personal information related to you in the United States and will store it at additional sites at our discretion. Our service providers provide us with adequate security and confidentiality commitments.
Read More below
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We use cookies to make it easier to log in and facilitate any website activity.
Read More below
Information Security
We implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
Read More below
Dispute Resolution
Contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Read More below
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update our policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
Read More below
Incorporation of the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine’s
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other Digital Turbine service subscription agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us.
Read More below
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
for further information.
Read More below
The Digital Turbine Website Privacy Policy
Categories of Personal Information That You Provide Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. For example, when you contact us via the Website, we receive any information you provide.
When you contact us to apply for a job with us, you provide us with personal information related to you, which we process for recruitment and general HR purposes.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Like many websites, we use “cookies” (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
), and we obtain information when your browser accesses our Website.
We also receive information about your online activity from third-party analytics services when you use the Website. For more information, please see this policy’s “Aggregated and Analytical Information” section.
Examples of such information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login, e-mail address, device and connection information such as browser type, version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
What Do We Do with Personal Information?
We use personal information related to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Website, newsletter, or blog you may have registered to or to contact you if you filled out a form requesting us to do so;
to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Website, such as electronic newsletters, blogs, or promotional emails;
to solicit your feedback and provide support;
to maintain the Website and to continue developing and making it better;
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use personal information related to you to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of our Website, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We commit to process personal information related to you solely for the purposes described in this policy.
Who do we Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information related to you with?
We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information related to you.
Personal information related to you is shared with certain employees, external consultants, and our affiliates, who are all governed by this Policy.
We also share personal information related to you with our vendors worldwide and third-party service providers that process your personal information on our behalf. Such vendors and service providers are contractually bound to keep personal information related to you confidential and appropriately secure.
A merger, acquisition, or any other structural change will require us to transfer personal information related to you to another entity as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this policy.
We will share personal information related to you only subject to the terms of this policy or subject to your prior consent.
We will need to disclose personal information related to you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How__Long
How Long Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain different types of personal information related to you for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under applicable law.
We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. You can contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them if necessary and for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will retain personal information related to you after you have left our Website if retention is reasonably necessary to resolve disputes between our users, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable, we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information when we no longer need to process the information.
In any case, we will keep information about you for as long as you use our Website unless applicable law requires us to delete it or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Your Choices and Rights
General
‍
The section below applies to all Users, regardless of which laws apply to processing personal information related to them.
We will give you choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices.
We will send newsletters or promotional communications to our users. To unsubscribe to these communications, you must click an “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirm the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
We collect and receive personal information related to you that we need for the purposes described in this policy. You can stop using our Website at any time; thereafter, we will stop collecting personal information related to you. However, as detailed above, we will store and continue to use or make available certain personal information related to you.
You may request that your account be terminated and that personal information related to you be deleted by contacting us. Any termination of your account will involve deleting your account information from our live databases and storing all the information and data for such an account.
You may request a copy of the personal information related to you that we store about you by contacting us. You may also request that we transfer personal information related to you or provide you with copies of such personal information to enable its transfer to a third party.
When we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. Although we will deactivate your account, we will continue to retain the personal information related to you for legitimate business purposes as set forth above.
Web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signal. A DNT signal is an HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on our Website or through cross-site user tracking. Our Website does not respond to DNT signals.
Additional Rights Applicable to United States Residents
In addition to your rights under the general section above, if you are a resident of the United States (“
US
”), you are also entitled to the following specific rights under federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information and Privacy (“
US Privacy Laws
”), regarding personal information related to you:
Access and Data Portability
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of personal information related to you over the past 12 months. Upon verification of your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information;
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed that particular category of personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you;
Suppose we disclose personal information related to you for a business purpose. In that case, we will provide you with a list identifying the personal information categories each recipient obtained.
Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information related to you. Upon confirmation of your request, we will delete personal information related to you from our records unless an exception applies. Note that when we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. We will continue to retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, as set forth under the section titled
“Specific Provisions for US Residents”
in this policy.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing
. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you or otherwise the use of such data for targeted advertising or profiling for the purpose of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As detailed above, we do not sell or share personal information. Still, we do engage third parties that collect personal information on our Website to provide us with services that, although they do not pay us for collecting information, the right granted to them may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing. You can opt out of such processing at any time by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Non-discrimination
. You also have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under US Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to personal information related to you, please send us an email to
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can stop using the Website at any time.
You may also control what personal information we collect from your device by changing the permissions settings on your browser or mobile device.
You may request to exercise the rights detailed under this section by submitting your request to us by emailing
privacy@digitalturbine.com.
Note that only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to personal information related to you. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-month period.
Also note that your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it properly.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information related to you. We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 30 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. Our response will also explain why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such a decision and provide a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not require that you create an account to exercise your rights under this Policy, and we will not increase the cost or decrease the availability of our Website based solely on the fact that you have chosen to exercise one of your rights.
After receiving our reply, you can appeal against our decision by contacting us. We will review your appeal and provide you with our answer and our explanation of the reasons for our decision(s) within 60 days of receiving it. We will also provide you with a link (to the extent available) where you can submit a complaint with the relevant Attorney General or Supervisory Authority, as applicable.
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics, and we will use additional or other analytics tools from time to time to learn how you and other users use our Website to support its related activities and operations.
The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
.
We use anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically with you.
Specific Provisions for United States Residents
This section applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the US.
Any terms defined under US Privacy Laws have the same meaning when used in this section.
Additionally, as used under this section and the rest of this Policy, personal information is defined under applicable US Privacy Laws.
This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of this policy.
We have collected the personal information related to you described above under the sections titled “
Categories of Personal Information You Provide Us
” and “
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect
” of this Policy. Such Information consists of the following categories:
Identifiers and personal information categories are listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Website.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data, namely your physical location or movements.
Inferences are drawn from any of the above-mentioned information.
We obtain the categories of personal information related to you listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from you and your activity on the Website.
Third parties such as reliable service providers.
We use the personal information related to you that we collect or receive for the purposes mentioned under the section “
What Do We Do With Personal Information
?” of this Policy.
We disclose personal information related to you to third parties for business purposes as described above under the section titled “
Who Do We Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information With?
”.
We do not sell personal information related to you.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws). We do not knowingly collect or allow others to collect sensitive personal information about you, and we require you not to provide us with any such data.
Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We do not sell or share personal information. However, we engage third parties to provide services such as analytics, marketing automation, and user experience and allow them to collect personal information on our Website.
We do not knowingly sell or share consumers’ personal information of children under 16 years of age.
The categories of personal information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities, and inferences drawn from such activities.
These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information. Still, the right granted to them to collect personal information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt out of collecting personal information from our service providers by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Storing of Personal Information in the United States
In the United States, we store and process information from our Website, including personal information, either directly or using third parties, such as data hosting service providers. Digital Turbine has data centers in the United States.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to ensure our Website is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Information Security
Digital Turbine is committed to ensuring the security of personal information. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security.
However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable. Although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Website will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Dispute Resolution
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices to ensure that we comply with this policy, update the policy when we believe that we need to, and verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about how we process personal information related to you, you are welcome to contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write to us.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor, if any, consequences, they will take effect 14 days after we post a notice on the Website. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy, you can choose not to accept it and stop using our Website. Continuing to use the Website after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
Incorporation to the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other service agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us or any of our corporate affiliates.
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to get in touch with us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://www.applovin.com/privacy:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.campaignmonitor.com/privacy/:
403 Forbidden
nginx
Sub-policy 5
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Notice
You must log in to continue.
Log Into Facebook
You must log in to continue.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 6
https://www.helpshift.com/legal/privacy/:
Skip to content
Privacy Notice
Effective date:
8 July 2023
Last Updated:
19 August 2024
For the previous version of our Privacy Notice, click
here
Table of Contents
Helpshift, Inc (“Helpshift”, “we”, “us” or “our”) is a subsidiary of Keywords Studios Group (“Keywords”, “we”, “us” or “our”). We know that you care about how your Personal Data is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. When we reference Personal Data, we mean any information which Keywords has or obtains or which an individual provides to us from which that individual can be directly or indirectly personally identified or as that term (or similar term) is defined under applicable law.
Accordingly, we have implemented this Privacy Notice to inform you of the information that we collect from you when you visit our website,
www.keywordsstudios.com
, and its sub-domains, including individual websites of Keywords’ studios (the “Website”), or when you engage Keywords directly for its services, applications and/or their related features (the “Services”), what we do with it and how you can exercise your privacy rights. When you use our Services or our Website, your Personal Data will be handled as described in this Privacy Notice. Your use of our Services or Website, and any dispute over privacy is, where permitted under law, subject to our Terms of Use which is available on the Website, including their applicable terms governing limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes.
This Privacy Notice covers how we, at Keywords, treat and manage your Personal Data, why we use your Personal Data and how to contact us. We have identified below which of your Personal Data we collect on our own behalf. Keywords is a global company with customers and offices all around the world. As such, our approach to privacy compliance is a global one. No matter where you are located, whether in the United States, the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom (UK), Latin America, or the Asia-Pacific region, we remain committed to abiding by all applicable data privacy laws. As part of this global approach, we endeavour to adopt consistent approaches to our Personal Data processing to the extent possible however, we have identified certain regions with specific practices and we have supplemented this Privacy Notice with regional specific sections in certain instances and they can be easily accessed through the hyperlinks in the below Table of Contents.
Additionally if you are applying for a role within the Keywords organisation using the application portal on this Website, please refer to the standalone Applicant Privacy Notice.
If you have a disability, you may access this Privacy Notice in an alternative format by contacting our Privacy Team at
privacy@helpshift.com
. Our Privacy Team can also be contacted if you have any questions on this Privacy Notice in general.
1. How We Use Your Personal Data
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
This chart details the categories of Personal Data that we collect in connection with the provision of our Services to our clients. Keywords acts as a data controller with respect to this data.
Category of Personal Data
Personal Data We Collect
Profile or Contact Data
First and last name, email address, phone number, mailing address, DOB.
Online Identifiers
Unique identifiers such as email IDs.
Identifiers
Customer number.
Online Presence
Information about your active status or presence on a Keywords dashboard /
database.
Social Network Data
Email, phone number, username on the social network, IP address, Device ID.
Other Identifying Information that You Voluntarily Choose to Provide
While using our Services, you may submit or upload certain content, communications, data, attachments or files to our Services for hosting and processing by us at your discretion.
If you are an individual whose Personal Data is being processed by Keywords in connection with a service being provided to you by a third party, then we are acting as a data processor or service provider on behalf of such company and you should contact the company (our customer) that provided you access to the Services to address your rights with respect to such data and they will respond to you accordingly. Our privacy practices in such cases will be governed by the contract that we have in place with the company. We will then endeavour to provide assistance to our customers to address concerns you may have in accordance with the terms of our contract with such customer. A common example of where we process Personal Data in such a manner is in connection with our player support services where an individual may have submitted a support request (which may include Personal Data such as a name, email address, user ID, etc.) to a company that uses our customer support technology or services however in such circumstances, the company should be contacted and we can assist with such communications to the extent possible.
The following chart details the categories of Personal Data that we collect through your usage of our Website or other Keywords’ websites including
https://labs.keywordsstudios.com/
. Keywords acts as a data controller with respect to this data.
Category of Personal Data
Personal Data We Collect
Profile or Contact Data
First and last name, email address, phone number, mailing address.
Online Identifiers
Unique identifiers such as email IDs.
Device / IP data
IP address, device ID, type of device/operating system/browser used to access the Website.
Web Analytics
Browsing or search history, web page interactions (including with ads). Referring webpage/source through which you accessed the Website. Non-identifiable request IDs, statistics associated with the interaction between device or browser and the Website pixel tags.
Social Network Data
Email, phone number, username on the social network, IP address, Device ID.
Other Identifying Information that You Voluntarily Choose to Provide
Identifying information in emails or letters or communications that you send us – when you register for or use an account, participate with Labs at Keywords Studios, request a demo, trial or further information about our Services, subscribe to marketing communications, provide your feedback, seek customer support, post comments on our blog, sign up to our events or webinars, you may provide certain information to us such as your name, email address, contact details, company name, job role, and the nature of your request or communication. We may also collect Personal Data from you offline, such as when you attend one of our events, during phone calls with sales representatives or support staff.
Note: Where you are engaging with Keywords through our studios Player Research and Digital Media Management, more information on how your Personal Data is used can be found on their specific privacy notices that can be accessed through the following links:
Player Research:
https://www.playerresearch.com/privacy-policy/
; and
Digital Media Management:
https://digitalmediamanagement.com/privacy-policy/
.
Categories of Sources of Personal Data
We collect Personal Data about you from the following categories of sources:
You
When you provide such information directly to us. This may occur:
When you use our interactive tools, this Website, other Websites and/or Services.
When you voluntarily provide information in free-form text boxes through the Services or through responses to surveys or questionnaires.
When you send us an email or otherwise contact us.
When you use the Website and/or Services and such information is collected automatically, for example:
Through Cookies (defined in our
Cookie Notice
which is available on the Website).
If you download one of our mobile applications or use a location-enabled browser, we may receive information about your location and mobile device, as applicable.
If you download and install certain applications and software that we make available, we may receive and collect information transmitted from your computing device for the purpose of providing you the relevant Website and/or Services.
Third Parties
Social Networks:
If you provide your social network account credentials to us or otherwise sign-in to the Services through a third-party site or service, some content and/or information in those accounts may be transmitted into your account with us.
If you are from a region that requires a legal basis for processing personal data (such as the EU or the UK), our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it but we will only process your Personal Data if we have a lawful basis for doing so. In such circumstances, the table below details how Keywords will use your Personal Data for our commercial or business purposes (“Purposes”) and the context for which we use your Personal Data (“Legal Basis”).
Where  required for performance of a contract with you
Legal Basis
We may obtain, collect and process your Personal Data where necessary to perform a contract or to enter into a contract at your request with Keywords.
Purpose
We process your Personal Data for our customers as a matter of “contractual necessity”, meaning that we need to process the data to provide you with the Services. When we process data due to contractual necessity, failure to provide such Personal Data will result in your inability to use some or all portions of the Services that require such data.
Where use is for a legitimate purpose of Keywords
Legal Basis
We may obtain, collect and process your Personal Data where we have a legitimate interest to do so as the data controller.
Purpose
Providing, Customizing and Improving the Website and/or Services
Providing you with the products, Services or information you request.
Providing Services to our clients.Meeting or fulfilling the reason you provided the information to us.
Providing support and assistance for the Website and/or Services and processing transactions and orders.
Setting up your online account and sending you administrative or account related information.
Improving the Website and/or Services, including testing, research, internal analytics and product development.
To manage your account, for customer relationship management, to provide support and other related services.
Personalising the Website and/or Services, Website content and communications based on your preferences.
To obtain your feedback or user experience.Doing fraud protection, security and debugging.
To identify trends and address Service issues.
To maintain security and identify any server problems or other IT or network issues.
For other legitimate business purposes such as audits, for marketing and customer relationships, record keeping, business planning and management.
For business transactions such as a merger, restructuring or a sale.
Carrying out other business purposes stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”).
Marketing the Services in accordance with your preferences, marketing and selling the Services.
Corresponding with YouResponding to correspondence that we receive from you, contacting you when necessary or requested, and sending you information about Keywords or the Services.
Sending emails and other communications according to your preferences or that display content that we think will interest you.
For compliance with Keywords’ legal obligations, including:
Legal Basis
We may obtain, collect and process your Personal Data when it is necessary in order to comply with legal obligations imposed under applicable EU Member State, European Union law or UK law.
Purpose
We obtain, collect and process your Personal Data for:
Fulfilling our legal obligations under applicable law, regulation, court order or other legal process, such as preventing, detecting and investigating security incidents and potentially illegal or prohibited activities.
Protecting the rights, property or safety of you, Keywords or another party.
Enforcing any agreements with you.Resolving disputes.
Where necessary to establish, exercise or defend Keywords legal rights or for the purpose of legal proceedings
Where you have provided your consent to us using the Personal Data for a particular purpose. If you give consent for Keywords to use your Personal Data for a particular purpose, you have the right at any time to withdraw consent to the future use of that Personal Data for some or all of those purposes by writing to the address specified below. (See Contact Us).
Where required by applicable data privacy laws, we will only use your Personal Data for the purposes for which we collect it (as outlined above), unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your Personal Data for any other reasonable purposes in connection with our engagement with you, the Purpose and Legal Basis for any further processing will be notified in advance from time to time.
2. How We Share Your Personal Data
We disclose your Personal Data to the categories of service providers and other parties listed in this section. Depending on state laws that may be applicable to you, some of these disclosures may constitute a “sale” of your Personal Data. For more information, please refer to the state-specific sections below.
Service Providers
We will share Personal Data with our service providers or other entities acting as Keywords’ agents or data processors for the purposes of providing services to Keywords and on the understanding that Personal Data will be processed in line with legal obligations imposed. These parties help us to provide the Website and/or Services or to perform business functions on our behalf. They include hosting, technology and communication providers.
Customers
We will share Personal Data with our customers to enable them to carry out the obligations under the contract that we have with our customers and other commercial partners where agreed.  Note that we will only share your Personal Data with the specific customer that contracted with Keywords to make the Services available unless otherwise agreed.
Legal Obligations
We may share any Personal Data where this is required by law or regulation, or court or administrative order having force of law, or where required by any of Keywords’ regulators.
Business Transfers
All of your Personal Data that we collect may be transferred to a different entity, and our legal or other advisors, if we undergo, or evaluate, a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other transaction (or proposed transaction) in which that entity assumes control of our business or assets of our business (in whole or in part).
Data that is Not Personal Data
We may create aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data from the Personal Data that we collect, including by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to a particular user. We may use such aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze, build and improve the Services and promote our business, provided that we will not share such data in a manner that could identify you.
3. Transfers of Personal Data
We may create aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data from the Personal Data that we collect, including by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to a particular user. We may use such aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze, build and improve the Services and promote our business, provided that we will not share such data in a manner that could identify you.
Many of the countries will be within the EEA or will be ones which the European Commission has approved and will have data privacy laws which are the same as or broadly equivalent to those in the European Union. However, some transfers may be to countries which do not have equivalent protections, and, in that case, Keywords will use reasonable efforts to implement contractual protections for the Personal Data. While this may not always be possible, any transfers will be done in accordance with applicable data privacy laws, including through the implementation of appropriate or suitable safeguards, including Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission, in accordance with such applicable data privacy laws. In particular, Keywords is a party to an Intra-Group Data Transfer Agreement which governs the transfer of Personal Data across all members of the Keywords Group in a manner consistent with the requirements of the applicable data privacy laws.
4. Data Security and Retention
We seek to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use and disclosure using appropriate physical, technical, organizational and administrative security measures based on the type of Personal Data and how we are processing that Personal Data. Although we work to protect the security of your data that we hold in our records, please be aware that no method of transmitting data over the internet or storing data is completely secure.
We retain Personal Data about you for as long as necessary to provide you with our Services. In some cases, we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule or regulation. In general, Keywords (or its service providers on its behalf) will hold this information for a period of seven years after you cease to interact with us, unless we are obliged to hold it for a longer period under law or applicable regulations. We may further retain information in an anonymous or aggregated form where that information would not identify you personally.
5. Automated Decisions
Automated decisions are defined as decisions about individuals that are based solely on the automated processing of data and that produce legal effects that significantly affect the individuals involved. Keywords does not make automated decisions in relation to you or to your Personal Data. If automated decisions are made, the affected persons will be given an opportunity to express their views on the automated decision in question and to object to it.
6. Third Party Website/Services
The Website may permit you to link to other websites on the Internet, and other websites may contain links to the Website. These other websites are not under Keywords control, and such links do not constitute an endorsement by Keywords of those other websites or the services offered through them. The privacy and security practices of websites linked to or from the Service are not covered by this Privacy Notice, and Keywords is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such websites.
7. Personal Data of Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data about children under 16 years of age without specifically notifying such data subjects and their guardians that such Personal Data may be collected and processed in a specific instance. In such instances, details regarding the legal basis for such processing and any potential uses of such Personal Data will be provided. If you are a child under the age of 16, please do not attempt to register for or otherwise use the Services or send us any Personal Data. If we learn that we have incidentally collected Personal Data from a child under 16 years of age, other than for a specific purpose where they have been information of the purpose and legal basis for collection, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 16 years of age may have provided Personal Data to us, please contact us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
8. Your Rights in relation to Personal Data
Depending on the laws of the state or country in which you are located or reside, you may have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data, including those set forth below. Residents of certain states or countries may have different or additional rights, which you can find below in the state-specific sections. For more information about these rights, or to submit a request, please email us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
Access:
You may at any time request a copy of your Personal Data from Keywords. This right can be exercised by writing to us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
Rectification, Erasure & Restriction:
If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to correct any inaccuracies, and in certain circumstances, to request erasure, or restriction on the use, of your Personal Data, and to object to certain uses of your Personal Data, in each case subject to the restrictions set out in applicable data privacy laws. Further information on these rights, and the circumstances in which they may arise in connection with Keywords’ processing of Personal Data, can be obtained by writing to us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
Withdrawal of Consent:
If we are processing your Personal Data based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right to change your mind and withdraw your consent to future processing of Personal Data by writing to us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
Portability
:  You can ask for a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format. You can also request that we transmit the data to another data controller where technically feasible.
Objection
:  Where Keywords is relying on a legitimate interest, in order to use and disclose Personal Data, you may to object to such use or disclosure of your Personal Data, and we will cease to use and process the Personal Data for that purpose, unless we can show there are compelling legitimate reasons for processing to continue or we need to use the Personal Data for the purposes of legal claims.
Right to File Complaint:
You have the right to lodge a complaint about Keywords’ practices with respect to your Personal Data with the supervisory authority of your country or EU Member State. A list of Supervisory Authorities is available here:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
.
Please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your request, such as if it is frivolous or extremely impractical, if it jeopardizes the rights of others, or if it is not required by law, but in those circumstances, we will still respond to notify you of such a decision. In some cases, we may also need you to provide us with additional information, which may include Personal Data, if necessary to verify your identity and the nature of your request.
9. Philippines Residents Rights
If you are a resident of the Philippines, this section forms part of the Privacy Notice and should be read together with the other sections of the Privacy Notice. If there is any conflict between this section and the remainder of the Privacy Notice, this section shall prevail.
As a resident of the Philippines, you are entitled to the following rights:
Right to be informed:
You have the right to be informed whether Personal Data pertaining to you shall be, is being, or has been processed, including the existence of automated decision-making and profiling.
Access
:  You may at any time request a copy of your Personal Data from Keywords. This right can be exercised by writing to us at
privacy@helpshift.com
. You should be given access to information about, and obtain a copy of your Personal Data that we are processing, including information on the following where applicable:
Contents of Personal Data and categories of data that were processed;
Sources from which your Personal Data were obtained, if the data was not collected from you;
Purposes of processing;
Identities and addresses of recipients of Personal Data;
Manner by which your Personal Data was processed;
Reasons for the disclosure and purposes for granting access to the recipients of your Personal Data;
Information on automated processing, in case the data was used as the sole basis for any decision that significantly affects or will significantly affect you as a data subject;
Date when your Personal Data was last accessed or modified;
The designation, identity, and address of the data controller and/or data processor other than the Keywords;
Period for which particular categories of information will be stored; and
The designation, name or identity, and address of the Keywords’ data protection officer, if any.
Rectification & Restriction:
If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to correct any inaccuracies in, to request completion of incomplete data, and in certain circumstances, to request erasure, or restriction on the use, of your Personal Data, and to object to certain uses of your Personal Data. Further information on these rights, and the circumstances in which they may arise in connection with Keywords’ processing of Personal Data, can be obtained by writing to us at
privacy@helpshift.com
. If the Personal Data has been corrected, Keywords shall ensure the accessibility of both the new and the retracted information and the simultaneous receipt of the new and the retracted information by the intended recipients thereof, provided that recipients or other entities who have previously received such processed Personal Data shall be informed of its inaccuracy and its rectification, upon your reasonable request.
Erasure or Blocking:
You have the right to request the suspension, withdrawal, or order the blocking, removal, deletion, or destruction of your Personal Data from the Keywords’ filing system under certain circumstances, in particular when:
the Personal Data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was originally collected or otherwise processed;
you object to the processing of your data and there are no overriding legitimate interests that require continued processing;
you withdraw your consent, where provided, and there is no other legal ground for the processing;
the Personal Data is incomplete, outdated, false, or has been unlawfully processed;
the Personal Data has to be erased in order for Keywords to comply with a legal obligation. You do not have the right to request the deletion of your Personal Data when the processing of your Personal Data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims;
the Personal Data concerns private information that is prejudicial to you, unless justified by freedom of speech, of expression, or of the press or otherwise authorized;
the processing is unlawful; or
Keywords or the data processor on their behalf violated your rights as a data subject.
Keywords may notify other entities who have previously received such processed Personal Data.
Withdrawal of Consent:
If we are processing your Personal Data based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right has the right to change your mind and withdraw consent to future processing of Personal Data by writing to us at
privacy@helpshift.com
. This will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or Services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Portability
:  You can ask for a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format. You can also request that we transmit the data to another data controller, where technically feasible, in an electronic or structured format that is commonly used and allows for your further use.
Objection
:  You shall have the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data, including processing for direct marketing, automated processing or profiling. You shall also be notified and given an opportunity to withhold consent to the processing in case of changes or any amendment to the information supplied or declared to you. When you object or withhold consent, Keywords shall no longer process the Personal Data, unless: (a) the Personal Data is needed pursuant to a subpoena; (b) the collection and processing are for obvious purposes, including, when it is necessary for the performance of or in relation to a contract or service to which you are a party, or when necessary or desirable in the context of an employer-employee relationship between you and the collector; or (c) the information is being collected and processed as a result of a legal obligation.
Right to File Complaint:
You have the right to lodge a complaint about Keywords’ practices with respect to your Personal Data with the National Privacy Commission through its website:
https://www.privacy.gov.ph
.
Right to damages:
You may be entitled to compensation for damages you sustain due to such inaccurate, incomplete, outdated, false, unlawfully obtained or unauthorized use of your Personal Data, taking into account any violation of your rights and freedoms as a data subject.
10. Indian Residents Rights
If you are an Indian resident, this section forms part of the Privacy Notice and should be read together with the other sections of the Privacy Notice regardless of how you access the Services or the Website (whether by computer, mobile device, or otherwise) and regardless of whether you are a registered user or a guest. If there is any conflict between this section and the remainder of the Privacy Notice, this section shall prevail. If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following rights apply to you, please contact us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
By using the Services or the Website, you agree to the Privacy Notice. If you do not agree to the Privacy Notice, you are not authorized to use the Services or the Website as appropriate and you must cease all such use immediately.
Personal Data of Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data about or from individuals under 18 years of age in India. If you are an individual under the age of 18, please do not attempt to register for or otherwise use the Services or send us any Personal Data, and you may use the Services or send us any Personal Data only after your parent/guardian have consented to your use of the Services, on your behalf. If we learn we have collected Personal Data from an individual under 18 years of age, without consent of your parent/guardian, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that an individual under 18 years of age may have provided Personal Data to us, please contact us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
Data Security
Apart from the above mentioned Data Security practices under the Data Security and Retention section above, Keywords take all commercially reasonable steps to ensure your information is protected in alignment with all applicable laws and regulations, including by implementing various information security policies applicable to its personnel.
Consent to Collection of Personal Data
We will obtain your consent to the collection, use and/or disclosure of your Personal Data. Where there are changes to the Purposes for processing, we will obtain your consent to such changes.
11. Singapore Residents Rights
If you are based in Singapore, this section forms part of the Privacy Notice and should be read together with the other sections of the Privacy Notice. If there is any conflict between this section and the remainder of the Privacy Notice, this section shall prevail.
Consent to Collection of Personal Data
We will obtain your consent to the collection, use and/or disclosure of your Personal Data. Where there are changes to the Purposes for processing, we will obtain your consent to such changes.
Personal Data of Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data about children under 21 years of age in the Philippines. If you are a child under the age of 21, please do not attempt to register for or otherwise use the Services or the Website or send us any Personal Data. If we learn we have collected Personal Data from a child under 21 years of age, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 21 years of age may have provided Personal Data to us, please contact us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
Your Rights in relation to Personal Data
You have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data, including those set forth below. For more information about these rights, or to submit a request, please email us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
Access
:  You have a right of access to the Personal Data we process about you. You may at any time request a copy of your Personal Data from Keywords. You also have a right to information on how we have used or disclosed your Personal Data in the 12 months prior to your request. This right can be exercised by writing to us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
Rectification
:  If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to correct any inaccuracies in your Personal Data free of charge. Further information on this right can be obtained by writing to us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
Withdrawal of Consent:
If we are processing your Personal Data based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right has the right to change your mind and withdraw consent to future processing of Personal Data by writing to us at
privacy@helpshift.com
. However, depending on the nature of the consent that is withdrawn, you may no longer be able to visit the Website or use the Services. Any withdrawal of your consent will not affect the processing of Personal Data which occurred before you withdrew your consent.
Right to File Complaint:
You have the right to lodge a complaint about Keywords’ practices with respect to your Personal Data with the competent data protection authority through its website:
https://www.pdpc.gov.sg
.
To exercise the above rights with regard to the processing activities for which we are the data controller, please contact us by e-mail or regular mail (see below for our contact details). Your request should be accompanied by your full contact details and a means of verifying your identity (e.g. a copy of the front of your ID card or driving licence). We may request further information as necessary in order to verify your identity or for security purposes. Where permitted to do so under applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee for processing your request. We may also reject your requests where permitted to do so by law.
Data Protection Officer
Our Data Privacy Officer, as appointed in Singapore, can be contracted by writing to us at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
12. Rights under Canadian Privacy Law
If you are based in Canada, this section forms part of the Privacy Notice and should be read together with the other sections of the Privacy Notice. Depending on your province of residency in Canada, your rights under Canadian privacy legislation may differ. If there is any conflict between this section and the remainder of the Privacy Notice, the relevant part of this section shall prevail.
12.1 Québec residents
Québec privacy law regulates the collection and use of Personal Data using technology which allows a person to tracked or profiled. This includes the use of geolocation technology.
“Profiling” is defined as “the collection and use of personal information to assess certain characteristics of a natural person, in particular for the purpose of analysing that person’s work performance, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests or behaviour”.
We do monitor web page interactions and track your location when using the Website, if and when you choose to activate such technologies by accepting cookies on the website. For further information, please consult our Cookies Policy available on our website.
Consent to Collection of Personal Data
Generally speaking, we will obtain your consent prior to any collection, use or disclosure of your Personal Data, except where such collection, use or disclosure is authorized or required by applicable law. You are generally not obliged to provide your Personal Data, however, please note that, in certain cases, we may be unable to provide certain Services to you or enable access to the Website if you refuse ‎to provide certain Personal ‎Data.‎ ‎
You have the right to change your mind and withdraw consent to future ‎processing of Personal Data by writing to us at
privacy@helpshift.com
. Please note that ‎such withdrawal may impact our continued ability to provide certain Services or access to the Website to you. Such ‎withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of any processing which took place prior to such ‎withdrawal, nor does it ‎create an obligation for us to delete Personal Data which we are ‎otherwise ‎allowed or ‎required to retain under applicable law.‎
Further Processing
We will only use your Personal Data for the purposes for which we collect it (as outlined above), unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose, it is clearly to the benefit of the person concerned or is otherwise authorized or required by applicable law. If we need to use your Personal Data for any other reasonable purposes in connection with our engagement with you, the purpose for any further processing will be made known to you in advance. We may ask you to provide additional consent to such processing, if and to the extent required by applicable law.
If you provide your social network account credentials to us or otherwise sign-in to the Services through a third-party site or service, some content and/or information in those accounts may be transmitted into your account with us. This will be specifically addressed in the relevant app privacy notice or software-specific privacy notice to which you are required to give consent before installing same.
Sharing Your Personal Data with Other Entities
We will share Personal Data with our service providers or any other entities acting as Keywords’ agents or data processors for the purposes of providing services to Keywords and on the understanding that Personal Data will only be processed in line with our instructions and in compliance with all applicable legal obligations.  Generally, we may share Personal Data where this is authorized or required by law (including by a court or administrative body having order-making or relevant regulatory power).
All of your Personal Data that we collect may be transferred to another entity if we undergo a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other transaction (or proposed transaction) in which that other entity assumes control of our business (in whole or in part), to the extent necessary to give effect to such transaction. In such instances we will take steps to ensure that the third party has agreed in writing to protect your Personal Data, and that you are notified in writing of the transfer where possible.
Data Transfer
Generally, transfers of Personal Data outside Québec will not occur unless and until a data privacy assessment has been undertaken by us and appropriate safeguards have been put in place to protect the Personal Data.
Data Retention
We retain Personal Data about you for as long as necessary to provide you with our Services. In some cases, we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise authorized or required by applicable law, rule or regulation. In general, Keywords (or its service providers on its behalf) will hold this information for a period of seven years after you cease to interact with us, unless it is obliged to hold it for a longer period under applicable law or regulatory requirements. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may further retain information in an anonymous or aggregated form where that information would not identify you personally, whether directly or indirectly.
Your Rights
You have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data, including those set forth below.
You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data from Keywords.
If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to request correction of any inaccuracies and, in certain circumstances, to request erasure of the Personal Data.
You may request, in certain circumstances, that we ‎cease disseminating your Personal Data or to ‎‎de-‎index any hyperlink that allows access to ‎that Personal Data by technological means, ‎‎if ‎such dissemination contravenes applicable ‎law or a court.‎
Any such access/correction/erasure requests can be made to Keywords’ Québec Data Protection Officer at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
12.2 Canadian Residents Outside the Province of Québec:
Consent to Collection of Personal Data
Generally speaking, we will obtain your consent prior to any collection, use or disclosure of your Personal Data, except where such collection, use or disclosure is authorized or required by applicable law.
Further Processing
We will only use your Personal Data for the purposes for which we collect it (as outlined above), unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose, clearly to the benefit of the person concerned, or is otherwise authorized or required by applicable law.  If we need to use your Personal Data for any other reasonable purposes in connection with our engagement with you, the purpose and legal basis (if applicable) for any further processing will be made known to you in advance (except in situations where we are authorized by law not to do so).  We may ask you to provide additional consent to such processing, if and to the extent required by applicable law.
If you provide your social network account credentials to us or otherwise sign-in to the Services through a third-party site or service, some content and/or information in those accounts may be transmitted into your account with us. This will be specifically addressed in the relevant app privacy notice or software-specific privacy notice to which you are required to give consent before installing same.
Sharing Your Personal Data with Other Entities
We will share Personal Data with our service providers or any other entities acting as Keywords’ agents or data processors for the purposes of providing services to Keywords and on the understanding that Personal Data will only be processed in line with our instructions and in compliance with all applicable legal obligations. Generally, we may share Personal Data where this sharing is authorized or required by law (including by a court or administrative body having order-making or relevant regulatory power).
All of your Personal Data that we collect may be transferred to another entity if we undergo a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other transaction (or proposed transaction) in which that third party assumes control of our business (in whole or in part), to the extent necessary to give effect to such transaction.  In such instances we will take steps to ensure that the other entity has agreed in writing to protect your Personal Data, and that you are notified in writing of the transfer where possible (if the transaction completes).
Data Transfer
Generally, transfers of Personal Data outside Canada (e.g. for processing by a service provider) will not occur unless and until a due diligence review has been undertaken by us and appropriate safeguards have been put in place to protect the Personal Data.
Data Retention
We retain Personal Data about you for as long as necessary to provide you with our Services.  In some cases, we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, protect our legal position, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise authorized or required by applicable law, rule or regulation.  In general, Keywords (or its service providers on its behalf), will retain this Personal Data for a period of seven years after you cease to interact with us, unless it is obliged to hold it for a longer period under applicable law or regulatory requirements.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may further retain information in an anonymous or aggregated form where that information would not identify you personally.
Your Rights
You have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data, including those set forth below.
You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data from Keywords.
If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to request correction of any inaccuracies and, in certain circumstances, to request erasure of the Personal Data
Any such access/correction/erasure requests can be made to Keywords’ Canadian Data Protection Officer at
privacy@helpshift.com
.
13. California Privacy Notice
If you are based in California this section forms part of the Privacy Notice and should be read together with the other sections of the Privacy Notice. If there is any conflict between this section and the remainder of the Privacy Notice, this section shall prevail.
This California specific part (“CA Notice”) supplements the information contained in our Privacy Notice above and applies to visitors and users of the Website, along with those obtaining Services from Keywords, and others who are residents of certain states with generally applicable data privacy laws (referred to here as “consumers” or “you”). Consumers in these states have certain privacy rights as specified under state law, and this CA Notice ensures we cover state-specific requirements. Any terms defined in the applicable state privacy laws that we use here have the same meaning when used in this CA Notice. Personal Data, as used in this CA Notice, also includes “personal information,” as that term is defined under applicable state privacy laws.
Information We Collect
As more fully described above under the How We Use Your Personal Data section above, we collect (and have collected within the last twelve (12) months) the following categories of Personal Data:
Identifiers
, including name, alias, email, phone number, address, unique personal identifier, online identifier (including social network usernames), IP address, or other similar identifiers.
Customer records
, including contact information, customer numbers, professional information, and customer business card numbers.
Internet or other electronic network activity
, including browsing history, clickstream data, search history, and information regarding interactions with our Services, interactions with our advertisements or emails, and other usage data related to your use of any of our Services.
Geolocation data,
including general location information about a particular individual or device.
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information,
including information collected via call recordings if you call our customer service department or if you otherwise call us on a recorded line.
Professional Information
, including job title, company name, business email, business phone number, and other similar professional and employment-related information.
Inferences, including inferences drawn from any of the information described in this section about a consumer (e.g., reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, and behaviours).
For purposes of this CA Notice, Personal Data may not include:
Publicly available information lawfully made available from government records, or information that we have a reasonable basis to believe was made publicly available by you and not restricted to a specific audience.
Information otherwise excluded from the scope of various state privacy laws.
Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties and Other Recipients
The categories of Personal Data we may have disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months include:
Identifiers;
Customer records;
Internet or other network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information;
Professional information; and
Inferences; and
Protected classifications.
The categories of third parties and other recipients to whom we may have disclosed Personal Data for a business purpose may include:
Affiliates and subsidiaries;
Vendors and service providers;
Data analytics and marketing providers;
Internet service providers; and
Operating systems and platforms.
Sources of Personal Data
We generally collect Personal Data from the following categories of sources:
Directly or indirectly from you;
Affiliates and subsidiaries;
Business customers and clients;
Internet service providers; and
Vendors and service providers.
Purposes of Collecting and Disclosing Personal Data
As more fully described in the
How We Use Personal Data
section above, in general, we collect and otherwise process Personal Data for the following business or commercial purposes:
Providing, supporting, and improving our Services;
Conducting analytics;
Product development;
Opening and managing user accounts;
Communicating with you;
Marketing and promotions;
Research and surveys;
Planning and managing events;
Security, fraud detection, and protection of our and others rights;
Compliance and legal process;
Auditing, reporting, and other internal operations; and
General business and operational support, including engaging in business sales or acquisitions.
Sensitive Personal Data. We do not collect, use, or disclose sensitive personal data beyond the purposes authorized by applicable state privacy laws.
Sales and Sharing of Personal Data
The CCPA defines “sale” as disclosing or making available Personal Data to a third-party in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration, and “sharing” as disclosing or making available Personal Data to a third-party for purposes of cross-contextual behavioural advertising.
While we do not disclose Personal Data to third parties in exchange for monetary compensation, we may “sell” or “share” the following categories of Personal Data: identifiers and Internet or other electronic network activity information. We may disclose these categories to third-party advertising networks, analytics providers and social networks for purposes of marketing and advertising. We do not sell or share Personal Data about individuals we know are under age sixteen (16).
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
California residents may have the following rights regarding their Personal Data, subject to certain exceptions and qualifications:
Access and Data Portability
: You may have the right to request details about the Personal Data we have collected about you, such as whether we have collected Personal Data about you, the categories of sources, the purposes for which we have collected the Personal Data, the categories of recipients and the specific pieces of Personal Data we have collected. You may also have the right to receive a copy of your Personal Data in a readily usable format.
Correction
: You may have the right to request we correct incorrect or inaccurate Personal Data, subject to restrictions regarding the determination of accuracy of the existing Personal Data.
Deletion
: You may have the right to request deletion of your data unless an exception applies. Examples of exceptions include when we need to keep data to continue providing the Services, meet legal obligations, detect fraud and investigate violations of our Terms of Use or to address security issues.
Opt-Out of Sale, Sharing, or Targeted Advertising
: You have the right to opt-out of “sales” and “sharing” of your Personal Data and to opt-out of the use of your Personal Data for “targeted advertising” as those terms are defined under the CCPA. You have the right and ability to opt-out of “sales” and “sharing” of your Personal Data using an opt-out preference signal. If our Website detects that your browser or device is transmitting an opt-out preference signal, such as the “global privacy control”—or GPC— signal, we will opt that browser or device out of the use of cookies or other tools on our site that result in a “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Data. If you come to our site from a different device or from a different browser on the same device, or if you clear your cookies, you will need to opt-out again, or use an opt-out preference signal, for that browser and/or device as well.
Limit Use and Disclosure
: We do not engage in uses of sensitive Personal Data that would trigger a
right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information
under applicable state privacy law.
Non-Discrimination
: We will not discriminate against you in terms of price or service level for exercising any of the rights described in this section.
Exercising Your Privacy Rights
To exercise your privacy rights as a California resident, please send us a request by emailing
privacy@helpshift.com
. You can also contact us at +1 818 729-8508.
You may designate someone as an authorized agent to submit requests and act on your behalf. For security purposes, authorized agents will be required to provide proof of their authorization in their first communication with us, and we may also require that the relevant consumer directly verify their identity and the authority of the authorized agent.
Unless otherwise permitted by the CCPA, you may only make a request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Data or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Data if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Data relates to you. Therefore, we will need your first and last name, email address, and, if applicable, customer number. In some cases, we may request additional information to verify your identity, or where necessary to process your request. If we are unable to verify your identity after a good faith attempt, we may deny the request and, if so, will explain the basis for the denial.
14. Other U.S. State Privacy Rights
If you are based in Virginia, Connecticut, Colorado or Utah, this section forms part of the Privacy Notice and should be read together with the other sections of the Privacy Notice. If there is any conflict between this section and the remainder of the Privacy Notice, this section shall prevail.
Residents of Virginia (as of January 1, 2023), Connecticut and Colorado (as of July 1, 2023), and Utah (as of December 31, 2023) who are users of the Website or recipients of Services and who are not acting in a commercial or employment context in relation to Keywords or its business customers may be entitled to exercise the following rights:
Access and Data Portability
: You may have the right to request details about the Personal Data we have collected about you. You may also have the right to receive a copy of your Personal Data in a readily usable format.
Correction
: You may have the right to request we correct incorrect or inaccurate Personal Data, subject to restrictions regarding the determination of accuracy of the existing Personal Data.
Deletion
. You may have the right to request deletion of your data unless an exception applies.
Opt-Out of Sale, Sharing, or Targeted Advertising.
Opt-Out of Profiling with Legal or Significant Effects
: You may have the right to opt out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. However, we do not engage in such activities, so there is no need to exercise this right.
Right to Appeal (VA, CT, and CO only):
If we deny or reject your privacy rights request, you may have a right to appeal our decision if permitted by your state’s privacy law. To appeal our denial or rejection, please contact us at
privacy@helpshift.com
and include in the subject line “Request to Appeal Privacy Right Request Decision.” Please provide us sufficient information to locate your privacy right request record, such as any unique number you were provided. Our privacy office will review your appeal request, our original determination, and will inform you of our decision on your appeal.
15. Changes to this Privacy Notice
Overall, we’re constantly trying to improve our Services which includes optimising our Website, so we may need to change this Privacy Notice from time to time to reflect changes in technology, law, business operations or any other reason we determine is necessary or appropriate, but we will alert you to any material changes by placing a notice on the Website, by sending you an email and/or by some other means.
16. Contact Information
If you have any questions or queries about this Privacy Notice, the ways in which we collect and use your Personal Data or your choices and rights regarding such collection and use, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone: +353 1 902 2730;
Email:
privacy@keywordsstudios.com
;
privacy@helpshift.com
or
Address:  South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, D18 T9P8, Ireland.
Sub-policy 7
https://www.hyprmx.com/pp.html:
Privacy Policy
Jun Group Productions, LLC
HyprMX Mobile LLC
Effective: September 16, 2020
Introduction
At Jun Group Productions, LLC and our HyprMX Mobile LLC subsidiary, we connect advertisers and publishers that we call clients to an audience of end users that we call consumers. Consumers are end users of applications and websites that we call properties, and those properties are owned by third parties that we call partners. Our services enable clients to deliver targeted, interactive content that we call engagements to consumers, and in doing so, we collect information about consumers and partners. We also collect information from visitors to our websites,
www.jungroup.com
and
www.hyprmx.com
.
This privacy policy describes how we collect, retain, use and disclose information that you make available to us as a user of our services, including as a visitor to our websites, as a consumer end user of our partners' properties, and/or as one of our partners. Information may include personal information that directly identifies a specific person, such as a full name or email address, as well as other types of information, such as your interests, service usage and Internet access device characteristics. This privacy policy applies whenever you use our websites or services, including if you have registered an account with us.
‍
California Residents
: For additional information regarding your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, please visit
www.jungroup.com/ccpa.
‍
Information Collection
We and our service providers collect the following information from and about you:
We may collect the following information from and about you:
1.        Registration and survey information, consisting of information you choose to submit through our services, for example, to receive a newsletter, answer survey questions or enter a contest or sweepstakes. Registration information may include, for example, name, picture, email address, gender, zip or postal code and birthday.
2.        Activity and device information, consisting of data we may collect when you access our services. For example, we collect information about your computer or other Internet access device, your operating system and browser or other Internet enabled application, your IP address (which may be associated with your location) and information about what ads or other engagements you have viewed and interacted with. If you access our services from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device (e.g., Apple's IDFA or Google's GAID), geolocation data (if you have consented to provide this through your mobile or other device), wireless service provider and other transactional information for that device.
3.        Information from other sources. We may supplement or ask our third party service providers to supplement the information we collect with information from other sources, such as publicly available information from social media services, commercially available sources and information from our affiliates or business partners. This enables us to tailor our services to your interests or to report to our clients on the effectiveness of engagements or the extent to which you belong to certain interest segments, and we source data only from sources that are lawfully entitled to share information with us.
Information Use and Disclosure
‍
We use and disclose information about you for the purposes listed below:
‍
1.        To deliver our services to you and others, to measure, manage, support and improve our services, and to allow service providers to assist us in performing our services. We may make any of the personal information listed above available to certain third-party service providers, such as contractors, agents or sponsors, who help us manage or provide our services. For example, we use services from Amazon and Google to support our technology infrastructure, and third parties also facilitate creating, serving and measuring engagements and tracking service usage.
2.        To deliver relevant engagements and conduct research. We use the information we collect from and about you to deliver relevant ads and other engagements to you and others when you use our services or another service. For example, our services are embedded in our partners' properties, and we deliver our clients' engagements to you when you access those properties. We also use your information to conduct or to enable others to conduct research e.g., about consumer trends, sentiments, the effectiveness of advertising or the extent to which you and others may belong to certain interest segments. This includes incorporating information we collect about you into statistical “lookalike models” that enable us to infer the preferences of other consumers and deliver more relevant advertising to them. We do not use directly identifying personal information about you (such as your name and contact details) to deliver relevant engagements to you or to conduct research without your opt-in consent. As noted above, we may supplement the information we collect with information from third parties, and those other sources may assist us in delivering relevant engagements to you based on directly identifying personal information about you that they can access, even if they do not provide such information to us in doing so. For example, a retailer may transfer your purchase history and email address to a third party that may combine that information with other information, enabling an advertiser to instruct us to deliver relevant ads to your device by targeting your device identifier.
3.        To contact you. We may send you promotional materials or notifications related to our services. If you want to stop receiving them, follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. Note that if you opt-out of promotional materials and notifications, you will still receive service-related notifications and emails, such as notifications of changes to our services or policies. If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications, change the settings either in your mobile device notification setting or through the app.
4.        To share with our affiliates. We may share your information with our affiliates for the purposes described in this privacy policy. As of the effective date posted above, our affiliates consist of Jun Group Productions, LLC, its wholly-owned subsidiary HyprMX Mobile LLC, and APG (Advantage Performace Group). Our affiliates will only use your information in a way that is consistent with the practices described in this privacy policy.
5.        To share with business partners. We may share your information with business partners (e.g., clients) for their own business purposes, including to advertise to you and to send you marketing communications. If that information includes directly identifying personal information, we will only do so with your consent. If you are a California resident, you have the right to request and obtain from us a list of what personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year and the names and addresses of those third parties. Requests may be made only once a year and are free of charge.
6.        To protect our rights and those of others. We may disclose your information if we have a good faith belief it is necessary in order to: (i) investigate, protect, enforce, or defend our legal rights, privacy, safety, or property and that of others (including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use); (ii) protect the safety, privacy, and security of our services users or the public; (iii) protect against fraud or manage risk; (iv) comply with the law or participate in any legal process; or (v) respond to requests from public and government authorities.
7.        To complete a merger or sale of assets. If we sell all or part of our business or make a sale or transfer of our assets or are otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of our business, we may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction. In such an event, we will inform the acquiring party of the need to protect your information in accordance with this privacy policy.
8.        In any other manner that you authorize us with your informed, affirmative consent.
Cookies
We refer to browser cookies and other tracking technologies such as pixels, beacons, and Adobe Flash cookies as cookies. For more information about cookies, including how you can change your cookie settings, please see our Cookie Statement at
hyprmx.com/cookie.html
or
jungroup.com/JG-CookieStatement.html
. At this time, we do not respond to browser "Do Not Track" signals.
Interest-Based Advertising
Interest-based advertising refers to using information collected across non-affiliated, third-party sites and applications over time to provide more relevant advertising to you, based on your interests inferred from that information. The Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) is a coalition of digital advertising companies that has created a self-regulatory code for interest based advertising, and we comply with those
self-regulatory principles.
Consumers may opt out of receiving interest-based ads in our services for mobile applications by following these steps:
1.        For iOS devices running iOS 8 through iOS 13, go to Settings > Privacy > Advertising > Enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting. For iOS devices running iOS 14, go to Settings > Privacy > Tracking, and disable "Allow Apps to Request to Track." Our services do not support earlier versions of iOS. Additional instructions are available on
Apple’s support site
.
2.        For Android devices with OS 2.2 or higher and Google Play Services version 4.0 and higher, go to Google Settings App > Ads > Enable "Opt out of interest-based advertising" or go to Settings > Google > Personal info & Privacy > Ads Settings > Enable "Opt out of Ads Personalization," and in either case, and also click “Reset advertising ID.”
We may serve ads to you on one device based on information we learn about you on another device, and opting out of interest-based advertising is only effective for the device on which you followed the steps above.
Repeat these steps to opt out on other devices as desired. If you opt out, you will still see ads that will not be interest-based ads.Instead, they may be untargeted, related to the context of the property you are using, or based on information you volunteer to us in the property in which the ad is shown, such as responses to survey questions. You can opt out of a survey by, as applicable, clicking the [x] button to close the survey or selecting “I prefer not to answer” instead of answering the question. We do not engage in interest-based advertising in desktop or mobile web browsers even when we display the DAA AdChoices logo, so no opt-out choices apply in those environments.
Health and Other Sensitive Information
We ask that you not send us, and that you do not disclose, any sensitive personal information (such as social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through our services unless we specifically request it from you and you opt in to providing such disclosure for specific purposes we explain at that time.
We may deliver ads to you about non-sensitive health topics based on first- and third-party data. In all geographies, we may deliver ads to you about sensitive health topics either based on the context of the property on which the ad is being served (i.e. an ad that is not targeted based on information about you) or with your opt-in permission. We use custom rather than standard segments for delivering health-related ads, for example "asthma sufferers" and "migraine sufferers." If we survey you about health topics, we may use your responses to deliver relevant ads and/or to allow third parties to provide relevant ads. If we survey you about sensitive health topics, we will ask you to provide us with your voluntary, affirmative consent to use your responses in this manner. If you opt into a health survey, we will continue to respect any interest-based advertising opt-out you set for your device as described above under Interest-Based Advertising.
We do not use or allow others to use sensitive information to determine eligibility for health insurance, health care treatment eligibility, life insurance, or employment.
Children's Privacy
Our services are for a general audience, are not targeted to children, and we comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, or COPPA. We do not knowingly create or use audience segments of children less than 13 years of age.
Our partners and clients are responsible for their own compliance with COPPA and similar data protection laws. If you believe your child has provided us with information covered by COPPA or another similar data protection law, please contact us at the address below and we will use reasonable efforts to delete the applicable information from our records.
Security
We use reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational measures intended to protect your information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure, or access. Please note that no method of online information storage or transmission is entirely secure, and we cannot guarantee information security.
Access, Control and Other Rights
If you would like to exercise your rights under applicable data protection laws to request access to, or correction, erasure, restriction or portability of your personal information, then please contact us as provided below. You may object to our processing of your personal information by contacting us using these details.
To help us most efficiently manage your request, please include your name and contact details and, if possible, identify the information to which your request relates. We will comply with your request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
In particular, your choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information for marketing purposes include:
1.        Receiving electronic communications from us: If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails, you may opt-out of receiving these marketing-related emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in the email. We will process your request promptly following receipt.
2.        Cancelling your account. If you are our partner, you may cancel your account by emailing privacy@hyprmx.com, subject, "Delete My Account" and include the email address that you registered your account with (if different from the email address you're sending the email from). We may retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancellation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies. Because of the nature of caching technology, your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others, and there may be a delay in the removal of the content from elsewhere on the Internet and from search engines.
If you have given us consent to use your personal information for any purpose, you may withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawing consent will not affect the validity of any uses of your personal information prior to withdrawal.
Location of Data Processing
Our services are managed and primarily hosted from the United States. We and our service providers may process your information in the United States, as well as in other countries where our service providers operate. These countries may have different data protection standards to those in your jurisdiction, and we will protect your information in accordance with this privacy policy at all times.
Third Parties and Linked Services
Our services may link to or be integrated with properties operated by third parties, and may carry ads or other engagements or offer content, functionality, games, newsletters, contests, sweepstakes or applications developed and maintained by such unaffiliated companies. For example, our services for partners include an "advertisement mediation" service that allows ads from our clients to be served to consumers alongside ads from third party ad networks included in our partners' properties. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties, and once you leave our services or click an engagement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service. To determine which ad networks are serving ads via our mediation service, please contact our partner who owns or operates the applicable property (i.e. contact the mobile application developer directly).
Data Retention
We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy, provided that we will not retain your information in our production systems for more than thirty months from the date you last interacted with one of our properties, unless a longer retention period is required by law. We may retain backup information on our servers for up to three years for fraud detection, to enforce our legal rights, or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies.
Even after you cancel your account, copies of some information from your account may remain viewable, for example, if you have shared information with social media or other services.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may modify this privacy policy from time to time due to evolving legal, operational or business requirements. When we do, we will post an updated copy on our website, indicating that it has been updated. Please look at the posted date at the top of this privacy policy to see when we last revised it. Any changes to this privacy policy will ordinarily become effective when we post the revised privacy policy on our services, provided that, if we make material changes to this privacy policy, the revised privacy policy will not become effective until at least 15 days after we post it to our services. We will also notify our service users for whom we have contact email addresses of any such material changes and, where required by law, obtain their consent.
Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Email:              privacy@jungroup.com or privacy@hyprmx.com
Phone:             +1 (402) 882-2648
Mail:                Jun Group Productions, LLC or HyprMX Mobile LLC
Attn:                Privacy Affairs
28 W 44th Street
14th Floor
New York, NY 10036
Right to Complain
‍
You have the right to complain about our uses of your personal information to a competent regulatory authority. In the United States, the appropriate regulatory authority is the
Federal Trade Commission
. If you are based in Australia, you can contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
‍
For California Residents
‍
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section applies to any California residents about whom we have collected personal information from any source, including through your use of our Website(s), by buying our products or services, or by communicating with us electronically, in paper correspondence, or in person (collectively, “you”).
For purposes of this section, “personal information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California consumer/resident or household.  Personal information does not include publicly available information or information that has been de-identified.
‍
What Information We Collect
We may collect the following categories of personal information about you:
Identifiers, which includes device identifier; Internet Protocol (“IP”) address; first and last name; user name and/or identification number; email address; postal address; telephone number
Commercial information, which includes records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered; and/or other purchasing or consumer histories or tendencies;
Information relating to Internet activity or other electronic network activity, which includes cookie identifiers and other tracking technologies such as pixels, beacons, and Adobe Flash cookies (together, “cookies”); device characteristics including your operating system, browser, wireless service provider, or other Internet enabled application; and information about what ads or other engagements you have viewed and interacted with; internet service provider (ISP); referring/exit pages; date/time stamp;  clickstream data; device platform; device version; and/or other device characteristics including your choice of settings such as Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and Global Positioning System (“GPS”);
Geolocation data, which includes locational information based upon your IP address; and/or other similar locational data which may be collected from various devices including your mobile or other device; GPS data; cell network data;
Inferences about you;
Information not listed above and related to characteristics protected under California or federal law; which includes age and date of birth; gender; race and ethnicity; nationality; marital status; military service / veteran status; and
Other personal information not listed above and described in California Civil Code § 1798.80(e), which includes physical characteristics or description.
To help you further understand what we do with the above categories of personal information, we have provided you with a matrix detailing the sources, purposes, and any sharing related to each category.  You may review that matrix below.
‍
What We Do With Your Information
We may collect or use personal information about you for the following purposes:
‍
Sources of Collected Information
We may collect personal information from the following categories of sources:
Consumers, including via our websites, mobile applications, your devices, social media, forums, message boards, and our surveys, contests, and sweepstakes, or other means;
Other third parties, which includes data suppliers, operators of other websites and mobile applications, online advertising partners, and other data suppliers; and
Things that other third parties may post publicly about you or otherwise provide to us
Who We Share Information With
We do not sell personal information except for under the limited circumstances of providing device identifiers to our advertising clients and cookies to third parties for advertising purposes.
We may share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Our service providers, which includes analytics service providers; technology infrastructure providers; social content providers; and other providers who help us manage or provide our services; customer relationship management providers; website hosting providers; systems administrators; and communications delivery services;
Our advertising clients
We sell the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers (device identifiers only); and
Information relating to Internet activity (cookies only)
Your Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, subject to applicable law, you have the following rights under California law with respect to your personal information:
Right to Know.  You have the right to request what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and/or sell, as applicable.
Right to Delete.
You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information that is collected or maintained by us.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale.  You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information by us.  Our Notice of Right to Opt-Out is below.
Right to Non-Discrimination.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of the privacy rights described above.
You may also authorize someone to exercise the above rights on your behalf.  You must provide your device’s Advertising Identifier and your e-mail address to that authorized individual to submit a request on your behalf.  If we have collected information on your minor child, you may exercise the above rights on behalf of your minor child.
The above rights are subject to our being able to reasonably verify your identity and authority to make these requests.  These rights are also subject to various exclusions and exceptions under applicable laws. In order for us to process your request, you must provide us with your device’s Advertising Identifier.
If you are a California resident and wish to seek to exercise these rights, please reach us in one of the following ways:
Complete the form at
www.jungroup.com/ccpa
, providing us with your device’s Advertising Identifier according to the instructions provided.
Call our toll-free phone number: +1 (844) 333-JUN6 (5866)
Email:  ccpa@jungroup.com
For more information regarding this Privacy Policy, or if you have any questions or concerns, you may contact us in the following ways:
Email:
privacy@jungroup.com
or
privacy@hyprmx.com
Phone:  +1 (402) 882-2648
Mail:  Jun Group Products, LLC or HyprMX Mobile LLC
Attn: Privacy Affairs
28 W. 44th Street, 14th Floor
New York, NY 10036
Notice of Right to Opt-Out
You have the right to direct Jun Group not to sell your personal information and to refrain from doing so in the future.  If you wish to opt-out of such sales, please do so in one of the following ways:
Complete the form at
www.jungroup.com/ccpa
, providing us with your device’s Advertising Identifier according to the instructions provided.
Call our toll-free phone number: +1 (844) 333-JUN6 (5866)
Email:  ccpa@jungroup.com
Please consult the other sections of our Privacy Policy for further information on our practices regarding your personal information.
‍
Table 1
– Disclosure Matrix
‍
This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 31, 2019.
Cookie Settings
Sub-policy 8
http://www.ironsrc.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/ironSource-Privacy-Policy.pdf:
Please note: This website includes an accessibility system. Press Control-F11 to adjust the website to the visually impaired who are using a screen reader; Press Control-F10 to open an accessibility menu.
Accessibility
Popup heading
Close
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Accessibility for blind people
who use screen readers
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Keyboard Navigation
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Accessibility menu



en
jp
cn
kr
Platform
Monetization
Marketing
Analytics
Publishing
Products
Unity LevelPlay
Mediation
ironSource Network
Ad network
Tapjoy
Offerwall
Aura
On-device solutions
Supersonic
Publishing
Luna
Cross-channel management
Learn
Community
Blog
Case studies
LevelUp Academy
Knowledge center
Glossary
Company
About
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Log into Tapjoy
Login
Login
Signup
Signup
Customer support
Customer support
ironSource has merged with Unity
Our platform
User growth
Scale up your user base with ROI positive campaigns that connect you to users who are in it for the long-haul
Check out our growth solutions
Check out our growth solutions
Monetization
Increase your app’s ARPDAU and maximize the value of your users with powerful ad mediation and high-impact ad formats
Learn about our monetization solutions
Learn about our monetization solutions
Analytics
Make optimization quicker and easier with analytics that help you better understand your app’s performance from every angle
See the analytics we offer
See the analytics we offer
Creative management
Leverage our creative production tools to boost your creative performance and delight your users
Check out our creative firepower
Check out our creative firepower
Publishing
Take your games to the top of the charts – and stay there – with our publishing solutions
Get to know our publishing team
Get to know our publishing team
For telecom operators
Aura enables digital transformation for the world’s leading telecom operators and OEMs, allowing them to engage their customers with relevant content, apps, and services across the entire lifecycle of the device
Discover Aura
Discover Aura
Baris Aygoren, Performance Marketing Director at King
“ironSource’s user growth solution not only delivered great ROAS and quality, but also made our internal optimization processes more efficient. ironSource is an integral part of our growth strategy”
View case study
View case study
Scott Koenigsberg, SVP, Head of Product at Zynga
“ironSource has been a key partner for Zynga for several years, and their platform has played an integral role in driving sustainable growth for our titles, from launch through to the long-term”
Rohan Verma, Director of User Acquisition at Calm
“ironSource’s creative management solution has been a major boost for our UA. They’ve been a true partner in helping us optimize performance and leverage data-driven insights to fuel growth”
Mike Brooks, SVP Revenue at Weatherbug
“There are few channels with the strategic positioning, scale, and efficacy that Aura provides, and we’re as excited as ever to continue our multi-year partnership”
Evgeniy Sidorov, Lead Game Producer for Join Clash
“The amazing work that we did together with Supersonic on Join Clash took us all the way to the #2 spot in the US charts while maintaining significant profit along the entire way”
View case study
View case study
Pawel Czartotyjski, Product Marketing Director at Orange
“ironSource Aura enables us to optimize the content experience throughout the life cycle of the device, which translates into a superior user experience for our customers”
The latest from ironSource
Blog
2025 Mobile gaming trends: Unity perspectives
Read more >>
eBook
Understanding the mobile gaming and fast food connection
Read more >>
Podcast
How Tilting Point is unlocking the value of D2C webstores
Read more >>
About ironSource
ironSource is the leading business platform for the app economy. Our mission is to help any app developer turn their app into a scalable, successful business.
Get to know us
Get to know us
Supersonic Studios
One of the most downloaded game publishers in the world, Supersonic’s unique publishing technology is behind 41 top 10 hits
Discover Supersonic
Discover Supersonic
Build your way at ironSource
At ironSource, we don’t just build the code – we all have a hand in building the company, too. Join our growing team to make an impact on millions of users around the world
See our open positions
See our open positions
Learn how ironSource can help you scale your business
Contact us
Contact us
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Functional Cookies
Inactive
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Some 3rd party video providers do not allow video views without targeting cookies. If you are experiencing difficulty viewing a video, you will need to set your cookie preferences for targeting to yes if you wish to view videos from these providers. Unity does not control this.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 10
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Take your monetization
to the next level
Maximize revenue, reduce costs, and save time with MAX
Start earning more
MAXIMIZE REVENUE
Unified Auction
Ad Formats
360° Growth
ANALYZE & OPTIMIZE
Reporting Tools
A/B Testing
SAVE TIME
Mediation Management
Developer Tools
PROTECT YOUR BRAND
Ad Review
User Journey
Creative Debugger
MAXIMIZE REVENUE
Unified Auction
Ad Formats
360° Growth
ANALYZE & OPTIMIZE
Reporting Tools
A/B Testing
SAVE TIME
Mediation Management
Developer Tools
PROTECT YOUR BRAND
Ad Review
User Journey
Creative Debugger
Increase ad revenue
Earn more for your ad inventory with an integrated 360º approach
Unified Auction
Drive the highest yield for your app real estate
Choose the mediation platform with the most competitive demand: 25+ SDK networks, 20+ in-app bidders, premium and diversified DSPs through the AppLovin Exchange, and custom options for anyone else you work with.
AD FORMATS
Expand your revenue opportunities
Leverage all major ad formats for more ways to drive in-app ad revenue, as well as innovative ad placements like app open and lock screen ads.
Native
Interstitial
Rewarded
Playable
Rich Media
MREC
Banner
Display
360° Growth
Scale your ad revenue with more active users
MAX makes it easy to reinvest your revenues and learned insights into user acquisition with AppLovin’s growth engine, AppDiscovery, to unlock self-perpetuating growth.
Optimize your ad revenue strategy
Make smarter decisions with full transparency into your ad revenue data
REPORTING TOOLS
MAX’s suite of reporting tools gives actionable insights on demand
Measure performance across your entire monetization strategy
Gain insights and identify opportunities to improve yield all within a single, comprehensive, customizable dashboard or downloadable report.
Ad Inventory
Track ad performance, overall revenue, and integration health.
Network
Monitor bidding performance and the ability to fill and serve ads.
Waterfall
Analyze impact of waterfall configurations and segmentation on revenue.
Validate revenue data across MAX and partner networks
Monitor and detect discrepancies between ad sources early to protect your revenue. Compare metrics including:
CPMs
Impressions
Revenue
Understand the entire user lifecycle to optimize LTV
Measure the impact of ad settings on metrics such as user retention, engagement, and revenue per install over time for a group of users who installed an app on the same day.
Get insights into user engagement
View daily analytics on your app’s performance, including number of daily active users in your app, ARPDAU, and the average number of impressions users are seeing. Plus, filter reports by ad format to understand the impact of optimizations.
Access granular data for more accurate ROAS and user LTV calculations
Remove blind spots and better optimize paid user acquisition campaigns with user and impression-level data handed off to your MMP or BI tool of choice.
A/B Testing
Test your entire monetization strategy
Easily set up A/B tests to identify opportunities for driving incremental ad revenue. Test changes to:
Demand partners
Waterfall configurations
Price points
Ad frequency
Refresh rates
User segments
Spend less time on setup and management
Get started quickly and automate processes for revenue optimization
Mediation Management Tools
Modernize traditional waterfalls with automation
Update network CPMs daily without lifting a finger
Ensure fairer competition from non-bidding networks.
Put your CPMs on autopilot
Reduce the need for regular updates, and minimize opportunities for error.
Capture more revenue with better price setting
Leverage historical data to power smart CPM adjustments.
Spend less time on waterfall creation and ad unit management
Manage your setup through the MAX UI or your own BI tool.
Easy Cloning
Speed up waterfall creation by cloning ones that already exist.
Ad Unit Management API
Create ad units, build and update waterfalls, and launch A/B tests via your own platform or BI tool.
Developer Tools
Monetize your apps without disrupting your workflow
Launch your apps confidently
MAX’s testing tools reduce post-launch frustration.
Test Mode
Provide reliable network fill for your test devices.
Mediation Debugger
Verify and troubleshoot your integrated ad networks.
Develop what you want, how you want
MAX provides unmatched support for multiple platforms and development engines.
Supported Platforms
Android
iOS
FireOS
Supported Development Engines
Unity
Adobe AIR
Cordova
React
Unreal
Flutter
Godot
Defold
Unity Integration Manager
Quickly get started monetizing your Unity app with a plugin that integrates the AppLovin SDK and network adapters automatically.
Ensure brand safety
Protect your revenue by ensuring quality in all aspects of your app experience — including which ads users see.
Ad Review
Gain control over ad visibility
Monitor ads running in your app and automatically identify risky or competitive content for easy bad ad reporting.
Detect
Automatically flag risky content and competitor ads based on custom rules and filters.
View
View and filter flagged ads by network, format, content rating, advertiser, rule, and more.
Report
Easily report problematic ads within the dashboard.
Compete
Inform your user acquisition efforts with intel into the latest ad concepts in your app category.
User Journey
Support your support teams — quickly find ads reported by users
View all the ads seen by a user to easily locate problematic ads that could cause churn, and report them directly from the dashboard. Plus, eliminate the need to blindly block ads or networks that may not actually be problematic.
Creative Debugger
Access comprehensive ad information on demand
Use a simple gesture to reveal ad information such as the name of the network, the creative ID, and more, and automatically generate reports for problematic ads.
Here’s what our developers are saying
“
Implementing MAX not only increased our product revenue, but it saved us a lot of operational costs, which allowed our team to refocus their energy on creating great games.
Yudai Hatasa
Producer, KAYAC
“
We are already seeing
incredible lift and increases in revenue
across our top titles, which allows us to invest more in user acquisition.
Dmitry Shelengovskiy
CEO, Playgendary
“
AppLovin made it easy to migrate to MAX and we saw immediate improvements by switching, including a 30% ARPDAU lift on iOS. We were surprised to achieve this much of an improvement without additional optimizations. And even after, the AppLovin team continued to help us with additional tools, integrations, and testing, which drove our total revenue even higher.
Ivan Dama
CEO, IdeaSolutions
“
Implementing MAX not only increased our product revenue, but it saved us a lot of operational costs, which allowed our team to refocus their energy on creating great games.
Yudai Hatasa
Producer, KAYAC
“
We are already seeing
incredible lift and increases in revenue
across our top titles, which allows us to invest more in user acquisition.
Dmitry Shelengovskiy
CEO, Playgendary
“
AppLovin made it easy to migrate to MAX and we saw immediate improvements by switching, including a 30% ARPDAU lift on iOS. We were surprised to achieve this much of an improvement without additional optimizations. And even after, the AppLovin team continued to help us with additional tools, integrations, and testing, which drove our total revenue even higher.
Ivan Dama
CEO, IdeaSolutions
Take your mobile monetization to the MAX
Start earning more
Sub-policy 11
https://onetrust.com/privacy-policy/:
Skip to main content
On-demand webinar coming soon...
On-demand webinar coming soon...
OneTrust Privacy Notice
On-demand webinar coming soon...
Sub-policy 12
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 14
https://www.vungle.com/privacy/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept All
Decline All
Vungle
privacy
Last Updated:
December 17, 2019
Vungle, Inc. and its group companies (“
Vungle
“, “
we
” or “
us
“) respect your privacy. This privacy notice (“Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, use and share personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Notice covers personal information we collect:
when providing the Vungle Ad Services (see
Section 2
); and
when you visit one of our Websites, and in the usual course of our business, such as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities (see
Section 3
).
QUICK LINKS
We recommend that you read this Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, to make it easier for you to review those parts of this Notice which apply to you, we have divided up the document into the following sections:
1. WHO WE ARE
(applicable to everyone)
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
(applicable to End Users)
2.1 What information do we collect?
2.2 How do we use your information?
2.3 How does Vungle use its technology to collect information?
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients
2.7 Minors and Children
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
(applicable to End Users and visitors to our Websites)
3.1 What information do we collect?
3.2 How do we use your information?
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
(applicable to everyone).
4.1 How do we share your information?
4.2 Your data protection rights
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
4.7 Data Retention
4.8 International Data Transfers
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice
4.10 Questions or complaints.
4.11 Changes to this Notice
4.12 Contact Us
We participate in and comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework to cover data we process from the European Union (“EU”). For further information, please review our EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Notice
1. WHO WE ARE
Vungle is an ad network providing a technology platform (“
Platform
”) for Clients that want to advertise and/or monetize their applications, games, and other products. Our “
Clients
” include “
Advertisers
” that wish to distribute ad content through the Vungle Platform, and “
Publishers
” of applications that want to display relevant ads to end users (“
End Users
“) of third party applications (“
apps
“) that use our SDKs, APIs, hosted video advertising platform and/or any of our related advertising tools (collectively, the “
Vungle Ad Services
“).
Advertising revenue helps keep many games and apps free, and Vungle works hard to ensure that our ads are interesting, relevant, and safe for End Users.
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
This Section describes how Vungle collects and uses information we receive from End Users (“
you
“) of apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
2.1 What information do we collect?
When you use an app supported by Vungle technology (see Section 2.3,
below
, our services can collect certain information about your mobile device. Some of this information (including for example, your IP address and certain unique identifiers), may identify a particular computer or device and may be “personal information” or “personal data” as defined under law in some jurisdictions (including in California and the EU, respectively) (hereinafter, collectively referred to as “
personal information
”). We collect this information the first time Vungle’s SDK is initialized on a Publisher Client’s app. Note, however, that Vungle’s Ad Services do not collect any information that that enables us to identify End Users personally (such as your name, address, or email address).
LEARN MORE
The information we collect includes:
Information about your device
, such as the type and model, manufacturer, operating system (e.g. iOS, Android, etc.), carrier name, time zone, network connection type (e.g., Wi-Fi, cellular), IP address, Vungle SDK version, information about the Publisher Client’s app currently active on your device (but not any other apps), and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID (AAID or GAID), or other unique device identifier (a number uniquely allocated to your device by your device manufacturer or Publisher Client’s app).
Information about your behavior on our Publisher Client’s app
, such as information about the activities or actions on those apps, and session start/stop time. Historic versions of Vungle technology may also collect geolocation information (e.g., latitude and longitude co-ordinates), but only (i) if the Publisher Client’s app has enabled location services on your device and (ii) you have granted the Publisher permission to collect this information). However, versions that are current as of the date of this Notice no longer collect geolocation information.
Information about ads served, viewed, or clicked on
, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, the number of times you have seen the ad, the number of Vungle ads viewed per session, and whether you visited the Advertiser’s website or relevant app store and/or purchased or installed the product or service advertised.
We may also combine and/or enhance the information we collect about your device, including the personal information, with information we may collect about your interactions with other ads served through Vungle’s Platform that you may view on other Publisher Client’s Apps, or with information collected from our Clients and third parties (such as data providers). This may include, for example, mobile device IDs, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on an app to help make the ads served to you more relevant while limiting your exposure to less relevant ads. We (or our third party partners) may also use this additional information to undertake “user matching,” which means that in addition to the ID an End User has been assigned in our system, we may also receive a list of unique IDs our external partners or Clients have assigned to an End User.
2.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information, including the personal information, we collect (sometimes in combination with information provided and sourced by independent validation partners) for a variety of business purposes, including the following:
Serving Ads:
To allow Publishers to offer advertising inventory in their apps, and Advertisers to bid on and display ads in that inventory.
Ad Reporting and Conversions:
: To allow Vungle to confirm with Advertisers information about when and how End Users have been exposed to their ads, clicked on their ads, or visited their website and to ensure accurate billing for advertising services rendered.
Frequency Capping:
Preventing End Users from seeing the same ad too many times.
Customizing Ads:
To customize and more effectively tailor the ads we display to you and to optimize the display of ads (including limiting your exposure to less relevant ads).
Performance Analytics and Optimization:
To analyze and optimize ad performance, such as tracking views of ads, implementing end user “whitelists” or “blacklists” (to ensure, in some cases, that certain ads are being viewed by appropriate audiences), as well as click-through rates to websites or app stores and/or installs of apps that have been advertised.
Fraud Detection and Prevention:
Identifying invalid clicks, installs, or ad queries, and protecting us and our Clients from fraudulent behavior.
Providing and Improving the Vungle Ad Services:
Auditing, researching, and analyzing data in order to provide, protect, and improve the Vungle Ad Services and to ensure that our technologies function properly.
2.3
How does Vungle use its technology to collect information
?
We use our technology (in some jurisdictions, such as the EU, these may be referred to as “tracking technologies”) to collect information automatically from your device to perform many of the functions described in “
How do we use your information?
” above. To opt out of our use of such technologies, please follow the instructions for opting out in the apps, as described in “
Opt-Out Choices
” below.
LEARN MORE
The standard tracking technologies we use include:
Mobile “SDKs” or “Software Development Kits” (including our own SDKs):
These are blocks of code that are embedded into an app allowing Vungle to collect certain information (as described in “
2.1 What information do we collect?
” above relating to your use of apps using our technology. The embedded code from Vungle’s SDK allows the app to “speak” with Vungle’s Platform for purposes of delivering ads.
Mobile device identifiers:
We also use standard device identifiers, for example the IDFA advertising identifier used on Apple’s iOS devices and the GAID advertising identifier used on Android devices, to monitor and improve the performance of the ads we show you.
Third-Party Ad Measurement URLs/Links:
Additionally, in providing the Vungle Ad Services to our Advertiser Clients, the Vungle ads may include URLs or links from the Advertiser Client’s chosen third-party measurement partner to collect information about your interaction with those ads. The information collected is used for ad delivery, reporting, and billing purposes and may also be used for performance optimization.
“Tags and Pixels”:
These are blocks of code that we and our Clients may use to monitor your interaction with apps using our technology. We may use these to synchronize information that we have collected with information independently collected by our Clients and other third party advertising platforms and advertisers that are interested in providing you with ads.
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices.
You can opt out of having your information being used by Vungle for performance-based advertising by accessing your mobile device settings and following the most recent published instructions. If you limit ad tracking, you will still see advertisements (even ones sourced from Vungle’s network), but Vungle will no longer be able to use the personal information described above in
Section 2.1
to serve you with more relevant ads. In addition, the advertising identifier (along with any information collected about that identifier) that was previously assigned to you will also be disassociated. This means that if at a later stage, you decide to opt back in, we will not be able to use any of your past information for advertising purposes, and you will (for all practical purposes) be a new user to our system. For apps using older versions of the Vungle SDK, you may also stop the collection of location information by particular apps that may allow collection of location of this information by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1,
below
for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients.
Vungle is not responsible for the information practices of our Clients or their agents. We require our Clients to comply with all applicable laws and regulations and to provide End Users with notice of the collection of data for advertising purposes as outlined in this Notice. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of apps you visit for information about those apps’ data collection and use practices.
2.7 Minors and Children.
Our Clients are responsible for ensuring that their mobile apps comply with data privacy protection legislation applicable to minors and children, such as the United States’ Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
“), including where relevant by obtaining parental consent prior to the collection of personal information. With respect to COPPA specifically, we rely upon our Publisher Clients to confirm whether or not their app is subject to COPPA. As required by COPPA, Vungle will enable a flag in our system when a Client indicates their app is subject to COPPA such that the End User’s device history is disassociated, and the only End User personal information used by the Vungle Ad Services would be persistent identifiers (e.g., IP address and device identifiers) to provide “support for internal operations” of the Vungle Ad Services (as permitted by COPPA).
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
This Section describes how we collect and use Information in the usual course of business, including through our websites (such as
“http://vungle.com”
or any other website on which this Notice is posted) and other corporate services, web portals, and dashboards we make available to our Clients and End Users (collectively “
Websites
“), as well as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities. This section does not apply to information collection through apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
3.1 What information do we collect?
Information that you provide voluntarily:
Certain parts of our Websites may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. For example, when Clients are registering for a Vungle account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Vungle or our products and services, subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, Vungle collects required personal information from you. The personal information that you are asked to provide (and the reasons why you are asked to provide it) will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. We will also let you know prior to collection whether the provision of personal information we are collecting is compulsory or may be provided on a voluntary basis, and the consequences (if any) of not providing the information. We also collect personal information you otherwise submit to us, such as when you send Vungle an email.
LEARN MORE
The personal information we collect may include contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address) and contact preferences. It may also include professional information, such as your job title, department or job role, as well as the nature of your request or communication. We also collect information you choose to provide to us when completing any ‘free text’ boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up, product feedback or survey requests).
Information we collect automatically:
When using our Websites, we may automatically collect certain information from your device or computer. In some countries, including countries in the EU, this information may be considered personal information under data protection laws.Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about your system and connection, and how you interact with our Websites and other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, as explained further under the heading “
Cookies and similar tracking technology
.”
Information we collect from third party sources:
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, data providers, and social media platforms. Examples of the information we could receive from other sources include account information, page-views, and browsing information.
3.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information we collect or receive to:
Send you marketing and promotional communications.
For example, we and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. However, you will always be able to opt-out of our marketing at any time (see the “
Your Choices
” section above).
Send administrative information to you.
For example, to send you product, service, and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Engage in and process transactions.
For example, we may use your personal information along with financial, credit card, and/or payment information that you provide to us to process your transactions and for billing purposes. Note that Vungle uses third-party vendors to collect and/or process any financial or payment information, and does not itself collect, receive, or process financial or payment information on its own.
Respond to your requests.
For example, we may use your personal information to fulfill your request for a quote or customer support, or to provide you with information you have requested about the Websites or Vungle Ad Services.
Post testimonials.
We post testimonials on the Websites that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain our consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at
privacy@vungle.com
and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Manage your account and provide support or other services.
For example, for the creation or administration of your Vungle account, to communicate with you, and to provide you with customer support or other services you have ordered, such as product updates, product patches and fixes and other similar operational communications.
Select content and improve quality.
We may use your information to help improve the Website, Vungle Ad Services, and to ensure that content on the Websites is presented in the most effective manner for your device (for example, by presenting products and offers tailored to you).
Protect the Vungle Websites.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep the Websites safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
For our business purposes.
We may use your information for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing, and client relationships.
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We may use cookies and similar technology (collectively “
cookies
”) on our Websites to collect and process personal information about you. At any time, you may use your browser settings to change your cookie preferences or control use of cookies.  By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies.  We also use Google Analytics to learn more about usage of our Websites. You can learn more about Google Analytics, including how to opt-out, by visiting
here
.
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1
, below for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
4.1 How do we share your information?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Advertiser Clients.
If you are an End User, we may exchange information with our Advertiser Clients in connection with the Vungle Ad Services for purposes relevant to our business relationships with them, such as for billing purposes, dispute resolution, or fraud prevention, and to help them identify and/or buy our Publisher Client’s advertising inventory. Our Advertiser Clients are obligated to use the information they receive in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Attribution Partners and Mobile Measurement Partners.
Acting on behalf of and as third-party agents for our Advertiser Clients, if you are an End User, we may exchange information (such as your mobile device ID) with our Advertiser Clients’ attribution and mobile measurement partners to validate and measure the success of ads delivered via the Platform for billing purposes.
Vendors, consultants and other service providers.
We may share your information with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions required for the operation of our business. Examples include to provide data storage and processing services, fraud prevention, technical support for our Platform, analyzing data and performing analysis related to the Website, Platform and related services, and delivering content.
Compliance with laws.
We may disclose information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Disclosures for national security or law enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Vital interests and legal rights.
We may disclose information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Notice, or as evidence in litigation in which Vungle may be involved.
Vungle affiliates.
Vungle is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, but we have subsidiary and affiliate offices in London, UK; Berlin, Germany; Tokyo, Japan; Seoul, Korea; Beijing, China; and Singapore, Singapore. A list of our group companies is available here
https://vungle.com/contact-us
. We may share information with our parent companies, subsidiaries and/or affiliates for use and processing purposes described in this Notice.
Business transfers.
We may share or transfer information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Notice.
Consent.
We may share your information with any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
4.2 Your data protection rights.
Promotional Emails:
You can opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email, by emailing unsubscribe@vungle.com. If you choose to no longer receive marketing information, we may still communicate with you regarding such things as your security updates, product functionality, responses to service requests, or other transactional, non-marketing/administrative related purposes.
Other Rights (applicable to California and EEA residents only):
If you are a resident of California or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), legislation in your jurisdiction – such as the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), respectively – affords you certain specific data protection rights, as noted below. If you make a request, to protect your privacy and security, we will take steps to verify your identity and requests before granting the rights set forth in this Notice.
CCPA rights (California residents)
You can request
access to or ask that we delete
your personal information at any time. Please note that, under certain circumstances, we have the right to impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law.  For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
Vungle does not “sell” personal information
within the meaning of the CCPA. Nevertheless, Vungle will honor any “opt-out of sale” requests we may receive from our Clients, and accordingly take reasonable measures to prevent any further downstream sales. Vungle does share personal information as described in this Notice.
If you are a California resident seeking to exercise your CCPA rights, please (i) email us at
CCPA@vungle.com
, or (ii) visit our website and complete the webform to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
GDPR rights (EEA residents)
You can request
access to or that we change, update or delete
your personal information at any time by contacting us at
privacy@vungle.com
. Please note that we may impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information. To exercise these rights email
privacy@vungle.com
.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
“) are available
here
.
Please note that because most of the information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot identify you individually, you will need to provide us with some additional information to enable us to identify the personal information we hold about you and ensure that we accurately fulfil your request.
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
California law requires us to provide California residents with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and share your “personal information” (as defined in the CCPA). Throughout this Notice, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of information we collect from you or your device and discuss how we use and share such information.
As described in detail in
Section 2.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through the Vungle Ad Services: device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with your device.
As described in detail in
Section 3.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through your use of the Websites: identifiers (such as name and contact information); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information through our payment processors); device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for business purposes: identifiers; commercial information; financial data (via our payment processors); device identifiers; internet or other network or device activity; geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
As described in detail in
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.3
above, we use and disclose the information we collect for the business purposes described in this Notice, including: to provide and improve the Vungle Ad Services and the Websites, for our operational purposes, for the operational purposes of our service providers, for audit purposes, to detect security incidents and prevent fraud, for debugging and repairing errors, to communicate with you, to provide customer service, to market Vungle services, and for other uses that we notify you about.
We may disclose your personal information to the categories of recipients described in detail in
Section 4.1
, above.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
If you are an individual from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we normally rely on our legitimate interest to collect personal information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal information, they include the interests described in the sections headed “How do we use your information?” above (
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.2
.
In some cases, we may rely on our consent or have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we rely on consent to collect and/or process your personal information, we will obtain such consent in compliance with applicable laws.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the details provided under the heading “
Contact Us
” below.
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps.
This Notice only applies to the Vungle Websites and Vungle Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that use or access the Vungle Services or Vungle Ad Services. In addition, ads within the Vungle Platform may contain links to third-party websites and apps. Any access to and use of such linked websites or apps is not governed by this Notice, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third parties.
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
We use appropriate administrative, organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the personal information we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information and to help ensure that your data is safe, secure, and only available to you and to those you provided authorized access. Specific measures we will use include hashing and pseudonymization of data prior to storage. However, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so you should take care in deciding what information you send us in this way.
4.7 Data Retention.
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, to enforce our agreements or comply with our legal obligations). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such data or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
If you are an End User, we typically store the personal information we collect about you, such as your IP address and other information described above, for 13 months from the date of last collection before we delete, overwrite, or anonymize that data, unless we are required to keep it to comply with a legal or audit obligation.
Please contact us at privacy@vungle.com if you have any questions about the information we collect and/or how we use the information we collect.
4.8 International Data Transfers.
The Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States. If you are using the Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by Vungle in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information, in the United States and other locations including London, Berlin, Tokyo, Seoul, Beijing and Singapore, where we have offices. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Notice. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided upon request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request. .
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice.
Vungle, Inc. is located in the United States and participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from EU member countries in the United States.
Vungle adheres to and will abide by the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability when processing such personal information.
Vungle is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under each Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
For more information about the Privacy Shield, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov
. To review our certification on the Privacy Shield list, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield self-certification list located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
.
4.10 Questions or complaints.
You can direct any questions or complaints about the use or disclosure of your personal information to us at
privacy@vungle.com
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes regarding the use or disclosure of personal information within 45 days of receiving your complaint.
JAMS (EEA residents only)
If you are an EEA resident and you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, JAMS, free of charge at
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
.
Binding arbitration (EEA residents only)
You may have the option to select binding arbitration for the resolution of your complaint under certain circumstances, provided you have taken the following steps: (1) raised your complaint directly with us and provided us the opportunity to resolve the issue; (2) made use of the independent dispute resolution mechanism identified above; and (3) raised the issue through the relevant data protection authority and allowed the US Department of Commerce an opportunity to resolve the complaint at no cost to you. To find out more about the Privacy Shield’s binding arbitration scheme please see
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=My-Rights-under-Privacy-Shield
.
4.11 Changes to this Notice.
Vungle will review and update this Notice periodically and will note the date of its most recent revision above. If we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Notice frequently to be informed of how Vungle is protecting your information.
4.12 Contact Us.
If you have questions about our privacy practices, or would like to make a complaint, please contact Vungle’s Data Protection Officer by email at
privacy@vungle.com
or by post using the details provided below:
Residents outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
Vungle, Inc.
Attn: Legal
1255 Battery Street, Suite 500, San Francisco, CA, 94111, United States
European Economic Area (EEA) residents
Vungle Limited
Attn: Data Protection Officer
4th Floor, Farringdon Point, 33 Farringdon Road, London, England, EC1M 3JF
Important note:
If you are resident in the EEA, the “data controller” of your personal information is Vungle, Inc.
This site uses cookies.
Read more
Home
Advertise
Monetize
Creative Labs
Creative Team
Creative Tech
Vungle SDK
Liftoff
GameRefinery
JetFuel
The Plug
TreSensa
Blog
Success Stories
News and Events
Resources
Partners
Careers
Support
About Us
Contact Us
An error has occurred, please try again later.
×
We Value Your Privacy
Settings
NextRoll, Inc. ("NextRoll") and our
19 advertising partners
use cookies and similar technologies on this site and use personal data (e.g., your IP address). If you consent, the cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes described below. You can click "Allow All" or "Decline All" or click Settings above to customise your consent regarding the purposes and features for which your personal data will be processed and/or the partners with whom you will share personal data.
NextRoll and our
advertising partners
process personal data to: ● Store and/or access information on a device; ● Create a personalised content profile; ● Select personalised content; ● Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, audience research and services development; ● Services development. For some of the purposes above, our advertising partners: ● Use precise geolocation data. Some of our partners rely on their legitimate business interests to process personal data. View our
advertising partners
if you wish to provide or deny consent for specific partners, review the purposes each partner believes they have a legitimate interest for, and object to such processing.
If you select Decline All, you will still be able to view content on this site and you will still receive advertising, but the advertising will not be tailored for you. You may change your setting whenever you see the
Manage consent preferences
on this site.
Decline All
Allow All
Manage consent preferences