Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 2, 2024.
Imesart is committed to protect your privacy while you interact with our websites and applications (also referred to as our services). This policy applies to our services only. Although we provide links to other services, these are not covered by this policy. By using our services you agree to this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our services. By using our services, visiting our websites with a browser set to accept cookies or by using our applications you also indicate your consent to the use of cookies and other technologies described here by us and our partners.
Collected Information and usage
Information you provide
When contacting us (using our contact page or by email), you send us some personal information. We may retain this information in order to respond to your query and improve our service. Such information is not sold nor used to create mailing lists. We use two service providers for email. They are obligated to protect your privacy (their privacy policies are available
here
and
here
).
When responding to a survey you send us some information (which may include your device identifier). We use this information to improve and personalize our services. We may also disclose and/or sell such information.
Some of our apps allow you to access third party services (like Dropbox, Google Drive, One Drive, and others). Data stored in those services can be downloaded locally to the device you are using. Unless you manually decide to copy that data elsewhere, our apps will only make local copies of the data (we do not collect nor share it). Some apps allow you to create or edit data stored in third party services, again that data is only stored locally and in the selected cloud service unless you manually copy it.
Information automatically collected
When you visit our websites, we may send some cookies to your device. We use these to improve our service, like for storing preferences and tracking product interest. We use an analytics service provider that will also set cookies. It is obligated to protect your privacy (its privacy policy is available
here
).
We work with various in-app service providers. All of which are obligated to protect your privacy. Some of these may have access to your device identifier and use it, along with other information, according to their privacy policies:
AdMob
,
Amazon
,
Apple
,
Chartboost
,
Mixpanel
,
Flurry / Verizon Media
,
RevenueCat
.
When you access our services, servers logs are generated. These may include information like your public and local IP addresses, the request you sent to the server, information about your device (including your device identifier) and cookies. We use this information to improve, personalize and administrate our services. Some part of our services rely on this information to work.
International data transfers
Information we collect may be stored, processed and transferred to any of the countries in which we operate or in which our service providers operate. This may include countries which do not have data protection laws as those in force in your country. By using our services, you consent to such transfers.
Information security and disclosure
We take appropriate measures to protect the personal information you send to us. However, as data transfers over the internet are inherently insecure, we cannot guarantee the security of the information sent over the internet. Any individual which has access to your personal information is bounded by confidentiality obligations.
Our service providers may have access to some or all personal and non-personal collected information. They are bound by confidentiality obligations.
We may share aggregated information with third parties. By its nature, this information does not contain personal information.
We may disclose information about you for the purpose set out in this privacy policy. We may also disclose information: to the extend we are required by law, in connection with legal proceedings, if you give us your explicit agreement.
Accessing and updating personal information
We make good faith efforts to give you access to your personal information. We will ask identifying information about yourself and about the information you want to access. We may decline to process unreasonable requests.
Amendments
Note that this privacy policy may change from time to time. We will update this page to reflect any changes in the policy.