Simplifying Investing—for Beginners to Pros
In as little as 10 minutes, you could be investing with Digital Investor’s automated or self-directed tools. Want personalized guidance? Our financial advisors can help you create an investing strategy that matches your needs and preferences.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.navyfederal.org/content/dam/nfculibs/pdfs/membership/nfcu_198_privacypolicy.pdf:

Sub-policy 1
https://www.navyfederal.org/policy/ccpa.html:
To continue enjoying all the features of Navy Federal Online, please use a compatible browser.
Confirm your browser capability.
For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable
						JavaScript. Here are the
instructions for how to enable JavaScript in your web browser
.
This California Consumer Privacy Notice (“CCPA Notice”) applies to residents of California to the extent that the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) applies to Navy Federal Credit Union.
The specific Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose relating to a California resident in different contexts covered by the CCPA will vary based on our relationship or interaction with that individual. For example, this CCPA Notice does not apply with respect to information that we collect about California residents who apply for or obtain our financial products and services for personal, family, or household purposes (i.e., information subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (“GLBA”)). For more information about how we collect, disclose, and secure information relating to these customers, please refer to our
Consumer Privacy Policy
. Personal Information that is subject to this CCPA Notice is referred to herein as “CCPA Personal Information”. We may use the information described below for any of the purposes described in this CCPA Notice or for our business, security, or operational purposes compatible with the context in which the Personal Information was collected, unless limitations are listed in this CCPA Notice or described elsewhere at the time of collection of the information.
Collection of CCPA Personal Information
The following table provides examples of the types of CCPA Personal Information we may collect about California residents in different contexts. In many cases, we may not collect all of the following information from each individual. Our collection of CCPA Personal Information depends on the circumstances of our interaction with you.
We collect the categories of CCPA Personal Information described above from the following sources:
Directly from California residents or their representatives;
Service providers, consumer data resellers, and other third parties;
Public record sources (federal, state, or local government sources);
Affiliates;
Website/mobile app activity/social media;
Institutions from member-directed third parties or institutions representing a member/prospect; and
Former employers, professional references, background check service providers, and other similar sources.
How We Share and Disclose CCPA Personal Information
In addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may disclose CCPA Personal Information in the following situations:
Affiliates and Acquisitions
: We may share information with our corporate affiliates (e.g., subsidiaries or other companies under common control). If another company acquires, or plans to acquire, our company, business, or assets, we will also share information with that company, including at the negotiation stage.
Service Providers
: We may share your information with service providers. Among other things, service providers may help us to administer our website, conduct surveys, provide technical support, process payments, and assist in the fulfillment of services.
Legal Obligations
: We may disclose information in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws. We may also share your information in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies, or to comply with your request for the shipment of products to or the provision of services by a third-party intermediary.
Your Consent
: We may disclose your information to other third parties when we have your consent or direction to do so.
In addition to the information above, California law requires that organizations disclose whether specific categories of Personal Information defined in the CCPA have been disclosed to third parties for a “business purpose,” or “sold” or transferred for “valuable consideration” in the preceding 12 months. The table below indicates which of these specified categories we may collect and transfer in a variety of contexts.
California law also requires organizations to disclose additional information with respect to certain categories of sensitive Personal Information they collect. Please see the chart below for further information about how Navy Federal collects and shares sensitive CCPA Personal Information. Please note that the chart describes categories of sensitive CCPA Personal Information collected in a variety of contexts (e.g., an application for employment) and that not all categories will apply to every California resident.
How We Protect and Retain CCPA Personal Information
Keeping CCPA Personal Information secure is one of our most important priorities. Consistent with our obligations under applicable laws and regulations, we maintain physical, technical, electronic, procedural, and organizational safeguards and security measures that are designed to protect personal data against accidental, unlawful, or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure, or access, whether it is processed by us or elsewhere.
We will only retain your CCPA Personal Information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for CCPA Personal Information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the CCPA Personal Information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your CCPA Personal Information, the purposes for which we process your CCPA Personal Information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances, we may anonymize or deidentify your CCPA Personal Information so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you. To the extent we maintain and use CCPA Personal Information in an anonymized or deidentified form, we will not attempt to reidentify the information, except for the purpose of determining whether our anonymization/deidentification processes satisfy our legal obligations.
Rights Under the CCPA
California law provides California residents with the right to make certain choices about your CCPA Personal Information:
Access:
You may have the right to request access to CCPA Personal Information and information regarding the source of that information, the purposes for which we collected it, and the third parties and service providers with whom we shared it. You can also request information concerning the categories of Personal Information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for those parties to use for direct marketing.  In certain limited circumstances, you may also request to receive access to your data in a portable, machine-readable format.
Deletion:
You may have the right to request that such CCPA Personal Information be deleted. Note that in many situations, we may be permitted or required by law to maintain copies of your information.
Modification:
You may have the right to request modification to CCPA Personal Information that we retain about you. We generally rely on you to update and correct your CCPA Personal Information. Note that we may keep historical information in our backup files as permitted by law.
Opt-Out of Sale of Information:
It is Navy Federal’s policy not to sell CCPA Personal Information, and we have not done so in the past 12 months. Because Navy Federal does not sell your CCPA Personal Information, we do not offer an opt-out under the CCPA.
Opt-Out of Sharing Personal Information for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising:
You have a right to opt out of sharing personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes. We respond to and abide by opt-out preference signals sent by the Global Privacy Control (GPC) when enabled in your browser or browser extension. We process enabled GPC signals in a “frictionless manner” under California law. You can exercise your right to opt out by enabling GPC in your browser. GPC is a browser setting that allows you to enable a privacy signal for websites to utilize when you visit. When we detect an enabled GPC signal from a capable browser or extension, our web services will not share personal information for certain targeted advertising purposes in accordance with applicable laws. Please note that your preferences will apply only to the specific browser from which you opt out. You will need to opt out separately on all your browsers. If you disable cookies, change web browsers, or use a different device, you may need to opt out again. Our web services do not function differently in response to browser "Do Not Track" signals, but you may opt out of targeted advertising as described above.
Objection to Certain Processing of Sensitive Information:
In some cases, you may object to our use or disclosure of the sensitive CCPA Personal Information we collect. For more information about the types of Sensitive Data that we collect, see the How We Share and Disclose CCPA Personal Information section above.
Please note, not all of the rights described above are absolute, and they do not apply in all circumstances. In some cases, we may limit or deny your request because the law permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity. We will not discriminate against individuals who exercise their privacy rights under applicable law.
Authorized Agents
You also have the right to use an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf. California residents who have a relationship with Navy Federal may rely on a valid general power of attorney already on file that appoints the Authorized Agent as Attorney-in-Fact. California residents who do not have a valid general power of attorney already on file, or do not have a relationship with Navy Federal, must designate their authorized agent using the
limited CCPA Power of Attorney Form
.
Parents/legal guardians making requests on behalf of their minor children will need to complete the
Parent/Legal Guardian Cover Sheet
and include a certified copy of the birth certificate or legal document to provide proof of their status.
Completed limited CCPA POA Forms and Parent/Legal Guardian Cover Sheets may either be:
mailed to
Navy Federal Credit Union, P.O. Box 2464, Merrifield, VA 22116-2464
; or
dropped off at a Navy Federal branch located in California (
Branch Locator
).
How to Make Requests
If you are a California resident, you or your authorized agent can use any of the following methods to make a request to exercise the rights described above.
For Members, Consumers, and Applicants:
Using the
Public Portal
.
Calling us toll-free at
1-888-842-6328
.
Visiting one of our
branches
in California.
Verification Process
Upon submission of your request, we will take steps to verify your identity and, if applicable, the authorized agent. Those steps may vary, however, depending on your relationship with Navy Federal and the intake method.
Further, in rare cases, we may require you to visit a Navy Federal branch or acknowledge your identity before a notary public. If required for CCPA purposes, Navy Federal branches located in California (
Branch Locator
) that offer notary services will do so free of charge.
Responses
We will work to process all verified requests within 45 days. If we need an extension in order to process your request, we will reach out to you.
In some instances, we may not be able to honor your request. For example, we will not honor your request if we cannot verify your identity or confirm that the CCPA Personal Information that we maintain relates to you, or if we cannot verify that you have the authority to make a request on behalf of another individual. Additionally, we may not honor your request where an exception applies, such as where the disclosure of CCPA Personal Information would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of another individual or where the Personal Information that we maintain about you is not subject to the CCPA’s rights.
We will advise you in our response if we are not able to honor your request. We will not provide Social Security Numbers, driver’s license numbers or government-issued identification numbers, financial account numbers, healthcare or medical identification numbers, account passwords or security questions and answers, or any specific pieces of information if the disclosure presents the possibility of unauthorized access that could result in identity theft or fraud or unreasonable risk to data or systems and network security.
Contact for More Information
For any questions, comments, or complaints regarding our privacy practices, or if you need to access this Privacy Policy in an alternative format due to having a disability, please call us at
1-888-842-6328
.
Date Last Updated: December 27, 2023
Back to
top
You are leaving a Navy Federal domain to go to:
Cancel
Proceed
to You are leaving a Navy Federal domain to go to:
Navy Federal does not provide, and is not responsible for, the product, service, overall website content, security, or privacy policies on any external third-party sites. The Navy Federal Credit Union privacy and security policies do not apply to the linked site. Please consult the site's policies for further information.