Sporty’s Privacy Policy
Last Revised 08-13-2024
For over fifty years our philosophy has been to earn and keep our customers’ trust and to provide the best service and customer satisfaction in the retail industry. Because of this philosophy, we treat the information you provide us in confidence. Sporty’s consistently works to improve Sporty’s security measures. However, no security system is foolproof and Sporty’s cannot guarantee the security of the user’s information.
When you visit Sporty's Sites, our web server will recognize your Internet service provider. This collection of visitor information allows us to make our site work better for you. Your name and address are stored on our web server so it is available when you log in to your account with your user name and password.
We use COOKIES, which are small files placed on your computer's hard drive. By continuing to use Sporty's Sites you agree for these files to be added. The cookies are used to personalize content and ads, provide social media features, and analyze traffic. Cookies can provide services for users by, for example:
Enabling the functionality of some specific services like payment which will not work without those cookies.
Enabling a service to recognize your device so you don't have to give the same information several times during one task.
Collecting information about abandoned shopping carts. A cart is considered abandoned within one hour of inactivity/lack of purchase. Once the cart is considered abandoned, an SMS message may be sent as a reminder.
Recognizing that you may already have given a username and password when logged in to Sporty's Sites so you don't need to do it for every web page requested.
Measuring how many people are using our sites, so they can be made easier to use and ensuring sufficient capacity is available.
Analyzing data to help us understand how you use online services so we can improve them.
In addition to cookies, we may also use device identifiers, web storage, and other technologies to collect information about your interactions with our content and services.
These technologies may be used to help us see which of our interactive experiences online users like most. Cookies and similar technologies also allow us to associate your online navigational information and purchases and interactions (both online and offline) with personal information you provide (such as name, address, phone number, survey responses, and email address). We and third-party advertising partners may use cookies, pixels and similar technologies to collect information about the websites you visit and your device (e.g., your IP address, cookie identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). We and our partners may use this information for our, and our partners’, business purposes, including to send online and offline communications about products and services that may be of interest to you. We or our partners may use the information we collected about your browser or device to associate it with a physical mailing address so that we can mail you advertisements and/or content we think you may be interested in and for other business purposes. For example, we may use this information to: deliver products and services to you; improve our business; transact business; and market our products and services through a variety of media like email, online advertising, and direct mail.
If you choose not to use cookies during your visit, you should be aware that certain functions and pages will not work as expected. As an example, you may not be able to use the wish list feature.
When ordering or requesting a catalog, customers provide Sporty’s with certain information such as name, physical and email address, telephone number, credit card number, etc. This information is necessary to process an order. A customer’s telephone number is used when we have a question about the order. It may also be used by a delivery service if there is a question about delivery. For its own use and for your future transactions Sporty’s retains information about its customers.
We send customers periodic catalog mailings and send emails announcing items we believe may be of interest to them. We also make our mailing list (name and address only, not our email list or telephone numbers) available to a few reputable, carefully screened companies whose products you may find of interest. You may opt-out of catalog mailings and/or our transfer of mailing lists to other companies.  You may also access the information we have about you and make corrections or deletions it if it is inaccurate. We also receive mailing list information from other companies. We may also share personal information with third party marketing partners for commercial purposes.
Sporty's, including all owned brands such as Sporty's Pilot Shop, Sporty's Aviation Gifts, Sporty's Tool Shop, and Sporty's Preferred Living, uses cookies to collect information about abandoned shopping carts.
Personal information is released to law enforcement agencies if requested or if there is a court order. Please let us know by email or telephone if you do not wish us to disclose your mailing list information, which includes some personal information, to any third parties.
We expect to continue to earn your trust for at least another fifty years.
You can always contact our customer service department at support@sportys.com to discuss our privacy policy, to change your account information, or to have your information removed from our Sites.
Sporty's Privacy Policy
Last Revised 01/23/2024
For over sixty years our philosophy has been to earn and keep our customers’ trust and to provide the best service and customer satisfaction in the retail industry. Because of this philosophy, we treat the information you provide us in confidence. Sporty’s consistently works to improve Sporty’s security measures. However, no security system is foolproof and Sporty’s cannot guarantee the security of the user’s information.
When you visit Sporty's Sites, our web server will recognize your Internet service provider. This collection of visitor information allows us to make our site work better for you. Your name and address are stored on our web server so it is available when you log in to your account with your username and password.
When ordering or requesting a catalog, customers provide Sporty’s with certain information such as name, physical and email address, telephone number, credit card number, etc. This information is necessary to process an order. A customer’s telephone number is used when we have a question about the order. It may also be used by a delivery service if there is a question about delivery. For its own use and for your future transactions Sporty’s retains information about its customers.
After Sporty's has received an individual's consent Sporty's may send promotional and personal marketing text (e.g., SMS and MMS) messages. If Sporty's receives a text response with the word "stop" it will stop sending you text message solicitations.
We send customers periodic catalog mailings and send emails announcing items we believe may be of interest to them. We also make our mailing list (name and address only, not our email list or telephone numbers) available to a few reputable, carefully screened companies whose products you may find of interest. You may opt-out of catalog mailings and/or our transfer of mailing lists to other companies.  You may also access the information we have about you and make corrections or deletions it if it is inaccurate. We also receive mailing list information from other companies. We may also share personal information with third party marketing partners for commercial purposes.
Personal information is released to law enforcement agencies if requested or if there is a court order. Please let us know by email or telephone if you do not wish us to disclose your mailing list information, which includes some personal information, to any third parties.
We expect to continue to earn your trust for at least another sixty years.
You may contact our customer service department at support@sportys.com to discuss our privacy policy, to change your account information, or to have your information removed from our Sites.
COOKIE POLICY
We value your privacy and are committed to being transparent about the technologies we use. Our Cookie Policy was created to explain how and why cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit one of our Sites. By continuing to browse or use our Sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies as described in this Cookie Policy.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie is used to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. Cookies may improve services for you through, for example:
Enabling the functionality of some specific services like payment which will not work without those cookies.
Enabling a service to recognize your device so you don't have to give the same information several times during one task.
Collecting information about abandoned shopping carts. A cart is considered abandoned within one hour of inactivity/lack of purchase. Once the cart is considered abandoned, an SMS message may be sent as a reminder.
Recognizing that you may already have given a username and password when logged in to Sporty's Sites so you don't need to do it for every web page requested.
Measuring how many people are using services, so they can be made easier to use and to ensure that there's enough capacity to ensure they are fast.
Analyzing data to help us understand how you use online services so we can improve them.
If you choose not to use cookies during your visit, you should be aware that certain functions and pages will not work as expected. As an example, you may not be able to use the wish list feature.
This privacy policy sets out how  uses and protects any information
    that you give  when you use this website.
     is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
    Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website,
    then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
     may change this policy from time to time by updating this page.
    You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the
List of cookies we collect
section.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service,
    and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we
        think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes.
        We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website
        according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure,
    we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure
    the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive.
    Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit
    a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application
    can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about
    your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic
    and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical
    analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful
    and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you,
    other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies.
    Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting
    to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links
    to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.
    Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst
    visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
    You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate
        that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes,
        you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at
        support@sportys.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission
    or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information
    about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998.
    A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to
    .
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete,
    please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address.
    We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE name
COOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Sporty’s Privacy Policy:
Last Revised 01-23-2024
For over fifty years our philosophy has been to earn and keep our customers’ trust and to provide the best service and customer satisfaction in the retail industry. Because of this philosophy, we treat the information you provide us in confidence. Sporty’s consistently works to improve Sporty’s security measures. However, no security system is foolproof and Sporty’s cannot guarantee the security of the user’s information.
When you visit Sporty's Sites, our web server will recognize your Internet service provider. This collection of visitor information allows us to make our site work better for you. Your name and address are stored on our web server so it is available when you log in to your account with your user name and password.
When ordering or requesting a catalog, customers provide Sporty’s with certain information such as name, physical and email address, telephone number, credit card number, etc. This information is necessary to process an order. A customer’s telephone number is used when we have a question about the order. It may also be used by a delivery service if there is a question about delivery. For its own use and for your future transactions Sporty’s retains information about its customers.
We send customers periodic catalog mailings and send emails announcing items we believe may be of interest to them. We also make our mailing list (name and address only, not our email list or telephone numbers) available to a few reputable, carefully screened companies whose products you may find of interest. You may opt-out of catalog mailings and/or our transfer of mailing lists to other companies.  You may also access the information we have about you and make corrections or deletions it if it is inaccurate. We also receive mailing list information from other companies. We may also share personal information with third party marketing partners for commercial purposes.
Sporty's, including all owned brands such as Sporty's Pilot Shop, Sporty's Wright Bros., Sporty's Tool Shop, and Sporty's Preferred Living, uses cookies to collect information about abandoned shopping carts. A cart is considered abandoned within one hour of inactivity/lack of purchase. Once the cart is considered abandoned, an SMS message may be sent as a reminder.
Personal information is released to law enforcement agencies if requested or if there is a court order. Please let us know by email or telephone if you do not wish us to disclose your mailing list information, which includes some personal information, to any third parties.
We expect to continue to earn your trust for at least another fifty years.
You can always contact our customer service department at
support@sportys.com
to discuss our privacy policy, to change your account information, or to have your information removed from our Sites.
Sporty’s Privacy Policy:
Last Revised 07-18-2023
For over fifty years our philosophy has been to earn and keep our customers’ trust and to provide the best service and customer satisfaction in the retail industry. Because of this philosophy, we treat the information you provide us in confidence. Sporty’s consistently works to improve Sporty’s security measures. However, no security system is foolproof and Sporty’s cannot guarantee the security of the user’s information.
When you visit Sporty's Sites, our web server will recognize your Internet service provider. This collection of visitor information allows us to make our site work better for you. Your name and address are stored on our web server so it is available when you log in to your account with your user name and password.
When ordering or requesting a catalog, customers provide Sporty’s with certain information such as name, physical and email address, telephone number, credit card number, etc. This information is necessary to process an order. A customer’s telephone number is used when we have a question about the order. It may also be used by a delivery service if there is a question about delivery. For its own use and for your future transactions Sporty’s retains information about its customers.
We send customers periodic catalog mailings and send emails announcing items we believe may be of interest to them. We also make our mailing list (name and address only, not our email list or telephone numbers) available to a few reputable, carefully screened companies whose products you may find of interest. You may opt-out of catalog mailings and/or our transfer of mailing lists to other companies.  You may also access the information we have about you and make corrections or deletions it if it is inaccurate. We also receive mailing list information from other companies. We may also share personal information with third party marketing partners for commercial purposes.
Sporty's, including all owned brands such as Sporty's Pilot Shop, Sporty's Wright Bros., Sporty's Tool Shop, and Sporty's Preferred Living, uses cookies to collect information about abandoned shopping carts. A cart is considered abandoned within one hour of inactivity/lack of purchase. Once the cart is considered abandoned, an SMS message may be sent as a reminder.
Personal information is released to law enforcement agencies if requested or if there is a court order. Please let us know by email or telephone if you do not wish us to disclose your mailing list information, which includes some personal information, to any third parties.
We expect to continue to earn your trust for at least another fifty years.
You can always contact our customer service department at
support@sportys.com
to discuss our privacy policy, to change your account information, or to have your information removed from our Sites.