Select Your Portal
1st Generation Portal
For cameras and other devices which use the old mydlink Lite app (model numbers ending in L)
2nd Generation Portal
For cameras which use the new mydlink app (model numbers ending in LH)
You can switch between these portals later by clicking "CHANGE PORTAL" from the menu at the top of the screen.
Sign in
Home
Product
Mobile App
Help
Privacy Policy
Official Information
Global D-Link
About mydlink
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Privacy Pledge
Cookie Preferences
Product
Cloud Cameras
Mobile App
Download Apps
Help
FAQ
Download
Support
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://sso.dlink.com/privacy-pledge:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Your Privacy is Our Priority
Safeguarding your personal data is of utmost importance to us. Protecting the confidentiality and security of customer information has always been an integral part of our products and services. We pledge to ensure your personal data remains under your control at all times.
Your Information Belongs to You
Your data will never be used for purposes other than to provide better services to benefit your home or business network. We will never provide your information to our partners without your consent. Your information will never be provided to law enforcement unless requested by a subpoena or court order.
We Support Privacy Legislation
Please be assured that we will process your personal data in strict compliance with local data protection laws, including CCPA and GDPR.
We Protect Your Videos
Videos and data transferred over the Internet are encrypted. Our cloud-based recording service securely stores videos on the cloud. When a video expires, the video is permanently deleted.
We Protect Your Accounts
We provide two-factor authentication to protect your account from unauthorized access. You have total control over which devices can have access to your data at all times.
For more information regarding our Privacy Policy, please visit:
https://sso.dlink.com/privacy-policy