As the publishers of DIVE, Syon Geographical Ltd is committed to respecting the privacy of its users. However, we do collect and use various bits of information about you through your use of this website, and this policy sets out the basis on which your personal data will be collected, stored and processed. The data collector for this website is Syon Geographical Ltd, with its registered office at 3.16 Q West, Great West Road, Brentford, Middlesex, TW8 0GP England. Please note that this policy only addresses our activities, and other sites to which this website links may have their own privacy policies and practices, which we do not control.
1. Collection
We shall ask you to supply personal information (data) to us in the following circumstances:
(a) when you wish to become a registered user of this website (www.divemagazine.com) and/or
(b) when you wish to buy or utilise any of our products or services.
2. Information
The personal data that we shall ask you to supply could include the following:
(a) your name, address, and email address; and
(b) your postcode and telephone number; and
(c) (if you make purchases) your credit card or other financial or payment details.
We may also ask you to provide other personal data to us for particular purposes, such as supplying our products or services to you. In each case, it will be your decision as to whether you supply us with the information in question or not.
3. Use of your personal information
We shall only use your personal data for the following purposes where applicable:
(a) to identify you as a registered user of our website;
(b) to provide you with products and services (which may include products and services that we supply in association with other businesses);
(c) to process any applicable payments from you;
(d) to send you information regarding our products and services with your consent;
(e) to send you information regarding the products and services of other businesses with your consent;
(f) to notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions from time to time;
(g) for our own internal purposes in connection with risk control, resolving consumer disputes; and
(h) for producing statistics and other information relating to our business and the users of our website.
WE WILL NEVER SELL YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS TO A THIRD PARTY or sell lists of emails to other companies. We do however send emails from our own email servers on behalf of advertisers from time to time. These are never spammy, they always provide value to the reader and the frequency is never more than two a week.
General Information
Any information or statistics relating to our business that we disclose to others shall not identify you personally. We may, for example, perform statistical analyses of the behaviour of the users of our website in order to measure interest in the various areas of our site and to tell advertisers how many users of our website have seen or “clicked” their advertising banners. This information, and any other general information about our users that we share with advertisers and other partners, will not disclose personal information about you.
4. Disclosure of your personal information
We shall only disclose your personal data to other people in the following circumstances:
(a) to verify and process any payment instructions that you give us when you order any of our products or services;
(b) to other businesses, when we are providing products or services to you in association with those businesses (see 3(b) above);
(c) to prepare or send any communications to you, or to assist us in connection with any of our administrative or business functions, or in the provision of any of our products or our services to you;
(d) to verify your credit worthiness or financial circumstances, for the purpose of making credit decisions, and in connection with fraud prevention and tracing debtors; and
(e) if we are asked to do by any legal or regulatory authority, or if we believe that it would be proper to do so in connection with any legal or regulatory matter.
Unless they are already legally bound to keep your personal data confidential, we shall enter into agreements with anyone to whom we disclose your personal data under (a), (b), (c) and (d) above obliging them to keep your personal data confidential.
5. Sale and supply
We shall comply with the following restrictions in relation to your personal information.
(a) We shall not sell your personal data to anyone else.
(b) Subject to the exception in point 4(e) above, we shall not supply your personal data to anyone else so that they can use it for their own purposes. The only time your email address could be transferred to another party is if that party actually bought the brand DIVE magazine in its entirety. This would constitute the third party actually becoming DIVE magazine.
6. Security of your personal information
We shall take steps to ensure that your personal data is kept reasonably secure while it is in our possession, and your credit card details will only be stored and transmitted by us in an encrypted form.
7. Other information that we collect
When you visit our site we may log IP addresses, or the location of your computer on the Internet, for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes.
We may collect information about your viewing habits when you visit our website through your IP address and by using cookies and other web tools in the following ways.
(a) Cookies. A “cookie” is a small electronic file that collects information when someone visits a website. A cookie can identify the pages that are being viewed, and this can assist us to select the pages that the viewer sees. Some cookies only exist while viewers are online, but “persistent” cookies – which are not session-based – remain on the viewer’s computer, so that he or she can be recognised as a previous visitor when he or she next visits our website. This information allows us to collect information about a viewer’s browsing habits, and this can be useful in assisting us to monitor and improve our services. We do not store sensitive information such as account numbers or passwords in “persistent” cookies, and cookies, in themselves, do not contain enough information to identify you. You will only acquire a personal identity in relation to your browsing habits after you have formally provided us with your personal data for the purposes outlined in Point 3 above.
(b) GIF and other web tools. In addition to using cookies, we might also use GIFs and other web tools to collect information about your browsing activities. In this respect, the information that is provided is similar to the information supplied by cookies, and we use it for the same purposes. Information that we automatically collect and analyse about you may include: the Internet Protocol (IP) address that you use to connect your computer to the Internet; your login, email address, and password; the computer and connection information relating to you (such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform); your purchase history; the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from this website (including date and time); and any items you viewed or searched for. Any information that we acquire about you using cookies, GIFs or other web tools, or which we collect in any other way is subject to the same restrictions and conditions as any of the more formal personal data we collect about you.
NOTE. Some of the advertisements on our website may contain cookies, GIFs, or other web tools that are set by other people such as advertising agencies, or the businesses to which the advertisements in question relate. We do not have access to any information that might be collected in this way, and (if you are concerned) you should contact the advertiser for more information.
Mediavine Programmatic Advertising (Ver 1.1)
The Website works with Mediavine to manage third-party interest-based advertising appearing on the Website. Mediavine serves content and advertisements when you visit the Website, which may use first and third-party cookies. A cookie is a small text file which is sent to your computer or mobile device (referred to in this policy as a “device”) by the web server so that a website can remember some information about your browsing activity on the Website.
First party cookies are created by the website that you are visiting. A third-party cookie is frequently used in behavioral advertising and analytics and is created by a domain other than the website you are visiting. Third-party cookies, tags, pixels, beacons and other similar technologies (collectively, “Tags”) may be placed on the Website to monitor interaction with advertising content and to target and optimize advertising. Each internet browser has functionality so that you can block both first and third-party cookies and clear your browser’s cache. The “help” feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, how to disable existing cookies and how to clear your browser’s cache. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at
All About Cookies
.
Without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of the Website content and features. Please note that rejecting cookies does not mean that you will no longer see ads when you visit our Site. In the event you opt-out, you will still see non-personalized advertisements on the Website.
The Website collects the following data using a cookie when serving personalized ads:
IP Address
Operating System type
Operating System version
Device Type
Language of the website
Web browser type
Email (in hashed form)
Mediavine Partners (companies listed below with whom Mediavine shares data) may also use this data to link to other end user information the partner has independently collected to deliver targeted advertisements. Mediavine Partners may also separately collect data about end users from other sources, such as advertising IDs or pixels, and link that data to data collected from Mediavine publishers in order to provide interest-based advertising across your online experience, including devices, browsers and apps. This data includes usage data, cookie information, device information, information about interactions between users and advertisements and websites, geolocation data, traffic data, and information about a visitor’s referral source to a particular website. Mediavine Partners may also create unique IDs to create audience segments, which are used to provide targeted advertising.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices to opt-in or opt-out of this data collection, please visit
National Advertising Initiative opt out page
. You may also visit
Digital Advertising Alliance website
and
Network Advertising Initiative website
to learn more information about interest-based advertising. You may download the AppChoices app at
Digital Advertising Alliance’s AppChoices app
to opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt out.
For specific information about Mediavine Partners, the data each collects and their data collection and privacy policies, please visit
Mediavine Partners
.
8. Amendments, cancellation, and contact us
At your request, we shall make any amendments that you stipulate to the personal data that you have supplied us with. If you require it we shall also remove your name and personal data from our database. This shall be on the basis that you shall be deemed to have cancelled any contract or licence you may have had with us that the personal data in question, related to, and (as we shall not have been at fault in those circumstances) you shall not be entitled to any compensation or refunds in relation to the cancellation of the applicable contract or licence.
Please contact us at info@divemagazine.com in relation to the matters to which this Point 7 relates, or if you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy.
This Privacy Policy has been prepared to meet the requirements of the UK’s Data Protection Act 1998, and that Act only relates to the collection, protection, disclosure and use of personal data belonging to living individuals. It does not relate to data regarding companies and other non-living entities, although the general principles regarding our collection and use of data is broadly the same irrespective of whether the users of our website are living individuals or not.
SYON GEOGRAPHICAL LTD is a company incorporated in England and Wales under Company Number 7457559.
Registered Office: 3.16 Q West, Great West Road, Brentford, Middlesex, TW8 0GP