End-User Agreement for:
Folder Lock
®
for iPhone – NewSoftwares.net
This End User License Agreement (“Agreement”) is a legal agreement between you, the customer, and NewSoftwares.net, regarding the purchase, use, and installation of NewSoftware’s Folder Lock for iPhone Application (Hereinafter collectively the “NewSoftware’s Products”). In this Agreement, “you” and “your” refer to you, the customer and his or her agents and we “, “us and our” is herein collectively referred to as “Newsoftwares” “Newsoftwares Inc.” “NewSoftware’s” “NewSoftwares.net”, “NewSoftwares.net”, “NewSoftwares.net, Inc).
NEWSOFTWARES.NET IS WILLING TO ALLOW THE SALE AND USE OF THE NEWSOFTWARE’S PRODUCTS TO YOU ONLY UPON THE CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT. BY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT YOU ARE BINDING YOURSELF TO THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEN NEWSOFTWARES.NET IS UNWILLING TO ALLOW THE SALE AND USE OF THE NEWSOFTWARE’S PRODUCTS TO YOU.
ANY PURCHASE OR USE OF ANY NEWSOFTWARE’S PRODUCTS WITHOUT AGREEING TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED.
If you use NewSoftware’s Products in or from outside the United States of America, then you are responsible for compliance with applicable laws in your country when using the product.
DESCRIPTION OF NEWSOFTWARE’S PRODUCTS.
Folder Lock is a feature-packed, dynamic data security application. It has a range of comprehensive security features that allows you password-protect, organize and hide your sensitive files, folders, videos, images and other receptive data saved on your Windows PC, USB drives, Android and iPhone devices. You can visit
https://newsoftwares.net
for more information.
GRANT OF LICENSE
Unless otherwise noted in this Agreement, and to the full extent allowed under any applicable laws, all terms and conditions of this agreement apply to purchases and use of any and all NewSoftware’s Products.
NEWSOFTWARE’S PRODUCTS LIMITED EVALUATION LICENSE
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you are hereby licensed by NewSoftwares.net to use for evaluation purposes only one copy of Folder Lock for iPhone per mobile device without charge, with some limitations in the free version. If you want to continue to use Folder Lock for iPhone without limitations, you must acquire from NewSoftwares.net, for a fee, a license for Folder Lock for iPhone and agree to pay the associated fee to iPhone App Store.
NON-EVALUATION GRANT OF LICENSE
Conditioned upon compliance with the terms and conditions of this agreement including the purchase of Folder Lock for iPhone, NewSoftwares.net grants to you a non-exclusive and non-transferable license to use those NewSoftware’s Products that you have purchased and their related Documentation. You may only use each single copy of Folder Lock for iPhone you purchase on one device at a time; however, you are allowed to transfer each purchased Folder Lock for iPhone copy from one mobile device to another, single mobile device as long as you does not abuse this privilege (e.g., repeated transfers of the Folder Lock Software for the purpose of backing up multiple mobile devices without the purchase of multiple licenses). What actions constitute an abuse is the sole discretion of NewSoftwares.net “Documentation” as used in this agreement means written information (whether contained in user or technical manuals, training materials, specifications or otherwise) specifically pertaining to the NewSoftware’s products and made available by NewSoftwares.net with the NewSoftware’s Products in any manner.
TITLE AND LIMITATIONS
This is a license, not a transfer of title, to the Folder Lock for iPhone and Documentation.
NewSoftwares.net retains ownership of all copies of the Folder Lock for iPhone and Documentation. You are granted no implied licenses to any other intellectual property rights other than as specifically granted herein. You acknowledge that the Folder Lock for iPhone and Documentation contain trade secrets of New Softwares.net, its suppliers, or licensors, including but not limited to, the specific internal design and structure of individual programs and associated interface information. Accordingly, except as otherwise expressly provided under this Agreement, you shall have no right and you specifically agree NOT TO:
i. Transfer, assign or sublicense its license rights to another person or entity and you acknowledge that any attempted transfer, assignment, sublicense or use shall be void.
ii. Make error corrections to, or otherwise modify or adapt, the Folder Lock for iPhone or to create derivative works based upon the Folder Lock for iPhone, or permit third parties to do the same;
iii. Reverse engineer or decompile, decrypt, disassemble or otherwise reduce the Folder Lock for iPhone Software to human-readable form, except to the extent otherwise expressly permitted under applicable law notwithstanding this restriction;
IV. Use or permit the Folder Lock for iPhone to be used to perform services for third parties, whether on a service bureau or time sharing basis or otherwise, without the express written authorization of New Softwares.net; disclose, provide, or otherwise make available trade secrets contained within the Folder Lock for iPhone and Documentation in any form, to any third party without the prior written consent of NewSoftwares.net. You shall implement reasonable security measures to protect such trade secrets; or use the Folder Lock for iPhone software to develop any software application intended for resale which employs the Folder Lock for iPhone.
SOFTWARE, UPGRADES, AND ADDITIONAL COPIES
For Purposes of this Agreement, “Software” shall include (and the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall apply to) the Folder Lock for iPhone Software and any upgrades, updates, bug fixes or modified versions thereto (collectively, “Upgrades”) or backup copies of the Folder Lock for iPhone licensed or provided to you by New Softwares.net for free or for a discounted price based on iPhone App Store terms and conditions.
MODIFICATIONS
You agree that New Softwares.net may, at Its sole discretion, access our software on your mobile device, and / or cause Folder Lock Software to contact New Softwares.net, in order to provide additional or modified functionality, updates, enhancements, security updates and patches, and upgrades to Folder Lock for iPhone or to remove or terminate the functionality of any Folder Lock Software in accordance with the termination provisions of this Agreement (collectively “modifications”). All Modifications will be related to the NewSoftware’s Products and will not include additional software from third parties.
UNINSTALLING
You may Uninstall Folder Lock Software by using any uninstall utility that accompanies the installed Folder Lock for iPhone or through the uninstall mechanism provided by your compatible operating system. Uninstalling the FOLDER LOCK SOFTWARE will cause them to cease to functioning. Uninstalling Folder Lock for iPhone or Folder Lock for iPhone will result in you not being able to access any protected data that was stored using the Folder Lock for iPhone software. Uninstalling free Folder Lock for iPhone will result in the inability of others backing up to that device to retrieve their backed up data from that device. NewSoftwares.net does not warrant that any and all portions of the Folder Lock for iPhone will be removed by any uninstall utility or the uninstall mechanism of your operating system. NewSoftwares.net does not warrant that all of your mobile device’s software content, including but not limited to the operating system, will regress to a state of operation, including but not limited to settings and options that are identical to those that existed prior to the installation of Folder Lock Software. You remain bound by the terms of this Agreement, including but not limited to its disclaimer of warranties, limitation of liability, exclusive remedy, intellectual property and ownership clauses even after you uninstall the Folder Lock Software.
PROPRIETARY NOTICES
You agree to maintain and respect copyright, trademarks and other proprietary notices on all copies, in any form, of the Folder Lock for iPhone and avoid all sorts of infringements in the same form and manner that such copyright and other proprietary notices are included on the Folder Lock for iPhone Software.
Except as expressly authorized in this Agreement, you shall not make any copies or duplicates of any Folder Lock Software without the prior written permission of New
Softwares.net.
TERMINATION
This Agreement shall be effective as of your acceptance of this Agreement and shall continue in effect until terminated by either party. Either party may, at its election and in its sole discretion, terminate this Agreement at will, except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement. NewSoftwares.net specifically reserves the right to terminate this agreement and your use of NewSoftware’s products immediately, without notice from NewSoftwares.net, if you fail to comply with any provision of this Agreement.
ACCORDING TO THIS SECTION OR OTHER SECTIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, NEWSOFTWARES.NET MAY TERMINATE YOUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE TO USE NEW SOFTWARES.NET PRODUCTS OR
SERVICES.
ALLOCATION OF RISK
You acknowledge and agree that NewSoftwares.net has set its prices and entered into this agreement and sales of NewSoftware’s Products in reliance upon the disclaimers of warranty and the limitations of liability set forth herein, that the same reflect an allocation of risk between the parties (including the risk that a contract remedy may fail of its essential purpose and cause consequential loss) and that the same form an essential basis of the bargain between the parties.
LIMITED WARRANTY
NewSoftwares.net warrants that, for a period of ninety (90) days from the date of the first purchase of Folder Lock Software that such version, in the form delivered by NewSoftwares.net, will substantially conform to and perform substantially in accordance with NewSoftware’s published documentation, to the extent such exists, with respect thereto when installed and operated in accordance with NewSoftware’s specifications, and NewSoftwares.net will endeavor to correct any failure of the NewSoftware’s Products to so conform or perform of which NewSoftwares.net receives written notice from you within said ninety (90) day period. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, NEWSOFTWARE’S PRODUCTS FURNISHED BY NEWSOFTWARES.NET AND ACCEPTED BY YOU ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER. ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE SPECIFICALLY EXCLUDED AND DISCLAIMED BY NEWSOFTWARES.NET. NEWSOFTWARES.NET DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE NEWSOFTWARE’S PRODUCTS OR ASSOCIATED DOCUMENTATION WILL MEET THE YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE NEWSOFTWARE’S PRODUCTS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF NEWSOFTWARE’S PRODUCTS IS WITH YOU.
LIMITATION OF REMEDIES. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR BREACH OF THE FOREGOING LIMITED WARRANTY WILL BE THAT (A) NEWSOFTWARES.NET WILL ENDEAVOR TO CORRECT WITHIN A REASONABLE TIME ANY REPORTED FAILURE OF NEWSOFTWARE’S PRODUCTS TO SUBSTANTIALLY CONFORM TO OR PERFORM SUBSTANTIALLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH NEWSOFTWARE’S SPECIFICATIONS, TO THE EXTENT SUCH SPECIFICATIONS EXIST, DURING THE WARRANTY PERIOD SET FORTH IN SECTION 12 OF THIS AGREEMENT OR (B) IN THE EVENT THAT NEWSOFTWARES.NET SHALL FAIL OR BE UNABLE FOR ANY REASON TO CORRECT ANY SUCH FAILURE OR NON-CONFORMITY OF THE NEWSOFTWARE’S PRODUCTS YOU MAY TERMINATE THE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT AS TO THE AFFECTED NEWSOFTWARE’S PRODUCTS.
LIMITATION OF NEW SOFTWARES.NET LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL NEW SOFTWARES.NET BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, LOST DATA, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA, LOST REVENUE, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF CAPITAL OR OTHER SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY NEWSOFTWARE’S PRODUCT FURNISHED OR TO BE FURNISHED BY NEWSOFTWARES.NET UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE THEREOF, EVEN IF NEW SOFTWARES.NET HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE, AND THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF NEWSOFTWARES.NET UPON ANY AND ALLCLAIMS HOWSOEVER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY NEWSOFTWARE’S PRODUCTS.
FURNISHED OR TO BE FURNISHED BY NEWSOFTWARES.NET UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL IN ANY EVENT BE ABSOLUTELY LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO NEWSOFTWARES.NET FOR YOUR PURCHASES OF NEWSOFTWARE’S PRODUCTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL OPERATE TO RELIEVE NEWSOFTWARES.NET FROM LIABILITY FOR ITS OWN WILLFUL OR WANTON RECKLESSNESS OR INTENTIONAL TORTS.
COPYRIGHT, PATENT, TRADE SECRET, AND TRADEMARK INDEMNITY. Subject to the limitations of Section 14, NewSoftwares.net will defend you and hold you harmless against liability upon any claim by any third party that the NewSoftware’s Products as furnished by NewSoftwares.net infringe or violate any copyright, trademark or trade secret rights of such third party or any patent rights of such third party under a United States patent issued as of the effective date of this agreement, provided that: a) you notify NewSoftwares.net promptly in writing of any notice of any such claim; b) you cooperate with NewSoftwares.net in all reasonable respects in connection with the investigation and defense of any such claim; c) NewSoftwares.net shall have sole control of the defense of any action
On any such claim and all negotiations for its settlement or compromise; and d) should the NewSoftware’s Products become, or in NewSoftware’s opinion be likely to become, the subject of a claim of copyright, patent or trademark infringement or trade secret misappropriation, you will permit NewSoftwares.net, at NewSoftwares. Net’s option and expense, either to: i) procure for you the right to continue using the affected NewSoftware’s Products; ii) replace or modify the same so that it becomes non-infringing; or iii) terminate this Agreement with respect to such NewSoftware’s products and refund to you the amount of the license fees paid to NewSoftware’s for charges for the thirty (30) day billing cycle during which you notified NewSoftwares.net in writing of any such claims. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, however, NewSoftwares.net shall have no obligation or liability under any provision of this Section if any copyright, patent or trademark infringement or trade secret misappropriation claim is based upon use of NewSoftware’s Products in a manner other than that for which it was furnished by New Softwares.net, upon any NewSoftware’s Products which has been modified by or for you in such a way as to cause it? To become infringing, or upon any trademark or service mark which is not used by NewSoftwares.net
INDEMNITY BY YOU
You will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify New Softwares.net against and hold NewSoftwares.net harmless from any and all claims, liabilities,
damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees in connection with investigating, defending, or settling any claim relating to or arising out of any acts or omissions on the part of you which gives rise to claims against NewSoftwares.net by third parties.
U.S. GOVERNMENTAL END USER PURCHASES
The purchase and Use of NewSoftwares.net Products by the U.S. Government is considered a commercial use by NewSoftwares.net
YOU’RE OBLIGATIONS
You represent and warrant that you have rights to the mobile device you intend to install NewSoftware’s Products on, you shall use them only for lawful purposes, you will comply at all times with all applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations applicable to the use of the same, you agree not to use any means to interfere with any the NewSoftware’s Products except to uninstall the same as provided herein.
GENERAL PROVISIONS
Every provision of this Agreement will be construed, to the full extent possible, so as to be valid and enforceable. If not, then such provision will be deemed severed from this Agreement.
This Agreement supersedes any prior representations regarding the same subject matter hereof.
This Agreement will in all respects be governed by and interpreted, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the United States of America and the state of Oregon without respect to its choice of law provisions.
QUESTIONS OR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
If you have any questions regarding this Agreement or wish to obtain additional information, please send a letter via U.S. Mail to 15500 SW Jay Street, #37715, Beaverton, OR 97006, USA.
© Copyright 2002 – 2024, NewSoftwares.net  All Rights Reserved.
Company: NewSoftwares.net
Homepage:
https://newsoftwares.net
Product Page:
https://newsoftwares.net/folderlock/iphone/
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.newsoftwares.net/legal/privacy/:
NewSoftwares – Privacy Policy
Read our privacy policy to learn more about your privacy rights…
NewSoftwares LLC – Privacy Policy
This privacy notice for NewSoftwares LLC (“
Company
,” “
we
,” “
us
,” or “
our
“), describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share (“
process
“) your information when you use our services (“
Services
“), such as when you:
Visit our website at
https://www.newsoftwares.net
, or any website of ours that links to this privacy notice.
Download and use our mobile, desktop or any other applications that links to this privacy notice.
Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or events.
Questions or concerns?
Reading this privacy notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at
support@newsoftwares.net
.
SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS
This summary provides key points from our privacy notice, but you can find out more details about any of these topics by clicking the link following each key point or by using our table of contents below to find the section you are looking for. You can also click
here
to go directly to our table of contents.
What personal information do we process?
When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal information depending on how you interact with NewSoftwares LLC and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. Click
here
to learn more.
Do we receive any information from third parties?
We do not receive any information from third parties.
How do we process your information?
We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so. Click
here
to learn more.
In what situations and with which parties do we share personal information?
We may share information in specific situations and with specific third parties. Click
here
to learn more.
How do we keep your information safe?
We have organizational and technical processes and procedures in place to protect your personal information. However, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Click
here
to learn more.
What are your rights?
Depending on where you are located geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you have certain rights regarding your personal information. Click
here
to learn more.
How do you exercise your rights?
The easiest way to exercise your rights is by filling out our data subject request form available here:
secure.newsoftwares.net
, or by contacting us. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Want to learn more about what NewSoftwares LLC does with any information we collect? Click
here
to review the notice in full.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
3. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
5. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?
6. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
7. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
8. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
9. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
10. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
11. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
12. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
13. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
14. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short:
We collect personal information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the Services, express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the Services, or otherwise when you contact us.
Personal Information Provided by You:
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use.
We may not encrypt the following information and may keep them on our server:
Name
Address
Email Address
Phone Number
Application Data
Subscription Information
We encrypt the following information on your own devices and do not keep them on our server:
Sensitive Data (Files and Folders you choose to encrypt using our products)
Photos
Videos
Audio
Documents
Wallets
Notes
To Dos
Bookmarks
Contacts
We do not store or transmit the following information to our server to remain secure and compliant:
Sensitive Data (Files and Folders you choose to encrypt using our products)
Passwords
Payment Information
Sensitive Data:
Your sensitive data (texts, files and folders you provide to encrypt with our product(s)) is never saved on our server. One exception is Secure Backup service in Folder Lock 7. But even in this case, your data is fully encrypted with AES 256-bit Encryption which is saved on our server. However, apart from this service, there is no product we have that stores or transmits your data to us in any shape or form. The most you can find is that such information is either stored on your own device(s) or your own cloud service like your own Dropbox, Google Drive or OneDrive accounts in encrypted format that you use for backup of your own data, but it never reaches us.
Passwords:
We do not store or transmit your passwords or keys to our server. Such information is saved only on your own device(s) in some cases and in cases you’re using one of our encryption product as opposed to locking product, we don’t save it on your own device as well. In both cases however, your passwords or keys are never stored or transmitted to our server.
Payment Information:
Payment information is collected by E-commerce companies like Stripe, BMTMicro, Bluesnap, Mycommerce, Trialpay, Paypal, Google, Microsoft, Apple etc. This information never reaches us. We may however store your last 4 digits of Credit Card and Expiry Date that do reach us using APIs provided by some of these services. This is to provide you with subscription related information, activation of your subscription and upgrade/update related features in some products. However, we do not get your full Credit Card Number or CVV/CCV etc. This makes us fully PCI compliant.
Application Data:
If you use our application(s), we also may collect the following information if you choose to provide us with access or permission:
Device Access:
We may request access or permission to certain features from your device, including your device’s camera, contacts, microphone, sensors, reminders, storage, calendar, social media accounts, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Device Data:
We automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, Computer ID, model, and manufacturer), operating system, version information and system configuration information, device and application identification numbers, processor name/type, hard disk name/type, motherboard name/type, browser type and version, hardware model Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, MAC address and Internet Protocol (IP) address (or proxy server). If you are using our application(s), we may also collect information about the phone network associated with your device, your device’s operating system or platform, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique device ID, and information about the features of our application(s) you accessed.
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our application(s), for troubleshooting, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent.
We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our Services, including:
To facilitate account creation and authentication and otherwise manage user accounts.
We may process your information so you can create and log in to your account, as well as keep your account in working order.
To request feedback.
We may process your information when necessary to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Services.
To deliver targeted advertising to you.
We may process your information to develop and display personalized content and advertising tailored to your interests, location, and more.
To determine the effectiveness of our marketing and promotional campaigns.
We may process your information to better understand how to provide marketing and promotional campaigns that are most relevant to you.
To save or protect an individual’s vital interest.
We may process your information when necessary to save or protect an individual’s vital interest, such as to prevent harm.
WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We only process your personal information when we believe it is necessary and we have a valid legal reason (i.e., legal basis) to do so under applicable law, like with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services to enter into or fulfill our contractual obligations, to protect your rights, or to fulfill our legitimate business interests.
If you are located in the EU or UK, this section applies to you.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK GDPR require us to explain the valid legal bases we rely on in order to process your personal information. As such, we may rely on the following legal bases to process your personal information:
Consent.
We may process your information if you have given us permission (i.e., consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time. Click
here
to learn more.
Legitimate Interests.
We may process your information when we believe it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests and those interests do not outweigh your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms. For example, we may process your personal information for some of the purposes described in order to:
Develop and display personalized and relevant advertising content for our users
Support our marketing activities
Understand how our users use our products and services so we can improve user experience
Legal Obligations.
We may process your information where we believe it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations, such as to cooperate with a law enforcement body or regulatory agency, exercise or defend our legal rights, or disclose your information as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Vital Interests.
We may process your information where we believe it is necessary to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of a third party, such as situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person.
If you are located in Canada, this section applies to you.
We may process your information if you have given us specific permission (i.e., express consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose, or in situations where your permission can be inferred (i.e., implied consent). You can withdraw your consent at any time. Click
here
to learn more.
In some exceptional cases, we may be legally permitted under applicable law to process your information without your consent, including, for example:
If collection is clearly in the interests of an individual and consent cannot be obtained in a timely way.
For investigations and fraud detection and prevention.
For business transactions provided certain conditions are met.
If it is contained in a witness statement and the collection is necessary to assess, process, or settle an insurance claim.
For identifying injured, ill, or deceased persons and communicating with next of kin.
If we have reasonable grounds to believe an individual has been, is, or may be victim of financial abuse.
If it is reasonable to expect collection and use with consent would compromise the availability or the accuracy of the information and the collection is reasonable for purposes related to investigating a breach of an agreement or a contravention of the laws of Canada or a province.
If disclosure is required to comply with a subpoena, warrant, court order, or rules of the court relating to the production of records.
If it was produced by an individual in the course of their employment, business, or profession and the collection is consistent with the purposes for which the information was produced.
If the collection is solely for journalistic, artistic, or literary purposes.
If the information is publicly available and is specified by the regulations.
WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
In Short:
We may share information in specific situations described in this section and/or with the following third parties.
We may need to share your personal information in the following situations:
Business Transfers.
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?
In Short:
We are not responsible for the safety of any information that you share with third parties that we may link to or who advertise on our Services, but are not affiliated with, our Services.
The Services may link to third-party websites, online services, or mobile applications and/or contain advertisements from third parties that are not affiliated with us and which may link to other websites, services, or applications. Accordingly, we do not make any guarantee regarding any such third parties, and we will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by the use of such third-party websites, services, or applications. The inclusion of a link towards a third-party website, service, or application does not imply an endorsement by us. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. Any data collected by third parties is not covered by this privacy notice. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites, services, or applications that may be linked to or from the Services. You should review the policies of such third parties and contact them directly to respond to your questions.
No Spam
NewSoftwares LLC will not sell, rent, trade or give away your email address, phone number or other contact information to any other organization. We have a stricter policy to never do this being a security company since 2001 and trusted by millions.
No Spyware/Adware/Malware
NewSoftwares LLC software do not contain Spyware/Adware/Malware/Ransomware in them. They are totally free from viruses, trojan horses, worms or other harmful code. In case you have a false positive reported by your Antivirus, please report such to your Antivirus company immediately to report to us at
support@newsoftwares.net
.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period of time in which users have an account with us.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short:
We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the Services within a secure environment. However, our encryption products are safe from such disasters as all data on our server is encrypted that pertains to your personal information. Your sensitive data on the other hand, doesn’t even reach our server.
DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short:
We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Services, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Services. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at
legal@newsoftwares.net
.
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:
In some regions, such as the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), and Canada, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
In some regions (like the EEA, UK, and Canada), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. You can make such a request by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section “
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
” below.
We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If you are located in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here:
https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
.
If you are located in Switzerland, the contact details for the data protection authorities are available here:
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html
.
Withdrawing your consent:
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, which may be express and/or implied consent depending on the applicable law, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section “
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
” below or updating your preferences.
However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal nor, when applicable law allows, will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Account Information
If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:
Log in to your account settings and update your user account.
Contact us using the contact information provided.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our legal terms and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.
If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at
support@newsoftwares.net
.
CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.
DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:
Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with Services, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Services. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from all our systems (e.g., backups, etc.).
DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
In Short:
Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at
support@newsoftwares.net
.
HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please visit:
https://www.newsoftwares.net
.