POWERFUL, INTELLIGENT FLASHCARDS.
Remembering is easier with
Anki
Anki is a flashcard program that helps you spend more time on challenging material, and less
      on what you already know.
Download Anki
Learn more
advantages
Here are a few reasons why users love Anki.
synchronization
The free AnkiWeb synchronization service lets you sync your cards across devices.
media support
Audio, images, videos, and scientific markup can be used in your flashcards.
customization
Easily change your flashcard layouts and the timing of their reviews.
optimization
Anki can handle decks of 100,000+ cards with no problems.
add-ons
Install add-ons to extend Anki with new features and functionality.
testimonials
See what people are saying about Anki.
The single biggest change that Anki brings about is that it means memory is no longer a haphazard event, to be left to chance. Rather, it guarantees I will remember something, with minimal effort. That is, Anki makes memory a choice.
—
Michael A. Nielsen, "Augmenting Long-term Memory"
basic concepts
Anki supports complex workflows, but getting started is easy.
Decks
Decks are groups of flashcards that allow you to study specific parts of your collection
        instead of everything all at once. Create a new deck and add some flashcards to get started.
Reviews
When you're ready, start reviewing your flashcards. Rate your recall with the most suitable
        option and Anki will schedule the next review for when you're most likely to forget the
        information.
contributing
Anki is a community project where anyone can make contributions to help improve everyone's
        experience.
open source
If you know how to code you could help maintain Anki or create new add-ons/features.
share decks
Sharing your deck can make it easier for others to start learning what you're studying.
translate anki
Help with the efforts to translate Anki so it can become more accessible to everyone.
downloads
Choose the correct download for your platform. For details, see the
installation guide
.
Desktop
If you have a
recent Mac
, pick the Apple Silicon version for better performance and battery life. Older Macs
          will need to use the Intel version instead.
Windows
Anki 25.02
macOS
Anki Apple Silicon 25.02
Anki Apple Intel 25.02
Linux
Anki 25.02
Installation Guide
Change Notes & Older Releases
Mobile
AnkiMobile is the official iOS app and all purchases help fund Anki's development.
iOS
AnkiMobile
Android
r
AnkiDroid