DIGITAL NEWSPAPER REPLICA
Globe2Go is delivered directly to you on the Web, smartphone and tablet.
Share Globe2Go within the same household, scan it section to section or read it page to page like The Globe and Mail newspaper and adjust the font size. If you are a Globe Digital subscriber, you get full Globe2Go access using your existing login. If you are a home delivery subscriber, you get Globe2Go access on the days of your delivery using your Globe Digital login.
Read Today's Paper
Read The FAQ
If you use a smartphone or tablet, we suggest the Globe2Go
iOS app
or
Android app
which offers offline reading.
What You Get
AVAILABILITY
Download at 5 AM ET & read offline.
Set up auto-delivery downloads & alerts.
Share to notes, emails and social networks.
EDITIONS
Seven days archive.
All five regional editions.
All magazines including Report on Business.
FEATURES
Translate into 17 languages.
Read full text or listen to audio.
Print article, page, or custom area.
How It Works
iPad
Full tutorial
Signing in
Navigating
View & Listen
Delete & Settings
Android
Full tutorial
Signing in
Navigating
View & Listen
Delete & Settings
DOWNLOAD TO YOUR FAVOURITE DEVICES
If you use a smartphone or tablet, we suggest the Globe2Go
iOS app
or
Android app
which offers offline reading.
Payment Plans
Pay As You Go
$2.79
per issue
Buy Now
Upgrade Subscription
Globe Digital
$0.99
per week
for your first 24 weeks.
Get full digital access to
globeandmail.com
, Globe2Go, and The Globe and Mail mobile app.
Subscribe Now
Need Help?
FAQ
1-866-232-0988 or
globe2go@globeandmail.com
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
© Copyright 2024 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.theglobeandmail.com/help/privacy-policy/:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated on  January 8, 2025.
The Globe and Mail Inc. (“The Globe”) recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of your personal information. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to provide you with information about our privacy practices. Our Privacy Policy applies to personal information that is collected by The Globe when you use our services (including our websites, mobile applications, or other online services that link or refer to it) (collectively, the “services”).
Certain personal information that falls outside the scope of applicable privacy laws is not covered by this Privacy Policy. For example, personal information collected and used for journalistic purposes is excluded from this policy. Other exceptions can be found in the ‘Exclusions’ section of this policy.
Our Privacy Policy is structured as follows:
Information we may collect
How we use your personal information
Information collected and used when you visit our Sites and Apps
Your Choices
Interest Based Advertising
Security
Service providers, disclosures and information stored abroad
Data retention and deletion
Access and correction
Specific exclusions
Updates to our privacy policy
The Globe’s Privacy Management Program
Contacting The Globe regarding your privacy
1. INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
The Globe collects personal information from you in several ways. For example, we collect information that you provide to us, through your use of the Services, as well as information collected from publicly available sources or third parties.
INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE
When you subscribe, register, or otherwise interact with our services, you may be asked to provide certain personal information.
For example, when you register or inquire about our services, you will be asked for your contact information. For paid Services, we will require payment information such as your credit card information. For services that have age restrictions, such as age-restricted content or events, your date of birth may be required to access those services. You may choose to provide supplementary information about yourself when you register for our services, such as your birth date, gender, income range, interests, the industry you work in, current position, and other demographic information. We collect personal information that you provide when you participate in discussions using our comment feature, engage with us on social media, post an online ad, enter a contest, participate in a promotion, use our event space, or use our tools, such as when you create an investment watchlist through The Globe’s portfolio tool.
INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES
As you use our services, we collect usage information such as the pages you view, product and service preferences, purchase history, and other customer engagement information. Some information is collected automatically when you visit our websites or apps through the use of cookies and similar technologies; to learn about the types of automated information we collect and how we use it, see “
Information collected and used when you visit our Sites and Apps
”.
If you visit The Globe’s offices, you may be recorded on video for security purposes. If you speak with one of our representatives on the telephone, the call may be recorded for quality assurance, monitoring, and training purposes. If you do not want your call recorded, please contact us via our support website.
INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT FROM PUBLICLY AVAILABLE SOURCES OR THIRD PARTIES
The Globe may receive personal information about you from third-party sources, as permitted by law, such as marketing and data analytics databases. Third-party sources provide us with survey data and publicly available data that may include information such as your name, mailing address, phone number, contact information, other demographics, and interests to help us understand our audience and ensure our content and services are relevant. In some cases, the advertisers that serve ads on our Services will share a hashed version of your e-mail or other information with us so that we can make sure their advertisements or offers reach you. When you register for our services using a third-party platform (e.g. using your Google or Apple account), the third-party platform may provide us with your social media identifier or handle and any additional information you authorize that third-party platform to share, such as your email address or contact information.
Other people may provide us with your personal information, for example, if they provide you with a gift subscription or if they want you to have access to a corporate or educational group subscription.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
The Globe uses your personal information to offer and provide you services as well as for various other business purposes. This includes:
to fulfill your request for products and Services and process payment for services
to make improvements to our Services and to develop new services
to provide you with personalized content and advertising on and off our services (to learn more about interest-based advertising and your choices, please see “
Interest Based Advertising
”)
to measure or understand the effectiveness of the content, advertising and marketing we serve
to offer you promotions, offers and discounts on our services
to administer your participation in a contest, survey, promotion, or event
to communicate with you
to maintain and improve the security of our sites and to detect and prevent fraud
to enforce our agreements
to facilitate the general management and administration of our business, including to meet our regulatory, legal, insurance, audit, security and processing requirements
for any other purpose with your consent
For information on how to withdraw your consent or change your personal information, see
Your Choices
.
MARKETING OUR SERVICES AND CONTENT TO YOU
When we market our services, we may serve you and others with similar interests and preferences, targeted ads about our services on third-party platforms or their related apps (such as social networking and other sites). To offer these ads we may provide a hashed version of your email address or other information to third-party platforms for such purposes or we might incorporate a pixel or similar technology into our own service. If you no longer wish to see these ads, see
Your Choices - Third Party Platform Marketing
.
Sometimes we may send you personalized email newsletters or promotional emails. To opt-out of these emails, see
Your Choices
.
3. INFORMATION COLLECTED AND USED WHEN YOU VISIT OUR SITES AND APPS
We collect certain information automatically when you visit our websites, using cookies and other similar technologies, such as: your IP address, usage information such as page requests, browser type, and operating system. When you use our mobile app we collect your device hardware type and operating system, unique device identiﬁer, IP address, language settings, and the date and time the app accesses our servers. We may collect and analyze information about your use of our sites and apps, such as the pages most read, app features used, time and duration of use, search terms, and other information about your interaction with the Services. We use this information to provide basic functionality for our Services, evaluate, monitor, and improve our Services, detect fraud, provide you with personalized advertising, offers, promotions and discounts, and personalize your experience on our site. For example, we use cookies to detect and remember your sign-in and user preferences on subsequent visits and to personalize your content. We may also use identifiers to help us better tailor your content and ads across devices from which you use our services.
Location Data:
If you provide your express consent, some devices can transmit your location data. If you choose to share location data with The Globe you will be able to turn off such data collection at any time by accessing the privacy or location settings of your mobile device. We will obtain your express opt-in consent prior to using your precise location data for analytics, personalized ads, and personalized services.
Advertising:
We collect and use automated information to offer relevant advertising on our site and across the Internet on behalf of ourselves and advertisers. Some of this advertising is based solely on your activity on our site. Some advertising is based on your activity on our site, as well as your activity across different sites on the Internet known as interest-based advertising (sometimes also referred to as personalized or online behavioural advertising). Please see
Interest-Based Advertising
for information on how to opt out of interest-based advertising.
Analytics:
Our sites use web analytics services such as Google Analytics. These providers use cookies to help us analyze how visitors use the sites. For example, with Google Analytics, the information generated by the cookie about your use of the sites (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by a Google server. Google uses this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the sites, compiling reports on site activity for us, and providing us with other services relating to site activity and internet usage. For more information about Google Analytics or to prevent the storage and processing of this data (including your IP address) by Google, you can download and install the browser plug-in available
here
. You can also obtain additional information on Google Analytics’ data privacy and security at the following links:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
https://support.google.com/analytics/topic/2919631
More Information about Cookies and Other Similar Technologies:
The Globe uses cookies and other commonly used technologies such as JavaScript, web beacons, device identifiers, and pixel tags to collect automated information. Cookies are small text files containing a unique identifier that are placed in your browser in order to store information about your web browsing and usage of our sites. For example: user IDs for visitors logged-in to theglobeandmail.com, device IP address and usage data.
For more information on how to disable cookies, see
Your Choices
.
4. YOUR CHOICES
What you can do if you wish to withdraw your consent or change your personal information:
Account and Supplementary Information.
Some of our Services allow you to update your account information and communication preferences by logging into your online account. To update or correct other information in our records, you can contact us at the contact information set out
below.
Email.
To unsubscribe from email communications from The Globe, please click the unsubscribe link or other method indicated in the footer of the communication. Your opt-out applies to the type of communication that you unsubscribe from, and you may continue to receive emails from other Services of The Globe you’ve subscribed to, as well as essential transactional or account-related communications such as service confirmations, vacation stop and start confirmations, billing notices, delivery notices, and password reset requests.
Other Services.
If you wish to make changes to information you provide in connection with other Services of The Globe, for example, The Globe Insiders or the Event Centre, or experience any issues in using the methods described above, please send an email to optout@globeandmail.com and include the name of the Service or issue in the subject line or call Customer Service at 1-800-387-5400.
Third Party Platform Sign-In Integration.
Information you provide to The Globe through third-party platform integration features, such as Google or Apple, are governed by the terms of that particular service. You can disconnect your login integration from third-party accounts at any time within the settings of the third-party platform.
Push Notifications.
If you sign up for push notifications to your web browser or device, such as breaking news alerts, you can opt out in your web browser or app permission settings.
Third Party Platform Marketing.
If you no longer wish to see ads regarding our services on third party platforms, you may be able to opt-out using the instructions set out on the platform. To opt-out of our use of your email address or other information to serve ads about our services on third-party platforms, please contact us at optout@globeandmail.com.
Interest Based Advertising.
To opt-out of interest-based advertising, see “
Opting-Out of Interest Based Advertising
”.
Cookies.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies but offer a number of ways to control cookie preferences. Typically, users can: disable all cookies (not recommended), require approval each time a site attempts to place a cookie, remove cookies manually, or have them deleted automatically after a certain period. For step-by-step instructions on how to modify cookie preferences, please consult your browser’s support documentation. You can find instructions for commonly used browsers here:
Google Chrome
Firefox
Safari
Microsoft Edge
The Globe does not require you to accept cookies, but disabling cookies on your browser may reduce the functionality of some Services.
Opt-Out Tool.
Some of our sites or apps include an opt-out tool that allows you to set certain preferences on how we and third parties use your data, on that site or app. For example, it can allow you to select a choice for personalized advertising. For those sites or apps, you can access the opt-out tool at any time through the ‘Privacy Settings’ link at the bottom of the applicable site.
5. INTEREST BASED ADVERTISING
The Globe may deliver tailored advertising on and off our Services based on your activity across different sites on the Internet and apps known as interest-based advertising (also referred to as personalized or online behavioural advertising). To learn more on how to opt out of interest-based advertising see “
Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising
”.
The Globe and third-party advertising companies, such as ad networks, may use cookies, pixels, SDKs, and other technologies to collect information about your activity on our sites or apps and on third-party sites and apps (such as web pages you visit and your interaction with our advertising and other communications) and use this information to make predictions about your preferences, develop personalized content, and deliver ads that are more relevant to you on our sites and apps, third-party sites, and across your devices. This information may also be used to evaluate the effectiveness of our online advertising campaigns.
The Globe is a participant of the Digital Advertising Alliance Canada's (DAAC) AdChoices program and adheres to its principles that promote providing notice and choice to consumers about the use of their data for interest-based advertising. For more information on this program and the privacy choices it offers, see
https://youradchoices.ca/
.
OPTING-OUT OF INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING
Web and Mobile Browser:
When accessing The Globe and Mail using your desktop or mobile browser, you can opt-out of receiving interest-based ads on the site by using our opt-out tool.  You can access the tool by clicking on the ‘Privacy Settings’ link at the bottom of the site.
You may also see the AdChoices icon in or around advertisements on a website of The Globe. These advertisements are tailored for you through interest-based advertising. You can opt out of targeted advertising from that advertiser by clicking the "AdChoices" logo within the ad.
Mobile App:
You can opt out of interest-based advertising on your mobile app through your mobile device settings, which vary by device. More information on how to do this can be found here:
https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices
. DAAC also provides a tool called AppChoices to help you opt-out that can be downloaded here:
https://youradchoices.ca/en/tools/
.
Other:
You can also generally opt-out of receiving interest-based ads from third party advertisers and ad networks who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada's Canadian Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioural Advertising or who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) by visiting the opt-out pages on the
DAAC website
and the
NAI website
.
IMPORTANT NOTES ABOUT YOUR OPT-OUTS
If you opt-out of interest-based advertising by us or a third party, these tracking technologies may still collect data for other purposes including analytics and you will still see ads from us across the Internet, but the ads will not be targeted based on behavioural information and may therefore be less relevant to you and your interests.
Because your opt-out choice is managed by cookies or through your device settings, if you delete or clear your browser’s cookies or use a different browser or device, you will have to make your selection again.
6. SECURITY
THE GLOBE TAKES STEPS TO HOLD YOUR INFORMATION SECURELY
The Globe has put in place reasonable physical, electronic, contractual and managerial measures designed to protect the information we collect from loss, theft, and unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification. Learn more about our
Privacy Management Program
.
7. SERVICE PROVIDERS, DISCLOSURES AND INFORMATION STORED ABROAD
In some cases, The Globe will share personal information with service providers to perform activities on our behalf, such as processing payments, maintaining technology and related infrastructure, delivering communications and services, offering you customer service, providing advertising and analytics services, administering contests, surveys, events, promotions, and hosting our data. Our policy is to require such parties, by contractual or other means, to process personal information consistent with the standards set out in this policy. Your personal information may be transferred to our service providers or affiliates located outside of your province, or outside of Canada (including in the United States and the E.U.), for storage and processing.
BUSINESS PARTNERS
Some of our events, contests, promotions, or surveys may be organized together with one or more third parties. We might share your personal information with such third parties for event management, administration, communication, and analysis purposes, and we will inform you if they will have access to your information. In some cases, you will be asked if you want to share select information (for example, your email address) with the third party, in which case your personal information will be subject to the privacy policy of that third party.
LEGAL DISCLOSURES
The Globe (and its Canadian, US, and other service providers) may disclose your personal information to third parties: to enforce or apply our terms of service or conditions of purchase; to comply with applicable laws and lawful governmental or regulatory requests (which may include lawful access by US or foreign courts, law enforcement, national security authorities, or other government authorities); for the purposes of investigating a breach of an agreement or contravention of law; or to detect, suppress, or prevent fraud; or as otherwise may be required or permitted by applicable Canadian, U.S., or other law or legal process.
8. DATA RETENTION AND DELETION
We retain your personal information for as long as is necessary to comply with our data retention requirements, to provide you with services, and for our legitimate business operations. Under our data retention requirements, for example, we may be required to retain your information to:
comply with our legal, financial reporting, or regulatory compliance requirements (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us);
comply with contractual requirements; or
exercise, establish, or defend legal claims.
Once the retention period has expired, we will either dispose of your information, or under some circumstances, we may anonymize it so that it can no longer be associated with you.
You can deactivate your account on theglobeandmail.com by calling Customer Service at 1-800-387-5400 or
emailing
us. Deactivation will result in not being able to log in and the ability to restore your account by contacting our customer care team, as long as your account is still active in our systems.
If you would like The Globe to delete all or some of the Personal Information that you provide us when you access our Services, please
email us
or call Customer Service at 1-800-387-5400. Please note, even if you make such a request, The Globe may retain your personal information in accordance with our retention practices or to continue to provide services to you.
9. ACCESS AND CORRECTION
You have the right to request access to, to update, and to correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody and control, subject to limited exceptions under applicable law.
In some cases, you can access and correct some of your information within our services, learn more under
Your Choices
.
If you still require assistance, you can make a request for correction or access in writing using the contact information
below
. We may require personal information from you to verify your identity to process your request.
10. SPECIFIC EXCLUSIONS
The Globe2Go (the digital version of our printed newspaper) is maintained by our service provider, Pressreader, and is therefore subject to Pressreader’s privacy policy:
https://care.pressreader.com/hc/en-us/articles/205818089-Privacy-Policy
Also, theglobeandmail.com’s obituary notices are maintained by our service provider, Legacy.com, and are subject to Legacy.com’s privacy policy:
https://www.legacy.com/about/privacy-policy
Our sites may include links to other third-party websites, plug-ins, services, social networks, or applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow the third party to collect or share data about you. For example, if you navigate away from our sites by clicking on an ad or other link, other parties may also place a cookie in your browser. In other cases, our services may be available to you through third-party digital properties such as Google’s Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) or Apple News. The Globe does not control, nor is responsible for the activities or practices of any such other parties. Any such data use and collection is governed by their privacy policies.
11. UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
The Globe may update this policy from time to time to reflect changes in our personal information practices. If you continue to use our Services after we make changes, you agree to the updated policy. The Globe will provide notice of significant changes to the Privacy Policy.
12. THE GLOBE’S PRIVACY MANAGEMENT PROGRAM
For a summary of our privacy management program, visit
this link
.
13. CONTACTING THE GLOBE REGARDING YOUR PRIVACY
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, you may contact The Globe’s Privacy Officer by email at
privacy@globeandmail.com
or by mail at:
The Globe and Mail Privacy Officer
Executive Office
The Globe and Mail
351 King Street East, Suite 1600
Toronto, ON M5A 0N1 Canada