Athkar App Privacy Policy
fares.net built the Athkar App as a free app with a Pro version. This SERVICE is provided by fares.net.
This page is used to inform you regarding Athkar App's policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of information for those who choose to use our Service.
By choosing to use the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. The Athkar App does not collect Personal Information. However, the App may collect certain data related to your device, such as your device's information for analytics purposes.
We do not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our
Terms and Conditions
, which is accessible in the Athkar App unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Third-Party Services
The app may use third-party services that could collect information to identify your device. Below are links to the privacy policies of third-party service providers used by the app:
Google Analytics for Firebase
Log Data
Whenever you use our Service, in the event of an error in the app, we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device ID, device country location, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app while using our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals for the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used;
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 01-01-2020.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at athkarApp@fares.net.
سياسة الخصوصية لتطبيق أذكار
قام fares.net بتطوير تطبيق أذكار كتطبيق مجاني مع وجود نسخة مدفوعة (Pro). يتم تقديم هذه الخدمة بواسطة fares.net.
تُستخدم هذه الصفحة لإبلاغك بسياسات تطبيق أذكار فيما يتعلق بجمع واستخدام والكشف عن المعلومات للأشخاص الذين يقررون استخدام خدمتنا.
إذا اخترت استخدام الخدمة، فإنك توافق على جمع واستخدام المعلومات بما يتوافق مع هذه السياسة. تطبيق أذكار لا يجمع معلومات شخصية. ومع ذلك، قد يقوم التطبيق بجمع بعض المعلومات المتعلقة بجهازك لأغراض تحليلية.
نحن لا نستخدم أو نشارك معلوماتك مع أي شخص باستثناء ما هو موضح في سياسة الخصوصية هذه.
المصطلحات المستخدمة في سياسة الخصوصية هذه تحمل نفس المعاني كما في
البنود والشروط
الخاصة بنا، والتي يمكن الوصول إليها من خلال تطبيق أذكار ما لم يُنص على خلاف ذلك في سياسة الخصوصية هذه.
خدمات الأطراف الثالثة
قد يستخدم التطبيق خدمات من أطراف ثالثة يمكن أن تجمع معلومات لتحديد جهازك. أدناه روابط لسياسات الخصوصية الخاصة بمقدمي خدمات الأطراف الثالثة المستخدمة في التطبيق:
Google Analytics for Firebase
بيانات السجل
نود إعلامك أنه في حال حدوث خطأ في التطبيق أثناء استخدامك لخدمتنا، قد نقوم بجمع بيانات ومعلومات على جهازك تُعرف باسم "بيانات السجل". قد تتضمن بيانات السجل هذه معلومات مثل معرف جهازك، موقع بلد الجهاز، اسم الجهاز، إصدار نظام التشغيل، تكوين التطبيق أثناء استخدام خدمتنا، وقت وتاريخ استخدامك للخدمة، وبعض الإحصاءات الأخرى.
مقدمو الخدمة
قد نلجأ إلى توظيف شركات وأفراد من أطراف ثالثة للأسباب التالية:
لتسهيل تقديم خدمتنا؛
لمساعدتنا في تحليل كيفية استخدام خدمتنا.
التغييرات على سياسة الخصوصية هذه
قد نقوم بتحديث سياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بنا من حين لآخر. ننصحك بمراجعة هذه الصفحة بشكل دوري لأي تغييرات. سنقوم بإعلامك بأي تغييرات عن طريق نشر سياسة الخصوصية الجديدة على هذه الصفحة.
تسري هذه السياسة اعتبارًا من 01-01-2020.
اتصل بنا
إذا كان لديك أي استفسارات أو اقتراحات بخصوص سياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بنا، لا تتردد في التواصل معنا عبر البريد الإلكتروني athkarApp@fares.net.