EnsenaSoft - Privacy Policy
Effective date: March 24, 2020
ENSENA SOFT SA DE CV ("us", "we", or
                        "our") is a game development studio that creates and publishes applications, mobile applications, 
                        websites, and other digital properties (collectively “Properties”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the
                        collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Properties,
                        and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve our Properties. By
                        using these, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance
                        with this policy.
Definitions
Personal
                            Data
Personal Data means data about a living
                        individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other
                        information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage
                            Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically
                        either generated by the use of our Properties or from our technical
                        infrastructure (for example, the duration of game session or delivery of an
                        advertisement).
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored on your
                        device (computer or mobile device).
Data
                            Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal
                        person or entity who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons)
                        determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal
                        information are, or are to be, processed.
Data
                            Processors (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means
                        any natural or legal person or entity who processes the data on behalf of the
                        Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order
                        to process your data more effectively and to operate our Properties.
Data
                            Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is
                        using our Properties and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for
                        various purposes to provide and improve our Properties.
Types of Data Collected
Personal and Usage Data
While using our Properties, we may ask you to provide us
                        with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or
                        identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information
                        may include, but is not limited to:
·
Email address
·
First name and last name
·
Phone number
·
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
·
Cookies and Usage Data
·
IP Address
We may collect information that your device or browser sends
                        us whenever you visit or access our Properties, or when you interact with a
                        Property ("Usage Data").
This data may include, but is not limited to, information
                        such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), operating
                        system version, browser type, browser version, the Property you interact with,
                        the pages that you visit, the time and date of your visit to those pages or Properties,
                        the time spent on those pages or Properties, unique device identifiers, and
                        other diagnostic data. This data may also be combined and linked with data from
                        other sources, devices, and Properties that you use.
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technology Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies, including
                        statistical or other identification methods, to track the activity and to
                        provide our Properties to you.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may
                        include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a
                        website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used
                        such as device identifiers, beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track
                        information and to improve, analyze, and deliver our Properties.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to
                        indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies,
                        you may not be able to use some portions of our Properties.
Examples of Cookies we use:
·
Session
                            Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Properties.
·
Preference
                            Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various
                        settings.
·
Security
                            Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
·
Advertising
                            Cookies.
Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that
                        may be relevant to you and your interests. Opting out of interest-based
                        advertising or changing the privacy settings in your browser may reduce the
                        relevancy of the ads you see, but not the number or frequency of ads. To learn
                        more and to opt out of interest-based advertising, as delivered by partners of
                        ours who participate in the following organizations, please follow the
                        instructions at:
o
Digital Advertising Alliance -
http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
o
Network Advertising Initiative -
http://www.networkadvertising.org
o
European Interactive Digital Advertising
                        Alliance -
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
Use of Data
We use the collected data for various purposes:
·
To provide and maintain our Properties.
·
To provide advertising, including but not
                        limited to interest-based, contextual, and cross-device or application ad
                        targeting.
·
To notify you about changes to our Properties.
·
To allow you to participate in interactive
                        features of our Properties when you choose to do so.
·
To provide customer support.
·
To gather analysis or valuable information so
                        that we can improve our Properties.
·
To monitor the usage of our Properties.
·
To detect, prevent and address technical,
                        security, or fraud issues.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under the General Data Protection
                        Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA) or the
                        United Kingdom, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal
                        information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we
                        collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
We or one of our Service Providers may collect and/or
                        process your Personal Data because:
·
We need to perform a contract with you.
·
You have given us, as a Data Controller or Data
                        Processor, consent in compliance with applicable laws to do so.
·
The processing is in our legitimate interest,
                        except where such interest is overridden by your data protection interests or
                        fundamental rights or freedoms.
·
To comply with the law.
IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework
The Company participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. We use the Consent Management Platform with the identification number 291.
Retention of Data
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is
                        necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and
                        use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal
                        obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with
                        applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and
                        policies.
We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis
                        purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except
                        when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the
                        functionality of our Properties, or we are legally obligated to retain this
                        data for longer periods.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be
                        transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state,
                        province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection
                        laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to
                        provide information to us, please note that we may transfer the data, including
                        Personal Data, to the United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your
                        submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
We will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure
                        that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy
                        and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a
                        country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of
                        your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Business Transaction
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale,
                        your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your
                        Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose
                        your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests
                        by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
We may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief
                        that such action is necessary to:
·
To comply with a legal obligation.
·
To protect and defend our rights or property.
·
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in
                        connection with our Properties.
·
To protect the personal safety of users of our
                        Properties or the public.
·
To protect against legal liability.
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember
                        that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic
                        storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to
                        protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Our Policy on "Do Not Track" Signals under the California Online
                        Protection Act (
CalOPPA
)
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not
                        Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that
                        you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the
                        Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection
                            Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a
                            resident of the European Economic Area (EEA) or the United Kingdom, you have
                            certain data protection rights. We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to
                            correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be
                            informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be
                            removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain
                            circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or delete the
                                information we have on you.
Whenever made possible, you can access, update
                            or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings
                            section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us
                            to assist you.
The right of rectification.
You have
                            the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate
                            or incomplete.
The right to object.
You have the right
                            to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction.
You have the
                            right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability.
You have
                            the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a
                            structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent.
You also
                            have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we relied on your
                            consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we
                            may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right
                            to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your
                            Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection
                            authority in the European Economic Area (EEA) or the United Kingdom.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to
                        facilitate the delivery and operations of our Properties ("Service
                        Providers"), provide the Properties on our behalf, process Personal Data,
                        perform Property -related services or assist us in analyzing how our Properties
                        are used.
We may provide these third parties with access to your
                        Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf as a Data Processor and
                        are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
These third parties may also collect data directly from you
                        for their own use and subject to their own privacy policies.
Other Sites and Digital Properties
Our Properties may contain links to other sites that are not
                        operated by us. If you click a third-party link, you will be directed to that
                        third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of
                        every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the
                        content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Properties do not address anyone under the age of 18
                        ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable
                        information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian
                        and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please
                        contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from
                        children without verification of parental consent, we will take steps to remove
                        that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will
                        notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a notice on our
                        Properties, prior to the change becoming effective and update the
                        "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically
                        for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are
                        posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please
                        contact us:
By email:
support@ensenasoft.com
By mail:
ENSENA SOFT SA DE CV
Calle Hamm 405 Bis A
Col. Palos Prietos
Mazatlán, Sinaloa 82010
Mexico
To comply with our obligations
                        under EU data protection legislation, we have appointed a Data Protection
                        Officer (DPO) who is contactable using the details provided above.
Your privacy is critically important to us.
We want you to be able to have fun and safely enjoy our games.