We value your privacy
Mi i naši 878 partneri pohranjujemo ili pristupamo informacijama na uređaju, kao što su kolačići i obrađujemo osobne podatke, kao što su jedinstveni identifikatori i standardne informacije koje se šalju uređajem u svrhe opisane u nastavku.  Možete kliknuti za davanje privole nama i našim partnerima za obradu u takve svrhe. U suprotnom, možete kliknuti za odbijanje davanja privole ili pristupiti detaljnijim informacijama i promijeniti svoje preferencije prije davanja privole. Vaše će se preferencije primjenjivati na grupu web-mjesta.  Imajte na umu da za neke obrade vaših osobnih podataka možda neće trebati vaša privola, no imate pravo na prigovor na takvu obradu. Možete promijeniti ili opozvati svoje postavke u bilo kojem trenutku tako što ćete se vratiti na ovu stranicu i kliknuti na dugme "Privatnost" na dnu web stranice.
Please note that this website/app uses one or more Google services and may gather and store information including but not limited to your visit or usage behaviour. You may click to grant or deny consent to Google and its third-party tags to use your data for below specified purposes in below Google consent section.
Languages
Guides
Categories
Events
Users
Blog
Search for a word
Languages
Pronunciation
English > French
English > German
English > Italian
English > Japanese
English > Portuguese
English > Russian
English > Spanish
French > English
French > German
French > Italian
French > Japanese
French > Portuguese
French > Russian
French > Spanish
German > English
German > French
German > Italian
German > Japanese
German > Portuguese
German > Russian
German > Spanish
Italian > English
Italian > French
Italian > German
Italian > Japanese
Italian > Portuguese
Italian > Russian
Italian > Spanish
Japanese > English
Japanese > French
Japanese > German
Japanese > Italian
Japanese > Portuguese
Japanese > Russian
Japanese > Spanish
Portuguese > English
Portuguese > French
Portuguese > German
Portuguese > Italian
Portuguese > Japanese
Portuguese > Russian
Portuguese > Spanish
Russian > English
Russian > French
Russian > German
Russian > Italian
Russian > Japanese
Russian > Portuguese
Russian > Spanish
Spanish > English
Spanish > French
Spanish > German
Spanish > Italian
Spanish > Japanese
Spanish > Portuguese
Spanish > Russian
Pronunciation
Search
This Privacy Policy is updated as of April 8, 2024.
This Privacy Statement informs that the personal data of the users of the FORVO website and the other applications and services that include FORVO brand (hereinafter, "the Services" or "the Service"), will be treated in accordance with the principles of transparency, purpose limitation, data minimization, accuracy, integrity and confidentiality, as well as respecting the other obligations and guarantees established in Regulation (EU) 2016/677 of the European Parliament and of the Council of April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data.
FORVO provides its services in accordance with its Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy. FORVO reserves the right to modify and update this Privacy Policy at any time. All changes will be posted on our website, and any interested party can consult the latest version of this Privacy Policy at any time at
https://forvo.com/privacy/
. The fact of continuing to use the service or the website after such changes have been made will be considered as an acceptance by you of the new Privacy Policy.
This policy contains the following information:
Information and identification of our company and its legal consideration as responsible.
The personal data we process;
How and why, we process your personal data;
When and why, we might disclose your personal data to other companies or organizations;
International data transfers;
The rights that protect you and your options regarding your personal data;
The measures we take to ensure that your information is kept secure and confidential;
How long we will retain your personal data;
Controler
: FORVO MEDIA S.L., (FORVO). NIF: B20987541. Address: Txirrita Maleo 1, planta 1, 20100 - Renteria, Gipuzkoa, Spain. Gipuzkoa Commercial Registry: Volume: 2, 408 - Page: 153 Vto - Inscription: 2nd - Section: 8th - Page: SS-31.114, is the controller that determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data according whit this Privacy Policy.
Personal Data
: Personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. In this sense, an identifiable natural person is considered to be any person whose identity can be determined, directly or indirectly, by an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or one or more physical, physiological, genetic, psychological, economic, cultural or social elements of that person.
Usually, we process the personal information that the user provides for commercial contracting or subscription of a service, the information generated through the provision of the same, as well as the data generated or estimated by us. Based on the principle of minimization, the data that we can process will be adequate, relevant and limited to those necessary for the purposes for which they are processed, always respecting the user's will.
The data and information that we may process as a result of the use or subscription of the services are as follows:
When a user account is created, FORVO collects personal information such as your username, email address, date of birth, gender, spoken or studied language.
FORVO also collects and automatically generates information from other areas of use, such as service metadata, login information, device information, IP addresses, third-party data and information obtained from cookies. We may also collect, use and share aggregated data, such as statistical or demographic data, for any purpose. Aggregated data may be derived from your personal data, but, under the law, is not considered personal data as it does not reveal your identity either directly or indirectly. In no case will we collect any special category of personal data concerning you (which includes information about your race or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership and your health or genetic or biometric data).
By using or subscribing to the Services, you can set up your personal profile, establish relationships, send and receive messages through the Services, and perform searches and queries.
There is no legal or contractual obligation to provide this data, but in the event that it is not provided, we will be unable to provide the service.
Purposes processing of your data:
The personal data provided by users of the services will be processed by FORVO for the following purposes:
To provide, update, maintain and protect the Services, websites, applications and activities;
To manage and track the contractual and pre-contractual relationship that FORVO maintains with users;
To comply with applicable legislation, legal procedure or regulation;
To respond to your questions, comments and requests;
To send you commercial and/or advertising communications, including, among others, emails, push notifications, SMS and messages within the application about the services;
For statistical purposes, internal reporting, in a dissociated manner,
For billing, economic management of accounts/services and administrative matters related to the Services;
To investigate and help prevent security problems, third-party claims and/or abuse;
For other purposes, to the extent that these are described at the time of collection.
The user should be aware that if they enter payment data from or related to any credit or debit card when purchasing or contracting any of the Services (including any subscription), FORVO does not receive or store this information, as it is received, stored and used by our payment service providers in order to complete the purchase (stripe.com, maybe an example).
The user can opt out of receiving promotional communications from FORVO when registering or subscribing to the Services. They can also opt out of receiving any communication, email, push notification or SMS in the same message.
Registration for the Services can be done by synchronizing with third-party services (Log-in with Facebook, Apple or Google account). If you follow a link to these websites, please note that you are sharing your profile information with us. The personal data shared depends on the settings of your Facebook, Apple or Google Platform. Visit the Platform related and review its privacy policy to understand how your personal data is shared and used in this context. The data we collect from your profile are email address, phone number and photograph (if they are configured in the profile), name and surname, gender, date of birth and city of residence.
Lawfulness of processing your personal data. -
Managing your registration as a user of the Services:
The processing of your data is necessary for the execution of the terms that regulate the use and access to the Services. You are giving us your consent by accepting this privacy policy through the established consent mechanisms (links and verification check). Similarly, we consider that we have a legitimate interest to carry out the necessary checks to detect and prevent possible frauds when registering.
Sending of commercial communications:
The lawfulness of processing is the express consent that you grant us (for example: when you authorize the sending of advertising or our newsletter).
Management of incidents related to the use of the Services:
The processing is necessary for the execution of the contractual relationship maintained with you. When the query is related to the exercise of the rights that we inform you about below, or with claims related to our services, what legitimizes us to treat the data is the fulfillment of legal obligations on our part.
Data storage periods.
In compliance with the principle of limitation of the storage period, the data will be processed exclusively by the time necessary and for the purposes for which they have been collected at each moment. They will therefore be maintained in such a way as to allow the identification of the interested parties for no longer than necessary for the purposes of the processing of personal data. In accordance with the above, we have established the following retention periods that will be applicable, unless a different period has been specified in this Privacy Policy or in the conditions of provision of each of the products and services that include the FORVO brand.
To carry out the processing related to the execution of the contract, the data will be kept for as long as is strictly necessary to fulfill the purposes required by each Service. For example, data obtained from the user will be kept while they are active; and information about traffic, navigation and location will be treated for a period that can range from 3 to 12 months to comply with the obligations of maintaining network security or preventing fraud.
In accordance with civil, commercial and tax legislation, data related to the contracting and invoicing of contracted services will be stored for a period of 8 years from the user's deactivation.
After the above indicated deadlines, the data may be destroyed, blocked or anonymized, as appropriate, and in accordance with the legislation.
Your rights concerning the processing of your data.
In accordance with the terms of the applicable legislation, the user is informed that he/she has the following rights:
Access: allows the data subject to obtain information about whether or not we are processing personal data concerning him/her and, if so, the right to obtain information about your personal data undergoing processing.
Rectification: allows you to correct errors and modify data that proves to be inaccurate or incomplete.
Erasure (‘right to be forgotten’): The data subject shall have the right to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her.
Restriction of processing: under the legally established conditions, allows data processing to be stopped, in such a way as to prevent its processing in the future, which will only keep it for the exercise or defense of claims.
Right to object: in certain circumstances and for reasons related to their particular situation, data subjects may oppose the processing of their data. In this case, the data will no longer be processed, except for compelling legitimate reasons, or the exercise or defense of possible claims.
Data portability: allows the data subject to receive their personal data concerning them, which they have provided to us, and to be able to transmit them directly to another data controller in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. In order to exercise this right, it will be necessary for the customer to provide a valid e-mail address. Please note that this right only applies to automated information in respect of which the user initially consented to its processing or in the event that the information has been used to enter into a contract with you.
FORVO guarantees the adoption of necessary measures to ensure the exercise of these rights free of charge, being necessary for such exercise to attach a copy of your official identification document in general. However, depending on the complexity of the request, the complete attention/response of certain rights could take a longer period of time, which in any case will not exceed two additional months.
To exercise any of the previously mentioned rights, FORVO users who are interested may contact, easily and free of charge, through the e-mail address
info@forvo.com
. As established by law, the exercise of these rights will be dealt with by us within a maximum period of one month.
Finally, the data subject shall have the right to lodge a complaint with the national supervisory authority that may be applicable. For this purpose, please contact
https://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
.
Information we share.
We only share personal data with third-party recipients, for any of the purposes outlined in the Privacy Policy, in order to maintain the contractual relationship, as well as those that are legally required in compliance with any applicable regulations as set out below:
Necessary for the provision of service: To manage some of the necessary functions for the provision of the service, we have contracted trusted providers who may have access to personal data, who will act as data processors and who will be contractually obligated to comply with their legal obligations as data processors, to maintain the confidentiality and secrecy of the information.
Hosting services, video-call services, maintenance and support in our databases, as well as in our software and applications that may contain data about you.
Fulfillment of a legal obligation: Your personal information may also be communicated to third parties legally authorized when necessary to comply with the law. In this sense, the user's personal data may be communicated to the various public authorities under a legal obligation, such as tax and customs authorities, judicial authorities, judicial police and any other that according to current regulations may be applicable.
In any case, the user's personal data will be shared with third party companies without obtaining your prior consent, unless the communication of your data was necessary to ensure the maintenance of the contractual relationship with the user as well as in the cases provided for by the current regulations at all times.
International data transfer.
We only store your personal information on secure servers located in secure facilities in the European Economic Area, and we have an up-to-date firewall. Whenever we transfer your personal data outside the EEA, we can ensure a similar level of protection by ensuring that we only transfer your personal data to countries that the European Commission considers to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data.
In this context, we inform you that some of the functions necessary for the provision of the service are contracted with processors located outside the European Economic Area that, in any case, ensure an adequate level of protection of personal data. The data processors located outside the European Economic Area used for the provision of the services indicated below that, in any case, guarantees an adequate level of protection of personal data.
Cookies.
A cookie is a small text file, often with an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to your browser from a website's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. You can set your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or to notify you when cookies are downloaded. If you wish to delete cookies from your computer, please refer to your browser instructions to locate the file or directory where they are stored. If you reject all cookies, you may not be able to use some of the features of the Service. For more information about how we use cookies on FORVO, please visit
https://forvo.com/cookie-policy/
.
Google Inc. Services.
Google Analytics:
The User accepts that this website or mobile application implements Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc ("Google"). The purpose of this service is to collect data relating to the use and behavior of Users on the website or application for analysis and improvement purposes. For this purpose, Google Analytics uses "cookies" to help the website analyze how users use the website or the application. This website has activated the IP anonymization feature provided by Google Analytics, whereby the IP addresses collected will be abbreviated prior to storage or processing, thus ensuring a higher degree of privacy. For more information about Google Analytics terms and conditions, the User can visit:
Google Analytics Terms
and
Google Analytics Privacy Policy
.
Google Ad Manager:
The User agrees that this website or mobile application may use Google Ad Manager, a service also provided by Google Inc. for the management and dissemination of advertising campaigns and interaction with external advertising networks. To this purpose, Google Ad Manager uses "cookies" to track the User's behavior within the website or application, with the purpose of personalizing and improving the relevance of the advertisements shown to the User according to their interests and preferences. The User has the right to disable the use of these cookies or modify advertising preferences through the following link:
Google Ads Settings
. For more information on the terms and conditions of Google Ad Manager, the User can visit:
Google's technology policies
.
Social Networks
FORVO uses different social networks (Facebook, X, etc.) to disseminate contents related to FORVO as well as to provide users with a way of contact. FORVO is responsible for the treatment of the data of its followers and contacts in social networks. Nevertheless, since the processing of personal data takes place within the framework of social networks whose suppliers impose operating rules, FORVO obligations will be limited to those aspects in which the company is free to act. Under no circumstances will FORVO extract data from social networks, make profiles of its users or collect additional personal data related to tastes, hobbies or mode of use of social networks, without the express consent of those affected.
Security and privacy in the processing of data/information.
FORVO is committed to ensuring the security, secrecy and confidentiality of your data, communications and personal information. That is why, as part of our commitment and in compliance with applicable law, we have adopted the most appropriate security measures and technical procedures to prevent loss, incorrect use or unauthorized access. When we receive your data, we use security procedures and functions to prevent any unauthorized access.
The personal data that we may collect through various communications that we maintain with you will be treated with absolute confidentiality, committing us to secrecy and ensuring the duty to protect them by adopting all necessary and reasonable measures to prevent their alteration, loss and unauthorized access or treatment, in accordance with the established in the applicable legislation.
For cases of security breach of personal data that involve risks to the rights of individuals, we will take the necessary measures to correct the situation and mitigate the possible negative effects that such a breach may have caused. We will also notify our customers or users and the competent National Authority when so required by the applicable data protection regulations.
Processing data of minors.
Is expressly prohibited that children under 14 years of age provide their data to FORVO without the previous consent of their parents, guardians or other legal representatives. In case that the User grants the use of the services to a user under 14 years of age, as responsible for the same will be responsible for authorizing and deciding on the processing of the data of the same in the terms set out in this Policy. FORVO will ensure the proper use of the data of minors ensuring respect for the laws applicable to them with the measures that are reasonably appropriate.
When parents, guardians or legal representatives of such minors detect unauthorized data processing, they may submit their queries or complaints by writing to
info@forvo.com
.
Other information
These terms and conditions are FORVO's Privacy Policy with respect to its customers/users in connection with the use of its products and services, and replace any prior agreements that may exist between FORVO and its customers/users. In the event that any provision of these terms and conditions, or any part thereof, is declared unlawful, invalid or unenforceable by a competent administrative or judicial body, it shall be deemed not to have been enforced, without affecting the other provisions.
The delay or the failure of FORVO in exercising a legal action or any right described in these conditions does not constitute, in any case, a renouncement of the same. Likewise, failure to claim a failure to comply with the obligations set in these conditions, will not imply a renouncement of its subsequent claim.
This Privacy Statement is updated as of April 8, 2024.
How to pronounce
Gyro
Gif
Nguyen
Acai
Quinoa
Google
Pho
Meme
Qatar
Worcestershire
Gnocchi
Niche
Saoirse
Siobhan
Salmon
Turmeric
Cthulhu
Cache
Guide
Nietzsche
Caramel
Hijab
Balayage
Porsche
Gal Gadot
Dachshund
Charcuterie
Tinnitus
General Tso
Uranus
Curacao
Pecan
Niger
Nevada
Samhain
Macabre
Chipotle
La Croix
Phonetic
Caribbean
Asus
Received
Data
Ng
Goethe
Sikh
Saoirse Ronan
Key
Caprese
Peridot
Melee
Doge
Daesh
Chopin
Cacao
Lychee
Homage
Bruschetta
Dictionary
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en:
Skip to main content
Safeguarding your data
Laws protecting user privacy such as the
European Economic Area’s General Data Protection Regulation
and other privacy laws that establish various rights for applicable US-state residents impact content publishers, application developers, website visitors, and application users. See also
the Google privacy policy
and Google’s site for
customers and partners
. Currently such regulations apply to specific geographic regions, but publishers and application developers often implement controls that affect the experience of users in all regions.
Google is committed to protecting data confidentiality and security. It is important to understand your privacy options, whether in the role of a publisher or a consumer. This page provides information on data collection and security for:
Content publishers and app developers (“customers”) using Google measurement products.
Website visitors and app users (“users”) of sites and apps using Google measurement products.
Data collection
Google customers use tags on web pages and an SDK for mobile apps to enable Google measurement products. The measurement data collected helps customers understand their users’ needs and, optionally, personalize the user experience and offer relevant advertising (see
Advertising personalization
).
Google tags and the SDK use cookies and app instance IDs, respectively, to measure user interaction. While these identifiers provide information about user behavior, Google prohibits customers from sending
Personally Identifiable Information
to Google Analytics. Even so, use of cookies and app IDs falls under the privacy laws mentioned previously. Google customers need to inform users about the information being stored and give them the opportunity to grant or deny their consent.
See the following sections on this page to:
Learn how Google collects and processes information about website and app usage:
Information for sites and apps using Google Analytics
.
Learn about our user policies and controls:
Information for visitors of sites and apps using Google Analytics
.
Download this diagram that explains how Google Analytics collects, filters, and stores data.
Information for visitors of sites and apps Using Google Analytics
Our privacy policy
At Google, we are keenly aware of the trust you place in us and our responsibility to keep your privacy and data secure. As part of this responsibility, we let you know what information we collect when you use our products and services, why we collect it, and how we use it to improve your experience. The
Google privacy policy & principles
describes how we treat personal information when you use Google's products and services, including Google Analytics.
Google Analytics cookies and identifiers
Google Analytics mainly uses first-party cookies to report on visitor (aka. user) interactions on Google Analytics customers’ websites. Users may disable cookies or delete any individual cookie.
Learn more
In addition, Google Analytics supports an optional browser
add-on
that - once installed and enabled - disables measurement by Google Analytics for any site a user visits. Note that this add-on only disables Google Analytics measurement.
Where a site or app uses Google Analytics for Apps or the Google Analytics for Firebase SDKs, Google Analytics collects
an app-instance identifier
— a randomly generated number that identifies a unique installation of an App. Whenever a user resets their Advertising Identifier (Advertising ID on Android, and ID for Advertisers on iOS), the app-instance identifier is also reset.
Where sites or apps have implemented Google Analytics with other Google Advertising products, like Google Ads, additional advertising identifiers may be collected. Users can opt-out of this feature and manage their settings for this cookie using the
Ads Settings
.
Learn more
Information for sites and apps using Google Analytics
Google Analytics under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Google operates as a data processor for Google Analytics. This is reflected in our Ads Data Processing Terms, which are available to all Google Analytics customers with direct contracts with Google.
Learn more
Google Analytics is a data processor under GDPR because Google Analytics collects and processes data on behalf of our clients, pursuant to their instructions. Our customers are data controllers who retain full rights over the collection, access, retention, and deletion of their data at any time. Google’s use of data is controlled by the terms of its contract with Google Analytics customers and any settings enabled by customers through the user interface of our product.
Google Analytics under privacy laws in the United States
In order to help Google Analytics customers prepare for laws that establish various rights for applicable US-state residents, we have updated our
Data Processing Terms
to include a
U.S. State Privacy Laws Service Provider and Processor Addendum
. Subject to the full terms of this addendum, Google Analytics will act as a service provider to its customers (when data sharing with Google products and services is disabled) and as such, will only use data collected on behalf of the customer in Google Analytics to provide the Google Analytics services. Customers who have not accepted our
Data Processing Terms
can do so
per these instructions
. Customers who have already agreed to our
Data Processing Terms
will not need to take additional action to accept the CCPA service provider addendum. Customers should review the
U.S. State Privacy Laws Service Provider and Processor Addendum
, as well as Google Analytics’ use of data, to ensure it meets customer’s compliance needs.
To help customers manage their compliance needs, Google Analytics offers a collection of tools, detailed below, that enable you to control how data is collected, and whether it is used for advertising personalization.
If you have linked Google Analytics to another product, please refer to
Google Analytics linking overview
.
Google Analytics under the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD)
Google operates as a data processor for Google Analytics. This is reflected in our Ads Data Processing Terms, which are available to all Google Analytics customers with direct contracts with Google.
Learn more
Google Analytics is a data processor under LGPD because Google Analytics collects and processes data on behalf of our clients, pursuant to their instructions. Our customers are data controllers who retain full rights over the collection, access, retention, and deletion of their data at any time. Google’s use of data is controlled by the terms of its contract with Google Analytics customers and any settings enabled by customers through the user interface of our product.
International transfers
See
here
for information on data transfers via Google Analytics.
Data Collected by Google Analytics
First-party cookies
Google Analytics collects first-party cookies, data related to the device/browser, IP address (when collecting data, Google Analytics 4 does not log or store IP addresses), and on-site/app activities to measure and report statistics about user interactions on the websites and/or apps that use Google Analytics. Customers may customize cookies and the data collected with features like
cookie settings
,
User-ID
,
Data Import
, and
Measurement Protocol
.
Learn more
Google Analytics customers who have for instance, enabled the analytics.js or gtag.js collection method can control whether or not they use cookies to store a pseudonymous or random client identifier. If the customer decides to set a cookie, the information stored in the local first-party cookie is reduced to a random identifier (e.g., 12345.67890).
For customers who use the Google Analytics for Apps SDK, we collect an App Instance Identifier, which is a number that is randomly generated when the user installs an app for the first time.
Advertising identifiers
Where customers use
Google Analytics Advertising Features
, Google advertising cookies are collected and used to enable features like Remarketing on the Google Display Network. These features are subject to the users’
Ads Settings
, the
Policy requirements for Google Analytics Advertising Features
and
Google’s EU User Consent policy
, which requires customers to obtain consent for cookies where legally required—including consent for personalized ads. For more information about how Google uses advertising cookies, visit the
Google Advertising Privacy FAQ
. It is possible to implement Google Analytics without affecting normal data collection where Advertising features are disabled until consent is obtained (see
Privacy Controls in Google Analytics
), as well as prevent certain data from being used for advertising personalization purposes (See
Advertising Personalization below
).
PII prohibition
Our contracts prohibit customers from sending
Personally Identifiable Information
to Google Analytics. Customers should follow these
Best Practices
to ensure PII is not sent to Google Analytics.
What is the data used for?
Google uses Google Analytics data to provide the Google Analytics measurement service to customers. Identifiers such as cookies and app instance IDs are used to measure user interactions with a customer’s sites and/or apps, while IP addresses are used to provide and protect the security of the service, and to give the customer a sense of where in the world their users come from. Customers may also choose to use the data collected by Google Analytics for site/app personalization or advertising purposes, including ads personalization (See
Advertising Personalization below
).
Data access
We do not share Google Analytics data without the customer’s authorization (including via settings in the product user interface), or as otherwise expressly permitted under the terms of their Google Analytics agreement, except in limited circumstances when required by law.
Customers may control their own access to data in their Analytics accounts or properties by configuring view and edit permissions for employees or other representatives who may login to their Analytics account.
Learn more
Security-dedicated engineering teams at Google guard against external threats to data. Internal access to data (e.g., by employees) is limited by strict access controls (both internal policy controls and automated technical controls such as authentication, SSL, and security logs) to only those with a business need to access it.
Product linking summary
Where customers link their Analytics property to another Google product or service account (“Integration Partner”), certain data from that Analytics property may be accessed and exported into the linked account. Once data is exported through a linking integration, it becomes subject to the Integration Partner’s terms and policies.
Note that once data is sent to an Integration Partner, that the data sent is subject to the terms of that Integration Partner and that Google Analytics no longer maintains access or control over that data.
Customers may review and manage their product integration linkings at any time within the Analytics product linking summary user interface.
Data sharing
Google Analytics provides several data sharing settings to customers, through which customers may customize how data collected using an Analytics data collection method (like the JavaScript code, mobile SDKs, and the Measurement Protocol) may be accessed and used by Google according to customer preferences. Note that these settings only apply to data collected from websites, mobile apps, and other digital devices using Analytics; they do not apply to data relating to a customer’s use of Analytics, such as the number of properties and which additional features are configured. Regardless of a customer’s data sharing settings, Analytics data may also be used only insofar as necessary to maintain and protect the Analytics service.
Learn more
Data Controls for retention, deletion, and portability
Data retention
With the
Data Retention controls
, customers can limit or expand the duration for which their user-level and event-level data is stored in Google Analytics servers. All customers should review their Data Retention settings and ensure the appropriate retention is selected.
User deletion
Customers may delete a single user’s data from Google Analytics by passing a single user identifier to the
Google Analytics User Deletion API
or via our
User Explorer report
. However, this does not delete aggregate data associated with that user, such as page URLs visited.
User-level data access and portability
Customers may pull event information for any given user identifier via our
User Explorer report
or the
User Activity API
. These features enable customers to analyze and export event level data for a single user identifier. In addition, our 360 customers may integrate with BigQuery to create a full export of all event data associated with their users in a single queryable repository.
Advertising personalization
Customers may choose to limit use of their analytics data for advertising personalization purposes, instead of disabling the collection of all analytics data or advertising identifiers (see “
Privacy Controls in Google Analytics
”). Customers may choose to disable Advertising Personalization for data collected from their entire property, or to disable it for individual events or users (for
apps
,
websites
, and
measurement protocol
). Customers using Google Analytics for Firebase or Google Analytics 4 properties may also
exclude specific events or user properties
(like ‘purchase’ or ‘gender’) from being used for Ads Personalization.
If any of 1) all property-level data, 2) individual events, or 3) specific event names or user properties have been excluded from ads personalization, then Analytics will append an additional signal (called ‘npa’) in Postbacks indicating that networks should not use the data for personalized advertising. Note that each network's treatment of such 'npa' signal is determined by such network.
Data privacy and security
Certifications
ISO 27001
Google has earned ISO 27001 certification for the systems, applications, people, technology, processes, and data centers serving a number of Google products, including Google Analytics.
Learn more about our ISO compliance, and download our certificate (PDF)
or
learn more about ISO 27001
.
Information security
In web-based computing, security of both data and applications is critical. Google dedicates significant resources towards securing applications and data handling to prevent unauthorized access to data.
Data is stored in an encoded format optimized for performance, rather than stored in a traditional file system or database manner. Data is dispersed across a number of physical and logical volumes for redundancy and expedient access, thereby obfuscating it from tampering.
Google applications run in a multi-tenant, distributed environment. Rather than segregating each customer's data onto a single machine or set of machines, data from all Google users (consumers, business, and even Google's own data) is distributed among a shared infrastructure composed of Google's many homogeneous machines and located in Google's data centers.
In addition, Google Analytics ensures secure transmission of its JavaScript libraries and measurement data. Google Analytics by default uses HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS), which instructs browsers that support HTTP over SSL (HTTPS) to use that encryption protocol for all communication between end users, websites, and Google Analytics servers.
Learn more
Operational security and disaster recovery
To minimize service interruption due to hardware failure, natural disaster, or other catastrophe, Google implements a comprehensive disaster-recovery program at all of its data centers. This program includes multiple components to eliminate single points of failure, including the following:
Data replication
: To help ensure availability in the event of a disaster, Google Analytics data stored in Google's distributed file system is replicated to separate systems in different data centers.
Geographical distribution of data centers
: Google operates a geographically distributed set of data centers that is designed to maintain service continuity in the event of a disaster or other incident in a single region.
Resilient and redundant infrastructure
: Google's computing clusters are designed with resiliency and redundancy in mind, helping minimize single points of failure and the impact of common equipment failures and environmental risks.
Continuity plan in the event of disaster
: In addition to the redundancy of data and regionally disparate data centers, Google also has a business-continuity plan for its headquarters in Mountain View, CA. This plan accounts for major disasters, such as a seismic event or a public-health crisis, and it assumes people and services may be unavailable for up to 30 days. This plan is designed to enable continued operations of our services for our customers.
Give feedback about this article
Choose a section to give feedback on
Was this helpful?
How can we improve it?
Yes
No
Submit
Post to the help community
Get answers from community members
Contact us
Tell us more and we’ll help you get there
true
Data privacy and security
1 of 24
Safeguarding your data
2 of 24
Privacy controls in Google Analytics
3 of 24
[GA4] Data redaction
4 of 24
Introduction to user consent management
5 of 24
[GA4] Verify and update consent settings in Google Analytics
6 of 24
[GA4] Behavioral modeling for consent mode
7 of 24
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on
8 of 24
[UA] IP masking in Universal Analytics [Legacy]
9 of 24
[GA4] Policy requirements for Google Analytics Advertising Features
10 of 24
Data Processing Terms
11 of 24
We use our own products
12 of 24
Data retention
13 of 24
[GA4] Data-deletion requests
14 of 24
Data deletion requests (Universal Analytics) [Legacy]
15 of 24
ISO 27001 Certification
16 of 24
Google Analytics links overview
17 of 24
Account setup with additional privacy features
18 of 24
Best practices to avoid sending Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
19 of 24
Data Transparency Policy Against Fingerprints and Locally Shared Objects
20 of 24
Data controls in Universal Analytics
21 of 24
Data controls in Google Analytics 4
22 of 24
[GA4] EU-focused data and privacy
23 of 24
HIPAA and Google Analytics
24 of 24
Data sharing settings
Choose your own learning path
Check out
google.com/analytics/learn
, a new resource to help you get the most out of Google Analytics 4. The new website includes videos, articles, and guided flows, and provides links to the Google Analytics Discord, Blog, YouTube channel, and GitHub repository.
Start learning today!
9035847808310116048
true
Search
Clear search
Close search
Main menu
Google apps
Search Help Center
true
true
true
Google Help
Help Center
Get started with Analytics
Collect and manage data
Report and explore
Advertising and attribution
Audiences and remarketing
Manage accounts, properties, and users
Google Analytics 360
Migrate from UA to GA4 [Legacy]
Policies and data privacy
Community
Analytics
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Submit feedback
Introduction to Analytics
Set up Analytics
Guides and videos
Troubleshoot
Glossary
Events and key events
Import data from external systems
Integrations
Measure ecommerce
Measure lead generation
[GA4] First-party data
Reports
Explorations
Dimensions and metrics
Analytics Intelligence
The Analytics app
How data is stored and displayed
Regular expressions [Legacy]
Understand advertising
Understand attribution
Manage and configure attribution
iOS conversion measurement
[GA4] Set up audiences
[GA4] Use audiences for advertising and remarketing
[GA4] Audiences for common marketing objectives
[GA4] Troubleshoot audiences
[GA4] Subproperties
[GA4] Roll-up properties
[GA4] Subproperties
[GA4] Roll-up properties
How data is stored and displayed
Data privacy and security
true
true
69256
false
false
Inaccurate - doesn't match what I see in the product
Hard to understand - unclear or translation is wrong
Missing info - relevant but not comprehensive
Irrelevant - doesn’t match the title and / or my expectations
Minor errors - formatting issues, typos, and / or broken links
Other suggestions - ideas to improve the content
Share additional info or suggestions
​
​
Do not share any personal info
Cancel
Submit
By continuing, you agree Google uses your answers,
account & system info
to improve services, per our
Privacy
&
Terms
.
false