Alchemy Privacy Policy
Thank you for choosing to be a part of our community at Nyblecraft. We are committing to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy or our practices with regards to your Personal Information, please contact us at support@nyblecraft.com
When you visit our mobile application and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we describe our privacy policy. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it, and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please let us know.
Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
1 WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Information automatically collected
In Short:
Some information – such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics – is collected automatically when you visit our Apps.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the App. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our App and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our App, and for our interval analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
Information collected through our App
In short: We may collect information regarding your geo-location, mobile device, push notifications, when you use our App. If you use our App, we may also collect the following information:
Geo-Location Information. We may request access or permission to and track location-based information from your mobile device, either continuously or while you are using our mobile application, to provide location-based services If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Mobile Device Access. We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your on device’s social media accounts, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Mobile Device Data. We may automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version information and IP address.
Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or the mobile application. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device’s settings.
Information collected from other sources
In Short:
We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, and other outside sources.
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, as well as from other third parties Examples of the information we receive from other sources include social media profile information, marketing leads and search results and links including paid listings (such as sponsored links)
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In short:
We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our App for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests (Business Purposes.), in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
To facilitate account creation and logon process with your Consent. If you choose to link your account with us to a third party account (such as your Google or Facebook account), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and logon process.
Send administrative information to you for Business Purposes. We may use your personal information to send you the product, service, and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Request Feedback for our Business Purposes. We may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our App.
To enable user-to-user communications with your Consent. We may use your information in order to enable user-to-user communications with each user’s consent.
To enforce our terms, conditions, and policies for Business Purposes and/or for Legal Reasons.
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm for Legal Reasons. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to Inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In short:
We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We only share and disclose your information in the following situations:
Compliance with Laws. We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal processes, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests and Legal Rights. We may disclose your Information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Vendors, Consultants, and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors, or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the App, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Apps over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand online activity. Unless described in this policy, we do not share, sell, rent, or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Third-Party Advertisers. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit Apps. These companies may use information about your visits to our Website and other websites that are contained in web cookies and other tracking technologies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Affiliates. We may share your Information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this privacy policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
Business Partners. We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services, or promotions.
With your Consent. We may disclose your personal information for any other purpose with your consent.
4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In short:
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and other tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Policy.
5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tag accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us to keep your personal information for longer than 1 year past the termination of the users’ account.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information we will either delete or anonymize it or if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short:
We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the Internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, the transmission of personal information to and from our App is at your own risk You should only access the services within a secure environment.
7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In short:
You have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
In some regions you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, to request rectification or erasure, to restrict the processing of your personal information, and if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information To make such a request please use the contact details provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection law
8. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
In short:
Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
9. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at support@nyblecraft.com or by post to:
Nyblecraft
level 2/11-13 York St, Sydney NSW 2000