Limacon
Just another WordPress weblog
Home
About
Privacy Policy
While We Were Meeting
XTreme Magic Sing is a videoke microphone product by EnterTech (widely popular among Filipino communities), this App is a search index for the songs in-built to the microphone and song chips.
Send us feedback and suggestions for future releases.
Free at iTune Store
NOTE: This is not a karaoke application but a supplement to the
Magic Sing
product.
Privacy Policy
Usage
Select the version of XTreme microphone you are using by touching on the “Chipset” tab. Then click on the Microphone Version item.
Select the version of microphone by touching on the item until the
check
image appear next to the microphone you selected.  Then click on the ‘Chipset’ on top of the screen to go back to the previous page.
To select  a song, click on the ‘Songs’ tab. You can either browse for songs or search for songs.
To see the artist, click on the ‘Artist’ tab.  By clicking on an artist, you’ll get the list of songs.
By clicking on the song, it will take you to the song page to see your song code, which you can now punch in on your Xtreme Microphone.
80 Responses to
Magic Sing (Song Index)
Andrew
says:
September 23, 2012 at 5:44 pm
Hi, a few of us here in the UK have the Wow Philippines Magic Sing II from year 2005. Is there any support coming for it please?
Thanks
admin
says:
September 24, 2012 at 9:54 pm
if you can give me the link to the song list I can probably include it in the next upgrade.
Ed Cruz
says:
September 18, 2012 at 3:05 am
Could you add wow! TKR-310? Thanks!!
MaBDet
says:
September 7, 2012 at 7:06 pm
Hi This a wonderful tool to have.  I have the ED-1100 version, can you please add?
MaBDet
says:
September 7, 2012 at 7:49 pm
ED-11000
Ella
says:
September 3, 2012 at 7:39 am
Hi Admin!
can you please update the microphone version (Xtreme 9K Karat) 2130 built-in songs index app, it shows W,Y& Z in my songlist.. 🙁
Thank you very much!
admin
says:
September 3, 2012 at 1:09 pm
Thanks for pointing it out.
Pamela
says:
August 31, 2012 at 12:08 am
can you please update the app version of Xtreme 9K karat
song index?
thanks! more power…
Geraldine PH
says:
August 30, 2012 at 11:58 am
i just bought the (ET9K) Xtreme 9K Karat version, can you please update the built in songs of this magic sing.
Thank you!:)
John
says:
August 8, 2012 at 3:36 pm
Thanks for this awesome app.  Could you please add the recently released Starchip (Tagalog/English).  I would be happy to email you the song list.  Thanks!
Jun
says:
August 4, 2012 at 10:14 pm
Doesn’t work. It shows wrong number of the songs.
Arfeen
says:
July 15, 2012 at 11:28 pm
Can you add the Hindi songs list to the app, it will really help. Magic sing is huge in india and Bollywood is full of songs. Thanks
aj gayas
says:
July 12, 2012 at 4:31 am
how about ETK9 magic sing?? how is it?
thanks
Luis Pérez
says:
July 2, 2012 at 12:55 pm
Can you please add the songs for the ED-9000? It has a chip inside with the name sp-01 and has Spanish songs popular in latin America. I can help you out if you need help just mail me, Thanks!
Micke
says:
May 8, 2012 at 7:22 pm
Can you uppdate and add à search function.
And allo add all of your Sony chips, asit is nog Ohly inbuild songs is there, but I have 6 other chips to.
Courtney
says:
May 5, 2012 at 9:36 pm
How do u punch in the codes and where do u go to
Jose Carlos
says:
April 30, 2012 at 1:39 pm
wonderful App!!!! Please add spanish chip song (1.573 songs) (
http://www.webbyshop.com/magic-sing-song-chips/magic-sing-spanish-song-chip.html
)
Thank you from Canary Island!
JC
Nelsa
says:
April 20, 2012 at 5:30 am
I like it
Rod Relano
says:
April 14, 2012 at 9:57 pm
Please add model WOW EG-18000.
Very good application.
Thanks.
Rod
Robert
says:
March 29, 2012 at 5:38 am
Hi Admin thanks a lot for this great application, kindly add the spanish chips,
http://www.webbyshop.com/magic-sing-song-chips/magic-sing-spanish-song-chip.html
mrgezau
says:
March 19, 2012 at 5:38 am
hi could you please add the ed 11000. thanks
←
Older Comments
Hi! Welcome to Limacon!
Thanks for dropping by! Feel free to join the discussion by leaving comments, and stay updated by subscribing to the
RSS feed
.
Categories
iPad Apps
iPhone Apps
Web
Pages
Stay In Touch
More
Thanks for dropping by! Feel free to join the discussion by leaving comments, and stay updated by subscribing to the
RSS feed
.
© 2012 Limacon
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.limacon.com.au/privacy-policy/:
Limacon
Just another WordPress weblog
Home
About
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Magic Sing (Song Index) (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the Magic Sing (Song Index) mobile application (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data (“Usage Data”).
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Magic Sing (Song Index) uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Australia and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Australia and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Magic Sing (Song Index) will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Magic Sing (Song Index) may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Magic Sing (Song Index)
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Firebase
Firebase is analytics service provided by Google Inc.You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
We also encourage you to review the Google’s policy for safeguarding your data:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
. For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By visiting this page on our website: http://limacon.com.au
Comments are closed.
Categories
iPad Apps
iPhone Apps
Web
Pages
Stay In Touch
More
Thanks for dropping by! Feel free to join the discussion by leaving comments, and stay updated by subscribing to the
RSS feed
.
© 2012 Limacon