PRIVACY POLICY
zShuttle d.b.a. SuperShuttle Express Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from
www.SuperShuttle.com
or
www.ExecuCar.com
(the “Site”).
Personal Information We Collect
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
.
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Reservation Information.
How do we use your personal information?
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).

We use the Device Information that we collect from you for other marketing activities including but not limited to: Advertising, Retargeting, Email Marketing, and Text Message Marketing.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Braintree Payments to process credit card transactions. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
Behavioral Advertising
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work
.
You Can Opt Out Of Targeted Advertising By:
Facebook –
https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
Google –
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
Bing –
https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at:
http://optout.aboutads.info/
.
Do Not Track
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
Your Rights
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident, we note that we are processing your information to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, to the United States and to the country that your service is provided e.g., Mexico or Canada if you are requesting service in that country.
Data Retention
When you book a reservation, data pertaining to your reservation is stored for auditing purposes until it is determined no longer needed unless and until you ask us to delete information. This information includes but is not limited to the pickup address, drop-off address, pickup time, name, phone number.
Minors
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 18.
Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us at
https://www.SuperShuttle.com/FAQ
.