Om oss
Juridiska dokument
Behandling av personuppgifter i koncernen Handelsbanken
Så här behandlar vi dina personuppgifter i Handelsbanken
För Handelsbanken är det viktigt att du känner dig trygg med hur vi behandlar dina personuppgifter och att vi värnar om din personliga integritet. Här beskriver vi vilka personuppgifter Handelsbanken behandlar och varför. Du får också information om varifrån vi samlar in personuppgifter, vem vi delar dem med och hur länge vi sparar dem. Vi beskriver också hur du ska utöva dina rättigheter enligt dataskyddsförordningen, framföra synpunkter och komma i kontakt med oss.
Det bolag inom Handelsbanken som du har en relation med är normalt personuppgiftsansvarig för behandlingen av dina personuppgifter. I beskrivningen nedan avses samtliga bolag inom Handelsbankenkoncernen i Sverige när vi skriver ’Handelsbanken’, ’banken’, ’vi’ eller ’oss’. Du hittar mer information om våra kontaktuppgifter under
Kontakt
på vår hemsida.
Informationen riktar sig till
Informationen riktar sig till dig, i tillämpliga delar, utifrån olika relationer du har med banken, exempelvis när du är
Befintlig eller blivande bankkund
God man, förvaltare, fullmaktstagare eller annat ombud
Inbetalare, panthavare eller borgensman
Verklig huvudman, firmatecknare eller företrädare för någon av våra företagskunder
I kontakt med banken i din yrkesroll, till exempel som anställd i en annan bank, konsultföretag, mäklare, leverantör eller myndighet
Privatperson utan befintligt avtal med banken som banken kontaktar i samband med en marknadsföringsaktivitet
Aktieägare till banken och deras företrädare
Besökare till bankens lokaler, exempelvis vid besök som sker relaterat till din yrkesroll, i egenskap av kund eller som arbetssökande
Vilka personuppgifter behandlas i banken
Vi har delat in de personuppgifter vi samlar in och behandlar i olika kategorier:
Grundläggande personuppgifter
exempelvis personnummer eller motsvarande, namn, kontaktuppgifter och information om id-handlingar och tillhörande uppgifter
Personliga val
exempelvis önskemål om direktmarknadsföring, språk eller samtycke till cookies
Bedömning och klassificering
enligt regler kring penningtvätt, värdepappershandel eller till exempel skattskyldighet i USA
Avtal
vilket omfattar all typ av information kopplad till avtal, såsom kontonummer, lånenummer, kortuppgifter, fastighetsbeteckning och fullmakter
Finansiella transaktioner
som till exempel insättningar, uttag, lånebetalningar, kortköp och värdepappersaffärer
Kommunikation
mellan dig och banken, exempelvis via e-post, fysisk post, sms, chat eller telefon
Granskningsloggar
, exempelvis IP- eller Mac-adress och inloggningar på Internetbanken eller bankens app
Särskilda kategorier av personuppgifter
vilket innebär personuppgifter som är särskilt känsliga, till exempel information om din hälsa. Denna typ av personuppgifter behandlar vi endast när det är relevant för en specifik produkt eller tjänst, som i våra livförsäkringsprodukter eller när det krävs enligt lag.
För vilka ändamål och med stöd av vilken rättslig grund behandlar vi dina personuppgifter
Handelsbanken behandlar personuppgifter utifrån de olika rättsliga grunder och ändamål som vi beskriver nedan. Om du av någon anledning inte vill ge oss nödvändiga personuppgifter eller om du önskar radera sådana personuppgifter, finns risken att vi inte kan erbjuda dig våra produkter och tjänster.
Uppfylla villkoren i våra avtal
Det grundläggande ändamålet med att Handelsbanken samlar in, behandlar och lagrar personuppgifter är för att kunna förbereda, tillhandahålla och administrera bankens produkter och tjänster till dig - digitalt, på kontor, per fysisk post eller via telefon. Den rättsliga grunden för det är att uppfylla villkoren i våra avtal.
Följa lagar och
myndighetsbeslut
Banken måste följa ett antal lagar och myndighetsbeslut och då behandlar vi dina personuppgifter för att till exempel:
Kontrollera och verifiera din identitet
Övervaka och analysera hur du använder dina konton för att förebygga eller upptäcka bedrägerier, penningtvätt och andra brott samt för att uppfylla bankens skyldigheter enligt Lag (2017:630) om åtgärder mot penningtvätt och finansiering av terrorism
Dokumentera och spara personuppgifter kopplade till kreditprövning och rådgivning om värdepapper
Hantera säkerhetskraven för online-betalningar och åtkomst till konton
Rapportera till myndigheter såsom Skatteverket och Finansinspektionen
Följa bokföringslagen och regler om riskhantering och statistik
Hantera, analysera och följa upp klagomål
Informera våra kunder, exempelvis på kontor, per fysisk post, e-post, sms, pushnotiser eller via telefon
Bankens berättigade intresse
Handelsbanken erbjuder finansiella tjänster med målsättningen att skapa långa och goda relationer med våra kunder. Banken behandlar dina personuppgifter för exempelvis följande ändamål:
Utföra marknads- och kundanalyser för att utveckla våra produkter, tjänster, erbjudanden och mötesplatser
Genomföra marknadsaktiviteter där vi identifierar och föreslår produkter eller tjänster som kan vara relevanta för dig, om du inte har meddelat oss att du inte vill ta del av sådana aktiviteter och erbjudanden. Du kan få erbjudanden om dessa aktiviteter via exempelvis fysisk post, e-post, sms, pushnotiser eller telefonsamtal.
Genomföra kvalitetsundersökningar i samarbete med kundundersökningsföretag
Utveckla, förbättra och hantera våra produkter, tjänster, applikationer, tekniska system och IT-infrastruktur samt genomföra tester i samband med detta
Utveckla, underhålla och utvärdera våra modeller och metoder för riskanalyser, till exempel för kapitaltäckning samt för att förebygga och upptäcka bedrägerier och penningtvätt samt finansiering av terrorism
Göra riskanalyser och ta fram statistik för att till exempel förbättra våra kreditriskmodeller
Av säkerhetsskäl ha nödvändig information om de besökare som befinner sig i bankens lokaler
Med ditt samtycke
För vissa produkter behöver vi ditt samtycke för att behandla dina personuppgifter och då frågar vi efter det separerat från avtalet för produkten eller annan dokumentation. Vi beskriver då också hur du kan ta tillbaka ditt samtycke och hur det i så fall påverkar dig gällande den specifika produkten eller tjänsten.
Ett exempel på när vi använder samtycke är när du besöker vår webbplats. Då sätts en cookie med ett unikt ID i din webbläsare som vi använder för webbanalys så att vi kan förstå hur webbplatsen används. Du ger ditt samtycke till detta när du accepterar användandet av cookies första gången du besöker vår webbplats. Däremot följer vi inte hur enskilda personer använder webbplatsen och därför lagras inte namn, e-post, IP-adresser eller liknande i våra cookies. Du hittar mer information om hur vi arbetar med cookies under
Cookies
på vår hemsida.
Profilering och automatiserade beslut
Banken använder sig i vissa fall av så kallad profilering. Det innebär en automatisk behandling av personuppgifter för att göra analyser kring våra kunders ekonomiska situation, personliga val eller beteenden i våra olika mötesplatser. Profilering används till exempel för att analysera vår rådgivningsdokumentation, i samband med marknadsföring, när vi utvecklar våra system eller i samband med förebyggande åtgärder mot penningtvätt och finansiering av terrorism.
Banken använder sig även av automatiserat beslutsfattande, inklusive profilering, i några fall. Ett automatiserat beslut sker på teknisk väg, utan mänsklig inblandning. Banken använder sig av sådana beslut för att öka snabbheten, objektiviteten och korrektheten när vi erbjuder tjänsterna. Vi använder oss exempelvis av detta vid:
Godkännande/avslag på en ansökan om ett lånelöfte eller en kreditansökan via internet eller app. Beslut om lånelöften och krediter baseras bland annat på de uppgifter som lämnats i samband med ansökan tillsammans med olika uppgifter från en extern kreditupplysning såsom inkomst och betalningsanmärkningar. En sammanvägd bedömning sker om kreditansökan kan beviljas eller inte.
Godkännande/avslag på en ny ansökan om bankkort via internetbank eller app. Det automatiserade beslutet baseras bland annat på intern skötselinformation om ditt engagemang i banken, exempelvis om övertrasserade konton och betalningspåminnelser förekommer. Det förutsätter också att en uppdaterad kundkännedomsinformation finns eftersom banken är skyldig att förstå syftet med affärsrelationen och förekommande transaktioner.
Transaktionsövervakning för att identifiera och förhindra bedrägerier.
När du söker en tjänst där automatiserat beslutsfattande, inklusive profilering, förekommer, har du alltid rätt att kontakta ditt bankkontor för att kunna invända mot beslutet och få det omprövat.
Varifrån samlar vi in dina personuppgifter
Vi samlar in personuppgifterna direkt från dig, till exempel när du ansöker om en tjänst eller en produkt, när du tecknar ett avtal med banken, eller när du använder bankens olika tjänster och produkter. Det sker också i samband med den interaktion du har med oss, exempelvis via möten, telefonsamtal, fysisk post, e-post, kvalitetsundersökningar eller via våra digitala kanaler.
De kontaktuppgifter som vi samlar in direkt från dig, använder vi också i vår fortsatta kontakt med dig. Det innebär att uppgifter som du lämnar i samband med en viss tjänst, kan användas i efterföljande kontakter även för andra tjänster. Exempel på när du lämnar dina kontaktuppgifter är när du skickar oss en låneansökan eller i samband med att du kopplar ditt mobilnummer till Swish.
Via ’Min Profil’ i internetbanken, kan du själv ändra dina inställningar avseende direktmarknadsföring. Du kan även kontakta oss för att uppdatera inställningarna.
Banken hämtar också information från offentliga och andra register, som exempelvis Statens personadressregister (SPAR), Skatteverket, UC (Upplysningscentralen) och Lantmäteriet. Om du inte är kund i banken och kontaktas av oss i samband med att vi genomför en marknadsföringsaktivitet har vi inhämtat dina personuppgifter från offentligt register t ex SPAR, såvida inte en annan källa anges för den specifika aktiviteten.
Kamerabevakning
Banken använder sig av kamerabevakning som en del av vårt säkerhetsarbete för bankens anställda och kunder. Den används exempelvis för att förebygga och utreda brott, motverka bedrägerier, penningtvätt och annan kriminell verksamhet samt säkerställa din och våra medarbetares fysiska säkerhet. Kamerabevakningen sker i eller i anslutning till bankens lokaler. Kamerabevakade områden är markerade med skyltar. Bankomater i nära anslutning till bankens kontorslokaler kan också kamerabevakas. Om banken misstänker brott kan även inspelning av ljud förekomma.
Bevakningen sker med stöd av Kamerabevakningslagen (2018:1200) och bedöms nödvändig för att tillgodose bankens berättigade intresse av ett ändamålsenligt säkerhetsarbete. I avvägningen har skyddet för den personliga integriteten beaktats där vi bedömer att bild-, och i vissa fall ljudupptagningar, utgör en begränsad påverkan på dina fri- och rättigheter sett till att det medför en ökad trygghet med bevakningskameror i, eller i anslutning till, bankens lokaler.
Vid misstanke om brott behandlas personuppgifter för att rättsliga anspråk ska kunna fastställas, göras gällande eller försvaras. Vi delar bild- och ljudupptagningar till myndigheter i den utsträckning vi enligt lag är skyldiga att göra det, exempelvis om de är nödvändiga för en brottsutredning.
Banken sparar inspelat bild- och eventuellt ljudmaterial som längst i 30 dagar.
Inspelning av telefonsamtal
Vi spelar in, lagrar och kan också komma att kontrollera telefonsamtal för olika ändamål. Detta görs exempelvis vid
Dokumentationsskyldighet där vi har en skyldighet enligt lag att dokumentera det vi kommer överens om i telefonsamtalet, exempelvis vid värdepappersaffärer
Utbildningssyfte där vi stödjer oss mot den rättsliga grunden ’bankens berättigade intresse’
Misstanke om bedrägerier eller annan brottslig verksamhet
Förekomst av hot mot bankens anställda
Övriga ändamål, inklusive dokumentationsändamål utan lagkrav, sker inspelning med stöd av den rättsliga grunden ’bankens berättigade intresse’. Detta sker exempelvis när vi samlar in, behandlar och lagrar personuppgifter för att kunna förbereda, tillhandahålla och administrera bankens produkter och tjänster till dig. Vi spelar också in för att kunna verifiera ett avtal eller ett samtal med dig.
Information vi får från dig om andra privatpersoner
Om du, i samband med en produkt eller tjänst i banken, förser oss med information om en annan person, behöver du visa detta dokument ’Behandling av personuppgifter’ för de berörda privatpersonerna. Du behöver försäkra dig om att den andra personen känner till och inte motsätter sig att dela sina personuppgifter som är relevanta för ändamålet. Det kan till exempel gälla när du som privatperson gör en gemensam kreditansökan med någon annan eller lämnar fullmakt till någon annan person för ditt engagemang i banken.
Det kan också gälla när du som företrädare för ett företag eller organisation som är kund i banken förser oss med information om andra individer som en del av vår affärsrelation eller andra företagshändelser. Dessa kan exempelvis vara egna kunder, hyresgäster, anställda, dina affärspartners, styrelseledamöter, aktieägare eller fullmaktstagare där banken då förutsätter att du har godkännande att förmedla deras personuppgifter.
Vem delar vi dina personuppgifter med
Banken får enligt lag inte lämna ut information om dig om det inte finns tydligt stöd för det antingen i samband med att vi uppfyller villkoren i ett avtal med dig eller för ett legalt syfte som kräver eller tillåter det, som exempelvis rapportering till myndigheter.
För att kunna uppfylla villkoren i våra produkt- och tjänsteavtal behöver vi dela information om dig med andra företag inom Handelsbankenkoncernen och ibland även med externa företag som tillhandahåller avtalade tjänster till banken och våra kunder. Det kan till exempel vara andra banker, betalningsförmedlare och andra finansiella infrastrukturparter, leverantörer, aktörer som agerar på kunders uppdrag eller andra parter i produktavtalet.
Exempel på när vi delar dina personuppgifter utanför koncernen är:
När vi tar en kreditupplysning i samband med att du ansökt om ett lån, exempelvis till UC (Upplysningscentralen)
Till aktörer som är en del i betalningsflödet av en vara eller tjänst, som kortutgivare eller inlösare av korttransaktioner
När vi utför en betalning på ditt uppdrag, till exempelvis via Mastercard, Bankgirocentralen (BGC), Finansiell ID-teknik (BankID) eller Getswish AB (Swish)
Till andra banker i eller utanför EU/EES (Europeiska Ekonomiska Samarbetsrådet), när vi på ditt uppdrag för över pengar eller andra tillgångar
Till olika myndigheter i syfte att uppfylla lagar och andra regler kring till exempel skatter, penningtvätt eller finansiering av terrorism
Till företag där du som privatperson är aktieägare i syfte att uppfylla lagar kring information som ska delges om aktieägare
Vi samarbetar med Citibank avseende förvar av finansiella instrument. För att banken ska kunna tillhandahålla en förvarstjänst för finansiella instrument delar banken personuppgifter med Citibank. Information om hur Citibank behandlar personuppgifter hittar du via länken
Citibank Privacy
Policy
Öppnas i nytt fönster
som finns i dokumentet Behandling av personuppgifter på vår hemsida.
Vi delar även information om dig som är kund i banken med andra företag inom Handelsbankenkoncernen för marknadsföringsändamål
Vi samarbetar också med företag som på bankens uppdrag genomför kund- och  kvalitetsundersökningar
Om vi säljer delar av vår verksamhet, kan dina personuppgifter komma att delas med förvärvande bolag
Överföringar till tredjeland
I några fall kan vi komma att föra över personuppgifter till mottagare i ett land utanför EU och EES , s k ’tredjeland’. Det förekommer främst när vi för över pengar eller andra tillgångar till en mottagare i ett tredjeland på ditt uppdrag för att fullgöra ett avtal mellan dig och banken . Ett annat fall kan vara när vi är skyldiga att tillhandahålla personuppgifter till någon myndighet i tredjeland.
Om vi inte utför ett uppdrag för att fullgöra ett avtal med dig, måste någon av följande förutsättningar vara uppfylld för att vi ska utföra en överföring till ett tredjeland:
Att Europeiska kommissionen tagit beslut om att det finns en lämplig skyddsnivå i det aktuella landet
Att det finns andra skyddsåtgärder som till exempel standardavtalsklausuler eller bindande företagsbestämmelser
Att det finns ett särskilt tillstånd av tillsynsmyndigheten eller
Att det är tillåtet enligt gällande dataskyddslagstiftning
Hur länge sparar vi dina personuppgifter
Vi sparar dina personuppgifter så länge vi behöver för att kunna tillhandahålla de produkter och tjänster du har avtal med oss om. Vi sparar också personuppgifter för att kunna uppfylla krav i lagar och beslut av myndigheter, som till exempel för bokföring och skatterapportering.
Om du avslutar ditt konto eller någon annan tjänst i banken behöver vi spara en del av dina personuppgifter som är kopplade till den produkten eller tjänsten under viss tid. Vi behöver exempelvis behålla vissa personuppgifter i sju år för att kunna rapportera till Skatteverket och i högst tio år för att uppfylla regler kring penningtvätt.
Om du ansöker om någon av bankens tjänster men sedan inte skriver något avtal med banken, kan dina personuppgifter behöva sparas för att uppfylla regler kring penningtvätt. I regel sparas dina personuppgifter som längst i fem år.
Om du inte är kund i banken och har kontaktats av oss i en marknadsföringsåtgärd sparas personuppgifterna för genomförande av marknadsföringsåtgärden och som längst i tre månader.
På sociala medier
Banken är aktiv i flera olika sociala medier,  som exempelvis Facebook, Instagram och LinkedIn. Om du kontaktar oss via våra konton på sociala medier kommer dina personuppgifter att samlas in och behandlas av oss samt de enskilda sociala medierna i enlighet med deras dataskyddsinformation.
Banken och de enskilda sociala medierna har ett gemensamt personuppgiftsansvar som innebär att du som registrerad har rätt att begära ut efterfrågad information av båda parter. Banken ansvarar endast för den behandling som är kopplad till bankens konton.
Du som  användare av sociala medier kan ta del av den personuppgiftsbehandling som är kopplad till ditt konto via deras Datapolicy som du hittar på respektive hemsida. Information om hur du kan ta del av ansvarsfördelningen i det gemensamma personuppgiftsansvaret för exempelvis Facebook och Instagram, hittar du via länken ’
Tillägg om
personuppgiftsansvar
Öppnas i nytt fönster
’ som finns i dokumentet ’Behandling av personuppgifter’ på vår hemsida.
Vi kan även komma att analysera dina aktiviteter samt rikta budskap till olika målgrupper på sociala medier i marknadsföringssyfte. Syftet med dessa analyser är att ge dig som kund relevant information. Du hittar mer information om hur vi arbetar med sociala medier under ’
Handelsbanken på sociala medier
’ på vår hemsida.
Våra appar
När du har laddat ner någon av bankens appar, kan vi skicka information till den enhet där appen är installerad i form av pushnotiser. Meddelandet kan till exempel innehålla information om att ett kortköp har genomförts eller att ett produktvillkor har uppdaterats. Du kan själv styra om informationen ska skickas eller inte via inställningar i bankens appar. Du kan också styra hur informationen visas på enhetens skärm i låst läge via din enhets systeminställningar. Informationen skickas krypterat till din enhet.
Dina rättigheter kring behandling av personuppgifter
Du har flera rättigheter gällande dina personuppgifter som banken behandlar. För att nyttja dessa behöver du fylla i begäran
Registerutdrag för personuppgifter.
Den når du via din internetbank, vår hemsida, när du besöker ditt lokala bankkontor eller ringer 0771-77 88 99 för personlig service. Du kan begära en kopia på dina personuppgifter som banken behandlar, begära särskilt efterfrågad information eller utöva någon av de andra rättigheterna i samma begäran.
Vi kommer att svara dig så fort som möjligt, i regel inom en månad. I de flesta fall är handläggningen av din begäran avgiftsfri. Innan du kan få ta del av begärd information behöver vi säkerställa att rätt person tar del av uppgifterna, varför du behöver identifiera dig på ett säkert sätt som till exempel när begäran sker via inloggad internetbank.
Om du har fler frågor kring dina rättigheter, hittar du mer information om våra kontaktuppgifter under ’Kontakt’ på vår hemsida och under ’Mer information’ nedan.
Att begära åtkomst till dina personuppgifter
Du har rätt att begära en kopia av dina personuppgifter som banken behandlar. I många fall omfattar det uppgifter som du hittar i de onlinetjänster vi erbjuder. Du kan också begära särskilt efterfrågad information och får då specificera vilken information du efterfrågar.
I vissa fall kan rätten till åtkomst vara begränsad, till exempel på grund av lagstiftning, när det handlar om sekretessbelagd information eller i samband med affärshemligheter. Intern information som är en del av förberedande arbete för att säkerställa korrekt ärendehantering eller information som hålls hemlig för att förebygga, utreda och avslöja brottslig verksamhet är andra exempel på när åtkomst till information är begränsad.
Begära rättelse av felaktiga eller ofullständiga uppgifter
Om du upptäcker att banken har felaktiga eller ofullständiga uppgifter om dig, kan du begära rättelse. Banken korrigerar uppgifterna så snart vi uppmärksammats på felaktigheten, förutsatt att det inte finns begränsningar på grund av lagstiftning. Om banken har delat informationen med någon annan part, ska vi säkerställa att uppgifterna korrigeras även där.
Begära radering
Du kan begära radering av dina personuppgifter som banken behandlar under vissa förutsättningar. Detta kan ske till exempel om uppgifterna inte länge behövs för de ändamål de samlades in för, när du återkallar ett samtycke och banken inte har någon annan rättslig grund för fortsatt behandling, om behandlingen är olaglig eller om behandlingen avser direktmarknadsföring och du motsätter dig detta. Via ’Min Profil’ i internetbanken, kan du själv göra inställningar kring direktmarknadsföring. Du kan även kontakta oss för att uppdatera inställningarna.
Rätten till radering kan i vissa fall vara begränsad, till exempel när banken behöver informationen för att administrera dina avtal eller när banken har ett lagkrav att bevara viss information under tiden du har en förbindelse med banken. Vi kan även efter en avslutad förbindelse behöva spara en del av dina personuppgifter, upp till tio år och ibland – för vissa ändamål – ännu längre, till exempel på grund av regler i penningtvättslagen, regler om räkenskapsinformation i bokföringslagen och regler i preskriptionslagen om preskription av fordringar.
Invända mot bankens behandling
Du har rätt att invända mot att vi behandlar dina personuppgifter när det sker utifrån den legala grunden ’bankens berättigade intresse’. Invändning mot att banken behandlar dina personuppgifter för direktmarknadsföring, kan ske när som helst och innebär att banken ska upphöra med denna behandling.
Begära begränsning av behandlingen
Du har rätt att begära begränsning av behandlingen av personuppgifter i de fall du motsätter dig riktigheten i de uppgifter som banken har registrerade om dig eller motsätter dig lagligheten i behandlingen. Begränsning kan också begäras när du har invänt mot behandlingen och exempelvis begärt radering av personuppgifterna.
I de fall det inträffar, begränsas behandlingen till att endast omfatta vissa avgränsade syften, exempelvis lagring tills rättelsen är genomförd eller tills det är fastställt att banken kan behandla personuppgifterna enligt den legala grunden ’bankens berättigade intresse’.
Dataportabilitet
Du kan få en digital kopia av de flesta av de personuppgifter som du lämnat till banken där behandlingen är baserad på de legala grunderna ’samtycke’ eller ’avtal’ och som behandlas automatiserat. Vi kan, på ditt uppdrag och i de fall det är tekniskt möjligt, flytta dessa uppgifter direkt till något annat företag eller myndighet som ska behandla dina personuppgifter.
Mer information
Om du har frågor eller synpunkter kring hur vi behandlar dina personuppgifter är du välkommen att kontakta ditt bankkontor eller skriva till bankens dataskyddsombud på e-post
dpo@handelsbanken.se
eller till följande postadress:
Handelsbanken
Dataskyddsombud
106 70 Stockholm
Denna kontaktinformation gäller också för bankens svenska dotterbolag:
Ecster AB
Handelsbanken Finans AB
Handelsbanken Fonder AB
Handelsbanken Liv Försäkrings AB
Stadshypotek AB
samt pensionskassan:
Pensionskassan SHB Försäkringsförening
Du kan också kontakta bankens klagomålsansvarig eller tillsynsmyndigheten, Integritetsskyddsmyndigheten (IMY), vid eventuella klagomål rörande behandlingen av dina personuppgifter. Du hittar kontaktuppgifter till bankens klagomålsansvarig under
Kontakt
på Handelsbankens hemsida respektive till tillsynsmyndigheten på
Integritetsskyddsmyndighetens
Öppnas i nytt fönster
webbplats.
Ändringar och senaste versionen
Så här behandlar vi dina personuppgifter i Handelsbanken' uppdateras kontinuerligt, exempelvis när nya ändamål för behandlingen läggs till eller när ytterligare kategorier av personuppgifter behandlas.
Senast uppdaterad januari 2023
Utskrift
Behandling av personuppgifter
(pdf)
Öppnas i nytt fönster
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.citibank.com/icg/global_markets/docs/Client-Privacy-Policy.pdf:
About Us
Businesses
Our Impact
News
Insights
Investors
Careers
My Account
Home
/
Citigroup Privacy Notices
PRIVACY NOTICES
Citigroup Website
U.S.  Consumers
Global Institutional Clients
Careers Website
California Privacy Hub
Online Privacy Notice for Visitors to Citigroup.com, and Its Associated Pages
This page was last updated on March 6, 2025.
Related Citi Privacy Notices
U.S. Privacy Notice for Consumers
Careers Site Privacy Policy
California Privacy Hub
Citi Real Estate Services Privacy Notice
(
California Addendum
)
This Privacy Notice (the "Notice") governs how Citigroup Inc. and our subsidiaries and affiliated companies (collectively, “Citi,” “we,” or “us”) collect, use, and disclose Personal Information (as defined below) from and about users (“you”) of this website. We advise you to read the Notice in its entirety, including the jurisdiction-specific provisions in the appendix to this Notice, which will apply to users in certain jurisdictions.
If you are a California resident, the California Privacy Rights Act may give you certain privacy rights related to your Personal Information, which are in addition to any rights set forth in this Notice. Please read the California Supplemental Provision below for additional information.
Please note that if you are a Citi customer, additional privacy notices may apply to you as a customer of a particular Citi business, and this Notice does not replace any other privacy notice that may be applicable to Personal Information collected or used by Citi through that customer relationship with Citi.
PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH THE SERVICES
HOW PERSONAL INFORMATION IS USED
HOW PERSONAL INFORMATION IS DISCLOSED
CHILDREN
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
SECURITY
YOUR CHOICES
CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE
CONTACT US
APPENDIX
Personal Information Collected Through the Services
The type of personal information we collect is classified as Other Information.
"Other Information" is information that does not and cannot reveal an individual's specific identity, such as information that has been de-identified or aggregated.
Citi collects and uses certain Personal Information in order to operate and provide you with access to the Services. This includes Personal Information that we collect automatically when you visit or interact with the Services.
Information That We Collect About Your Use of the Services
We automatically collect certain information about your use of the Services and about the device you use to access the Services, which may include:
The pages you request and visit;
Information obtained in the course of maintaining or supporting the Services;
Information about your internet use, such as your IP address, the URLs of sites from which you arrive or leave the Services, your type of browser, your operating system, your internet provider; and
If you access the Services via your mobile device, we may also collect information about your mobile provider and type of mobile device.
We (and others that control collection of Personal Information) use different technologies to collect this information, including cookies and web beacons. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular, and count visits. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, and understand usage and campaign effectiveness. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, please see "Your Choices" below.
Advertising and Analytics
We may allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the web and in mobile apps. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Services and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in mobile apps, links clicked, and conversion information. This information may be used by us and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites, and better understand your online activity. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit
www.aboutads.info/choices
. Your device may also include a feature (“Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads” or “Opt Out of Ads Personalization” on Android) that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through mobile apps used for behavioral advertising purposes.
How Personal Information Is Used
We use the Personal Information we collect to provide, maintain, and improve the Services. We may also use the Personal Information we collect to:
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages (such as changes to our terms, conditions, and policies) and to respond to your comments, questions, and customer service requests;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services;
Develop new products and services and enhance current products and services;
Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, and protect the rights and property of Citi and others; and
Carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected.
How Personal Information Is Disclosed
We may disclose your Personal Information for the following purposes or as otherwise described in this Notice:
With our service providers, who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, processing your transactions, e-mail delivery, auditing, and other services;
To cooperate with public and government authorities and law enforcement, and to respond to their requests, or to provide them with information as required;
For other legal reasons, such as to monitor compliance with and enforce our terms and conditions, to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you
or others, to protect against fraud, crime, illegal activity, anti-money laundering, or anti- terrorism, and for risk management purposes; and
In connection with a sale or business transaction, such as to an acquiring entity or its advisors in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
We may also disclose aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you to help deliver products, services, and content that are tailored to the users of our Services and for other purposes.
Children
Our Services are not designed for children and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided Personal Information to us, please contact us, and we will take appropriate action.
Links to Other Websites
The Services may contain links to other websites. Please note that Citi is not responsible for the privacy or information security practices of other websites. You should carefully review the applicable privacy and information security policies and notices for any other websites you click through to via the Services.
Security
We seek to use reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural measures to safeguard Personal Information within our organization against loss, theft, and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its security.
Your Choices
Cookies
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. For additional information on our cookies policy please refer to the
Citigroup Websites Cookie Policy
.
Managing your Cookie preferences
We respect your right to privacy, and you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. You can disable cookies by clicking on the different category headings that is available in the pop-up cookies banner when you first access the site.
Cookie List
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
Allow our services to operate in a secure and reliable manner and provide basic functionalities. These cookies are essential and are used for website operations, navigation and allowing images to load. Strictly Necessary cookies cannot be disabled, and your internet browser will accept them by default. You can set your browser to delete them after each online session or at any time thereafter.
Functional Cookies
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make, like what language you prefer and your location. Functional cookies can include first-party, third-party, persistent or session cookies. Like Strictly Necessary cookies, Functionality cookies are used to provide services that you request. These cookies can remember preferences to boost the user experience on a website.
Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about how you use the website, like which pages you visit, and which links you clicked on. Their sole purpose is to improve website functions. This includes cookies from third-party analytic services as long as the cookies are for Citi’s exclusive use.
Targeting Cookies
These are also known as “marketing” cookies. These cookies track online activity to help advertisers deliver more relevant advertising or to limit how many times you see an advertisement. These cookies can share that information with other organizations or advertisers. These are persistent cookies and almost always of third-party provenance.
Updating Your Personal Information
Keeping your account information accurate and up to date is very important. If your account information is incomplete, inaccurate or not current, please use the Contact Us option on our website, or call or write to us at the telephone numbers or appropriate address for changes listed on your account statements, records, online or other account materials. You can also speak to a branch representative, your financial advisor or your designated account representative.
Changes to This Notice
From time to time, we may revise this Notice. Changes may be made for any number of reasons, including to reflect industry initiatives, changes in the law, and changes to the scope of the Services, among other reasons. You can tell when we last updated the Notice by checking the date at the beginning of the Notice. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Notice on the Site.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Notice, please contact us using the contact information listed
below.
If you are contacting us from outside the United States, please refer to the relevant
Citi country page
or use the contact details in the local privacy notice for your product.
Appendix
Additional information for individuals in European countries (European Union and European Economic Area member States, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the Bailiwick of Jersey)
If you are in any European jurisdiction in this subtitle, you have certain specific rights and protections under applicable data protection laws. Please read the following paragraphs, which complement the main provisions.
1.    Lawful Basis for Processing Personal Data
We process your personal data under the lawful basis of legitimate interest where:
We need to use your personal data for the purposes indicated here How Personal Information is Used AND
We are not under an obligation to process your personal data.
We find such processing is proportionate and within your expectations when providing your personal data. If we intend to use personal data collected under the lawful basis of legitimate interest, such repurposing shall meet two conditions (a) the new purpose will have to be closely aligned with the original purpose for processing and (b) we will inform you of the new purpose and provide you the ability to opt-out, or decline such further processing, within a certain period.
2.    Data Subject Requests and Enforcement of Rights
You have rights with respect to the personal data which Citi holds about you.
To request or enforce any of these rights please Contact Us.
Alternatively, individuals or ‘Data Subjects’ in Europe can contact:
GDPR Data Protection Officer at Citi, Citigroup Centre, 25 Canada Square, London, E14 5LB, United Kingdom (Email:
gdprdpo@citi.com
).
Clients of the Private Bank in Switzerland can contact our Data Protection Advisor ad Citi, Hardstrasse 201, 8005 Zurich, Switzerland. Email:
swissdataprotectionadvisor@citi.com
3.    Contact the Data Protection Officers or the Data Protection Authority
If you are unsatisfied on how we processed your personal data, depending on your country of residence, you may contact the European Union and European Economic Area: Data Protection Commissioner, in Ireland, our Lead Supervisory Authority for cross border operations in the EU/EEA.
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
Switzerland
: Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC):
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html
United Kingdom
: Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO):
www.ico.org.uk
Bailiwick of Jersey
: Office of the Information Commissioner:
https://jerseyoic.org/
B. Additional Information for persons in Nigeria
Data Controller
The Data Controller for Citi Events in Nigeria is Citibank Nigeria Limited (CNL) a commercial bank licensed by the Central Bank of Nigeria, with registered offices at 27 Kofo Abayomi Street, Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria. CNL is responsible for the lawful collection, use, processing and disposal of personal data in Nigeria and its lawful transfer across national borders. CNL has ensured that it has appropriate contractual, technical and operational measures in place with its affiliates and parent companies, and any sub-processors of personal data gathered in Nigeria.
You can request or enforce your personal data rights by emailing or writing to the Data Protection Officer at our registered address or by Email to CNL Data Protection Officer at dponigeria@citi.com
Legal Basis for Processing personal information
CNL relies on various lawful basis as permissible by law for the collection and processing of Personal Data in Nigeria and will rely on your consent for the transfer of personal information, where appropriate. These will be gathered, for example in the Release of Permission to Record images, sounds or videos.
We may rely on other lawful basis for processing, including for compliance with applicable law or in the public interest recognized in a statute, or if it is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Silence
Your silence will never be assumed to be consent to the processing of your Personal Information.
Your Rights when our processing is for Legitimate Interests
Citi shall discontinue the processing of your Personal Information upon your request, unless Citi demonstrates a public interest or other legitimate grounds, which overrides your fundamental rights and freedoms and interests.
Further Protections for Processing of Sensitive Personal Data
Without prejudice to the principles set out in the Nigeria Data Protection Act 2023, Citi shall not process your sensitive personal data, unless:
(a) you have given and not withdrawn consent to the processing for the specific purpose or purposes for which it will be processed;
(b) processing is necessary for the purposes of performing the obligations of Citi or exercising your rights under employment or any other similar laws;
(c) processing is necessary to protect your vital interests or of another person, where the data subject is physically or legally incapable of giving consent;
(d) processing is carried out in the course of its legitimate activities, with appropriate safeguards, by a foundation, association, or such other non-profit organisation with charitable, educational, literary, artistic, philosophical, religious, or trade union purposes, and the —
(i) processing relates solely to the members or former members of the entity, or to persons, who have regular contact with it in connection with its purposes, and
(ii) sensitive personal data is not disclosed outside of the entity without the explicit consent of the data subject;
(e) processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defense of a legal claim, obtaining legal advice, or conduct of a legal proceeding;
(f) processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest, since a law, which shall be proportionate to the aim pursued, and provides for suitable and specific measures to safeguard the fundamental rights, freedoms and interests of the data subject;
(g) processing is carried out for purposes of medical care or community welfare, and undertaken by or under the responsibility of a professional or similar service provider owing a duty of confidentiality;
(h) processing is necessary for reasons of public health and provides for suitable and specific measures to safeguard the fundamental rights, freedoms and interests of the data subject; or
(i) processing is necessary for archiving purposes in the public interest, or historical, statistical, or scientific research, in each case since a law, which shall be proportionate to the aim pursued, and provides for suitable and specific measures to safeguard the fundamental rights and freedoms and the interests of the data subject.
Notification of Security Incidents and Breaches of Personal Information
The safety, security and integrity of your personal information are paramount to banking operations. We will promptly notify the Nigeria Data Protection Commissioner and in any case within 72 upon becoming aware of any accidental or intentional damage, alteration, destruction, unauthorized disclosure, loss, misuse, inability to access, extraction or theft of personal information that is stored or processed by Citi, where there is a risk to your rights or freedoms. If the risks are significant, we will also communicate directly with you, providing details of the data exposed to risk, with advice and measures we take to mitigate any adverse effects.
Right to File Claims before the Nigeria Data Protection Commission
In the event that the protection of your Personal Information is compromised or interfered with, you may lodge a complaint with the Nigeria Data Protection Commission No.12 Clement Isong Street, Asokoro, Abuja or
info@ndpc.gov.ng
.
You may communicate with CNL
Through Citi’s Data Protection Officer at
Citibank Nigeria Limited, 27, Kofo Abayomi Street, Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria or
dponigeria@citi.com
or,
Through your relationship manager or customer services at
https://www.citigroup.com/global/privacy/contact-us
.
Supplemental provision applicable to California residents
Supplemental Provision – California
Last Updated and Effective Date: December 4, 2023
This California Supplemental Provision (the “
Supplement
”) supplements the information contained in the
Citigroup.com Privacy Notice
(the “
Privacy Notice
”) and applies solely to residents of California who have rights under the California Privacy Rights Act (“
CPRA
”) (“
consumers
” or “
you
”). Unless otherwise defined in the Privacy Notice, any terms defined in this Supplement have the meaning used in the CPRA.
We do not collect other forms of Personal Information called “sensitive” Personal Information, which are subject to additional protections under applicable data privacy laws. Because we do not collect “sensitive” Personal Information, we do not need to provide a Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information right under the CPRA.
Summary of Personal Information Handling Practices
We provide in the chart below a summary of our prior 12-month Personal Information handling practices. We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties for monetary consideration. However, we may share your Personal Information with third parties for advertising purposes. We do not have actual knowledge of any collection, use, sale, or sharing of Personal Information of consumers under 16 years of age.
Categories of Personal Information
Sources
Purposes of Processing such Personal Information
Recipients of Personal Information
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement.
From You
To recognize you, your device or your browser when you use the websites/services so that we can facilitate navigation, display information more effectively, store your preferences and otherwise personalize your experience and enhance the use of the websites/services;
To manage our business, such as for data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, information security, ensuring that the websites/services function properly and otherwise administering and improving them, developing new products and services, identifying usage trends, and expanding our business activities;
To review statistical information about use of the websites/services in order to improve their design and functionality, to understand how they are used, and to assist us with resolving questions about the Websites/services; and
To fulfill our compliance or legal obligations or as otherwise permitted by applicable laws.
Sold
We have not sold this information to third parties for monetary consideration.
Shared
We may have shared this information with third party cookie and tracker providers for targeted advertising purposes. See the Advertising and Analytics section in the Privacy Notice for more details.
Service Providers
We have disclosed this information to our affiliates and to other parties that provide services to us or act on our behalf in connection with the operation of our business. See the  How Personal Information is Disclosed section  in the Privacy Notice for more details.
Geolocation data.
From your usage of the site
To recognize you, your device or your browser when you use the websites/services and enhance the use of the websites/services;
To manage our business, such as for data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, information security, ensuring that the websites/services function properly and otherwise administering and improving them, developing new products and services, identifying usage trends, and expanding our business activities;
To review statistical information about use of the websites/services in order to improve their design and functionality, to understand how they are used, and to assist us with resolving questions about the Websites/services; and
To fulfill our compliance or legal obligations or as otherwise permitted by applicable laws.
Sold
We have not sold this information to third parties.
Shared
We have not shared this information with third parties for targeted advertising purposes.
Service Providers
We have disclosed this information to our affiliates and to other parties that provide services to us or act on our behalf in connection with the operation of our business. See the How Personal Information is Disclosed section in the Privacy Notice for more details.
Retention of Personal Information
We store Personal Information for as long as necessary to carry out the purposes for which we originally collected it and for other legitimate business purposes, including to meet our legal, regulatory, or other compliance obligations.
Your Rights and Choices
The CPRA affords consumers residing in California certain rights with respect to their Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. Subject to certain limitations, you have the following rights in California:
(1) Right to Delete. You have the right to request us to delete the Personal Information we have collected about you.
(2) Right to Correct. You have the right to request us to correct inaccurate Personal Information we maintain about you.
(3) Right to Know and Access. You have the right to know and access the Personal Information we have collected about you, including the categories of Personal Information, the categories of sources from which the Personal Information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing Personal Information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you.
(4) Data Portability. You have the right to receive the information under right (3) in a format, to the extent technically feasible, that is portable, usable, and allows you to transmit the Personal Information to a person without impediment, where the processing is carried out by automated means.
(5) Right to Opt-Out. You have the right to opt out of certain processing, such as opting out of profiling or our sale or sharing of your Personal Information.
(6) Right to No Discrimination. You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of your privacy rights. This includes us not: (a) denying you goods or services; (b) charging you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties; (c) providing you a different level or quality of goods or services; and (d) suggesting to you that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise your rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Visiting
Citi Privacy Hub
; or
Calling us at (833) 971-1191 (TTY: 711)
Except for the right to opt-out related to selling or sharing your Personal Information, we will need to verify your identity before honoring your privacy right request.  Subject to certain limitations, we will honor your privacy rights request within 45 calendar days of receipt of your request, unless we request an extension as permitted by data privacy laws.  However, we will honor opt-out of sale and sharing requests within 15 business days.
Authorized Agents
You may exercise your privacy rights through an authorized agent. If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please contact us by either:
Visiting
Citi Privacy Hub
; or
Calling us at (833)-981-0270 (TTY: 711)
Additional Disclosure for California Residents
California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please contact us by either:
Visiting
Citi Privacy Hub
; or
Calling us at (833)-981-0270 (TTY: 711)
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Supplement, the ways in which we collect and process your Personal Information described in this Supplement, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under the CPRA, please visit
Citi Privacy Hub
or call us at (833) 971-1191 (TTY: 711).
Supplemental provision applicable to users registering from the UAE
Your use of the Services signifies that you agree to waive your material privacy rights under the laws of the UAE. You also agree not to hold Citi liable for any publicity, any publication of news, or comments pertaining to the secrets of your or any other person's private or family lives on the Services. Your use of the Services signifies your consent to allowing Citi to disclose any information that you may consider a secret to anybody at any time. You agree not to hold Citi liable for any disclosure of such information that you may think to be a secret to anyone. Please do not use the Services if you disagree with any part of this Notice.
Supplemental provision applicable to users registering from Korea
Your consent of the Notice and User Agreement upon joining the Citi Alumni Site is deemed that you agreed that your personal information will be controlled, not by Citibank Korea Inc. nor other subsidiaries and affiliates in Korea ("Citi Korea"), but by Citigroup Inc. NY, USA and/or Citi entity which operates the Services you are accessing. Citi Korea is solely responsible for the use of your
personal information within Korea, when it is used by Citi Korea, under the applicable Korean laws including; Personal Information Protection Act, Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection, etc., and other relevant Korean laws. Your personal information and the Submitted material can be shared with Citi Korea but Citi Korea will not collect and use such personal information and material for any marketing purpose without your prior consent. When Citi Korea obtains personal information our personal information via the Services, the use will be controlled by and be bound to the necessary process and procedure following the applicable Korean laws.
Email Address*
Next
This site uses cookies.
We use cookies to collect data while you use this website. The cookies we gather allow us to give you the very best experience. To learn more about how we use cookie data, visit our
cookie policy
.
Please Note:
Strictly Necessary Cookies will continue to be used on our site, even if you select "Reject All", as these cookies are required for our site to perform its basic functions. Please select "Manage Preferences" for additional information on the types of cookies we use and/or to tailor your selections. You can edit your preferences at any time by selecting Cookie Preferences in the site’s footer.
Manage Preferences
Reject All
Accept All
Cookie Preference Management Centre
Your privacy is important. You can choose which Cookies are enabled as described below. At any time, your preferences can be modified by clicking on the Cookie Settings link at the bottom of the page. We use the following Cookies on this site:
Accept All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label