User Privacy Notice
In our User Privacy Notice we have compiled all essential information about our handling of your personal data and your corresponding rights for you.
This Privacy Notice is valid from 11.3.2025
1. Scope and updates of this User Privacy Notice
This User Privacy Notice applies to the use of the mobile.de and automobile.fr websites and all websites connected to them, as well as all applications, services, products and tools of mobile.de (collectively the "Services"), regardless of how you access or use these Services, including access via mobile devices and apps.
We may change this User Privacy Notice at any time by posting the revised version here and indicating the effective date of the revised User Privacy Notice. You will be notified of any material changes to this User Privacy Notice by email if you have registered a user account with us.
2. Controller
mobile.de GmbH, Dernburgstraße 50, D-14057 Berlin, is the operator of the Services and the data controller in the sense of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Whenever the words "we" or "our" are used in this User Privacy Notice, these refer to mobile.de GmbH as the data controller.
3. Data protection officer and contact
We have appointed a data protection officer to oversee the protection of your personal data. If you have any questions about this User Privacy Notice or about data protection at mobile.de in general, you can contact the data protection officer at any time at
datenschutz@team.mobile.de
or via postal mail directed at the data protection officer at the address indicated above.
Furthermore, if you have any questions or complaints regarding this User Privacy Notice, you can contact us at any time.
4. What personal data we collect and process
We collect your personal data when you use our Services, create a new mobile.de account, provide us with information via a
web form
, add or update information in your mobile.de account, participate in online community discussions or otherwise interact with us. We also collect personal data from other sources (such as other members of the
Adevinta group of companies
, credit agencies or bureaus, and other data brokers).
In total, we collect the following personal data:
4.1 Personal data you provide when using our Services or creating a mobile.de account:
Data that identifies you, such as your name, address, telephone numbers, email addresses, your user name, profile picture or your tax identification number that you provide when setting up your mobile.de account or at a later date.
Data on ads and data that you enter in relation to a transaction and other transaction-related content which you generate (e.g. ads, vehicle identification number and other content which you generate or which relates to your mobile.de account, use of the contact function in the ads or financing enquiries, saved searches and ads).
Information required for a financing request (in particular, for a pre-credit check) or financing brokerage (in particular, employment status, monthly net income and housing costs, any credit obligations, preferred credit period and down payment).
Other content that you generate or that relates to your account (such as dealer ratings and comments on dealer ratings).
Content that you share with other users through our messaging tools (see 'Filtering of messages sent via our messaging tools' under section 11).
Financial information (e.g. credit card and account numbers, payment data) in connection with the use of a paid service offered by us or our Safe Pay feature.
In some cases: age, gender, country of birth, nationality, family status, interests and preferences.
Data that we are required to collect for tax purposes when you use our Safe Pay feature as a seller, including, e.g., the tax identification number and the EEA Member State that issued it, your date of birth, the financial account identifier, the name of the financial account holder (if different from the name we have on file in the mobile.de account) and any other information that identifies the account holder, and any EEA Member State in which you are considered to be resident.
When you submit a report regarding illegal content or a complaint to us: Data that identifies you, such as your name and email address, and any additional information you provide with your report or complaint.
You may provide us with additional information through a
web form
or by updating or adding information to your mobile.de account, by participating in community discussions, member chats, inquiries, customer service calls recorded with your consent, or if you contact us for any other reason regarding our Services.
Other data that we are required or entitled by applicable law to collect and process and that we need for your authentication or identification, or for the verification of the data we collect.
4.2 Personal data we collect automatically when you use our Services or create a mobile.de account
Data that is generated through your use of our Services and which is linked to your mobile.de account, e.g. when you save searches or ads.
Data regarding all other interactions with our Services (such as search queries or the ads you view), your advertising preferences, and your communications with us; this also includes the pseudonymised information that the telephone number shown to you in an ad was called.
Location data, including your general location data (e.g., region based on your IP address) and the precise location data of your mobile device. Please note that for most mobile devices, you can manage or disable the use of location services for all applications in the settings menu of your mobile device.
Computer and connection information, such as statistics regarding your use of our Services, information on data traffic to and from websites, referral URL, information on advertisements, your IP address, your access times, your browser history data, your language settings and your weblog information.
4.3 Personal data we collect in connection with the use of cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to collect data while you use our Services. We collect this data from the devices (including mobile devices) that you use our Services with. The data collected includes the following usage- and device-related information:
Data about the pages you visit, the access time, frequency and duration of visits, the links on which you click and other actions you take as part of your use of our Services and in advertising and email content.
Data about your activities and interactions with our advertising partners including data about the advertisements you were shown, how often they were shown, when and where they were shown, and whether you took any action, such as clicking on an advertisement or making a purchase.
The user segment or category into which you as a user fall, for example: male, 20-49 years old, interested in cars.
Model or device type, operating system and version, browser type and settings, device ID or individual device identifier, advertisement ID, individual device token, and cookie-related data (e.g. cookie ID).
The IP address from which your device accesses the Services.
Location data, including your general location data (e.g., region based on your IP address) and the precise location data of your mobile device. Please note that most mobile devices allow you to manage or disable the use of location services for all applications in the settings menu.
For more information about our use of these technologies and your choices, see '9 Cookies & similar technologies'.
4.4 Personal data from other sources
We also collect personal data about you from other sources and from third parties to the extent permitted by applicable law. In particular, this includes the following data:
Data from public sources (e.g. demographic data)
Data from credit agencies or bureaus (e.g. credit checks and identity confirmation)
Data from data providers (e.g. demographic data, interest-based and online advertising related data)
We combine or connect the personal data we collect from you with data from these other sources. Where personal data is disclosed to us by third parties, we take steps to confirm that these third parties are legally permitted to disclose your personal data to us. We also receive access to personal data about you from other members of the
Adevinta group of companies
.
4.5 Social network data you share with us
We allow you to share data with social networks or use social networks or similar service providers with whom you already have an account to create a mobile.de account or to link your mobile.de account to your social network account or account at a similar service provider (e.g. Meta and Google). These social networks and similar service providers may automatically grant us access to certain personal data about you that is stored there (e.g., content you have viewed or like, information about the advertisements you have viewed or clicked on, etc.). You can control the personal data we can access by using the privacy settings of the social network or similar service provider.
We use social media links to various social networks. With the help of these links you can, among other things, share content or recommend products to others. The social media links are integrated in a way that no personal data can be collected by the social networks when the page is accessed. Only when the user clicks on a social media link, a connection to the respective social network is established. For the purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of data by social networks as well as your rights and setting options for the protection of your privacy, please refer to the data protection information of the respective networks or websites. You will find the links below. On our websites we have included social media links to the following social networks:
Meta (Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, Merrion Road, Dublin 4, Ireland).
Link to the Meta Privacy Notice:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
X (X Corp., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA).
Link to the X Privacy Notice:
https://twitter.com/privacy
YouTube (Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland).
Link to the YouTube Privacy Notice:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-en
4.6 Information we receive when you use social login features
We offer you the opportunity to register with the social login features of Google (Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) and Apple (Apple Inc., a California corporation with its principal place of business at One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, California 95014, USA) ("Register with Google", "Register with Apple"). These features allow you to create a mobile.de account using your Apple or Google login information. When you use this feature, we send a request to Google or Apple with the information that you want to register with us and a connection is immediately established between your device and the Google or Apple server. You will then be prompted by Google or Apple to log in and confirm your registration with mobile.de. Google or Apple will then send us at least your email address, your name and - if you expressly allow it - any other profile data.
We will then process this data as if you had provided it to us directly during registration and as described in the following sections (in particular section 5).
If you subsequently use Google's or Apple's sign-in feature, we will only receive information from Google or Apple that you are authorised to sign-in. We do not receive any knowledge of your actual login information (such as usernames or passwords).
5. Purposes and legal basis for data processing and categories of recipients
We process your personal data for various purposes and based on several different legal bases that allow this processing. For example, we process your personal data to provide and improve our Services, to provide you with a personalized user experience on this website, to contact you about your mobile.de account and our Services, to provide customer service, to provide you with personalized advertising and marketing communications, and to detect, prevent, mitigate and investigate fraudulent or illegal activity. We also share your information with third parties (including service providers acting on our behalf) and other members of our company group for these purposes pursuant to section 5.6 of this User Privacy Notice.
Below you will find a summary of the purposes for which we process your personal data, including the categories of recipients to whom we transmit personal data for the purposes stated, sorted by our legal basis for this processing:
5.1 We process your personal data in order to fulfil our contract with you and to provide you with our Services (Article 6(1) (b) GDPR). This includes the following purposes:
Processing of data relating to you or your company for the purpose of entering into a contract with you and executing it.
Provision of our Services, including but not limited to publishing ads and other content, billing, providing the direct sales service and enabling the execution of financing comparisons and -brokerages, insurance comparisons and to measure and improve the quality and success of our Services, to keep our Services secure and operational and to adapt the content of the website and Services to what you might like based on the actions you take. In the context of the financing brokerage of the mobile.de online purchase, we process personal data described in more detail in joint responsibility within the meaning of Art. 26 DSGVO with Santander Consumer Bank AG, Santander-Platz 1, 41061 Mönchengladbach. Further information on this joint responsibility is available in the context of the ordering process of mobile.de online buying and on request from our data protection officer (see section 3 of this data protection declaration above).
Enabling transactions/contacts with other users (including the transmission of your personal data required for this purpose to other mobile.de users), providing and improving functions such as ratings and mobile.de account management, providing other services you use (as described in connection with such services) and ensuring the functionality of our Services.
Provision of the Safe Pay feature including the transfer of your data to the payment service provider MANGOPAY S.A. ("Mangopay") cooperating with us for the performance of your contract with Mangopay regarding the processing of the payment of the purchase price. Mangopay processes your data to fulfil the contract concluded with you and to fulfil its legal obligations (e.g., to prevent money laundering) in accordance with the
Mangopay privacy policy
.
Granting access to your saved vehicles, searches and - if available - saved non-binding financing offers as well as other features offered by us, in particular, saving your details for financing enquiries so that future financing enquiries can be made with just a few clicks.
Solution of problems with your mobile.de account, enforcing fee claims and providing other customer support services (including the feedback solution on our website), in particular to remind you of the possibility of a requested financing transaction by email. For these purposes, we may contact you by email, telephone, SMS, push notification on your mobile device or by post.
Processing of general location data (such as IP address or postal code) in order to provide you with location-based services (such as radius search and other content that is personalized on the basis of your general location data).
Enforcement of our General Terms and Conditions and this User Privacy Notice and other rules and policies.
Display of the business address of registered car dealers on a map in ads of the respective dealer (For this purpose, we transmit the address data to external service providers such as Google Ireland Limited for the use of Google Maps (
Google Privacy Notice
). If a dealer does not want his location details to be shown on a map in his ads, he can contact mobile.de customer service at any time).
Publication and promotion of your listings and related content on the websites or in the applications, services and tools of other members of our company group (especially
Kleinanzeigen
for the automatic export of ads) or cooperating third party operators of websites, applications, services and tools. If we share the content of your listings and any related personal data with third parties, we do so only on the basis of an agreement that limits the use of such personal data by the third party to the purposes necessary to fulfill its contractual obligations to us. Third party providers are contractually obliged to take appropriate security measures with regard to this data. Third party providers are not allowed to pass on personal data contained in your listings to other third parties.
Where necessary, we transmit your personal data to processors and the following recipients for one or several of the purposes described above:
Other mobile.de users
mobile.de dealers
Members of our company group pursuant to section 5.6 of this User Privacy Notice, especially
Kleinanzeigen
External service providers such as financing brokers, financial institutions and other partners linked to car financing services and the payment service provider for the Safe Pay feature (Mangopay)
External operators of websites, applications, services and tools
5.2 We process your personal data in order to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject (Article 6(1) (c) GDPR). This includes the following purposes:
Participation in investigations and proceedings (including judicial proceedings) conducted by public authorities or government agencies, in particular, for the purpose of detecting, investigating and prosecuting illegal acts.
Prevention, detection and mitigation (including compliance with reporting obligations) of illegal activities (e.g. fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing).
Complying with information requests from third parties based on any statutory information rights they have against us (e.g. in the event of an intellectual property infringement, product piracy or other unlawful activity).
Handling reports of illegal content and complaints, including assessing whether these reports or complaints from the same user are often obviously unfounded.
Complying with other statutory legal requirements in the areas of consumer protection, online platforms and taxes.
Ensuring the information security of our Services.
Retention and storage of your personal data to comply with specific legal retention requirements (for more information on mobile.de’s storage of your data, see '7. Storage duration and erasure').
Where necessary, we transmit your personal data to processors and the following recipients for one or several of the purposes described above:
Law enforcement agencies, tax authorities, courts, government agencies or public authorities, intergovernmental or supranational bodies
Third parties based on statutory information claims against us
Third party service providers and financial institution partners
Third parties who are involved in judicial proceedings, in particular, if they submit a legal order, court order or equivalent legal order to us
Credit agencies, bureaus, or associations, if required by applicable law (e.g. information on payment delays, payment defaults or other irregularities that may be relevant to your credit report)
Other users
5.3 We process your personal data in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person (Art. 6(1) (d) GDPR). This includes the following purposes:
Prevention, detection, mitigation and investigation of unlawful activities that may result in impairment of your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person, unless there is a statutory obligation to this effect.
Where necessary, we transmit your personal data to processors and the following recipients for one or several of the purposes described above:
Law enforcement agencies, courts, government agencies or public authorities, intergovernmental or supranational bodies
Third parties who are involved in judicial proceedings
External service providers
5.4 We process your personal data where necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party (Art. 6(1) (f) GDPR), except where such interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In order to reconcile our legitimate interests with your rights, we have introduced appropriate control mechanisms. On this basis, we process your data for the following purposes:
Participation in proceedings (including judicial proceedings) conducted by courts, law enforcement agencies, government agencies or public authorities, intergovernmental or supranational bodies, in particular for the purpose of detecting, investigating and prosecuting illegal acts, unless there is a statutory obligation to this effect, and we may legitimately assume that the disclosure of the data is necessary to avert imminent disadvantages or to report a suspicion of an illegal act. In such cases, we will only disclose what we believe is necessary, such as your name, city, zip code, telephone number, email address, (previous) user names, IP address, fraud complaints and ad content.
Protection of the legitimate interests of third parties in connection with civil law disputes, unless there is a statutory obligation to this effect, if we may legitimately assume that it is necessary to disclose the data to such third parties in order to avert imminent disadvantages.
Prevention, detection, mitigation and investigation of fraud, security breaches and other prohibited or unlawful activities, including the assessment of corresponding risks (e.g. through the use of the telephone number stored in your mobile.de account for two-factor authentication), unless there is a statutory obligation to this effect.
Assessing whether the reports submitted to us as part of the reporting procedure regarding illegal content (including unnamed or anonymous reports) are fraudulent or malicious.
Monitoring and improvement of the information security of our Services, unless there is a statutory obligation to this effect.
Performance of identity checks, evaluation of applications and comparison of information for accuracy and verification purposes.
Automatic filtering and, where necessary, manual review of messages sent through our messaging tools to prevent fraudulent or suspicious activity or violations of our
General Terms and Conditions
or other rules and policies, as further explained below under Filtering of messages sent via our messaging tools (see '11. Other important information regarding data protection').
Provision of functions for users that make the processing of transactions easier or more convenient, for example, by storing or reusing certain data provided by you on your profile or a contact form, to pre-fill your data for further inquiries when using mobile.de’s services.
Performance of your vehicle financing request, in particular to transmit the data you have entered to the respective financial institution partner for the pre-credit check and, together with the result of this pre-credit check, to the advertising mobile.de dealer in order to answer your financing enquiries and to check commission claims. We also use this information in connection with the analysis of your use of our Services. You receive more detailed information, in particular in relation to the pre-credit check, via the privacy notice provided when submitting the respective financing request.
Analysis and improvement of our Services, e.g., by reviewing information from our users about blocked or crashed websites or by performing and evaluating surveys and tests (this also includes, for example, dealer and user surveys or so-called A/B tests, the evaluation of which also includes determining which test group you belong to) in order to identify and solve problems and to thereby provide you with an improved user experience.
Analysis of telephone conversations with our customer service that we recorded with your consent.
Advertisements by mail (unless you have objected).
To the extent permitted by applicable law without your consent, communications with you via electronic mail (e.g. email) or telephone to offer you vouchers, discounts and special offers, to conduct opinion polls and surveys, to inform you about our Services, and to contact you after you have made an appointment with a mobile.de dealer as part of a direct sale, for example to send you an appointment confirmation and reminder or to support you in other ways with regard to the appointment. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can unsubscribe by clicking on the link in the email you received. For technical reasons, the implementation may take a few days.
Customization of page content to display the ads and services you may like based on the actions you take.
Evaluation of the quality and success of our email marketing campaigns on an aggregated basis (e.g. through analysis of opening and click rates).
Assessment of the service status (e.g. on the basis of information provided in response to inquiries from interested users).
Provision of shared content and services (such as registration for services, transaction processing and customer service) with cooperation partners such as banks and insurance companies.
Measures to facilitate compliance with tax regulations for the collection, disclosure and reporting of information.
Initiation, preparation and execution of a company acquisition, e.g. in the event of a merger with another company or takeover by another company. If such an event occurs, we will require the merged entity to comply with this User Privacy Notice with respect to your personal data. Should your personal data be processed for any purpose not specified in this User Privacy Notice, you will be informed in advance of the processing of your data for this new purpose.
Assertion of or defense against legal claims, including those asserted by one mobile.de user against another mobile.de user.
Where necessary, we transmit your personal data to processors and the following recipients for one or several of the purposes described above:
Members of our company group pursuant to section 5.6 of this User Privacy Notice
External service providers
Other mobile.de users
Financial institution partners and mobile.de dealers
Law enforcement agencies, courts, government agencies or public authorities, intergovernmental or supranational bodies
Third parties who are involved in judicial proceedings
Credit agencies or bureaus and collection agencies (e.g. information about payment delays, payment defaults, or other irregularities that may be relevant to your credit report)
Other companies in the context of a company acquisition
Right owners who have entered into a non-disclosure agreement with us, in case of intellectual property infringement, retail crime, stolen goods, product piracy or other unlawful activity, if we, in our sole discretion, deem the investigation of such incident necessary or useful. In such cases, we will disclose the name, address, city, zip code, country, telephone number, email address, company name and ad content to the third party.
Information about your right to object to processing based on our legitimate interests can be found below under '8. Rights as a data subject' and, with regard to the use of cookies and similar technologies, below under '9. Cookies & similar technologies'.
5.5 With your consent (Art. 6(1) (a) GDPR), we process your personal data for the following purposes:
Personalization, measurement and improvement of our and third party advertisements in our online offerings, the online offerings of other members of our company group or third parties.
Marketing communications by telephone or electronic mail (such as email or SMS), including communications by other members of our company group or by third parties, unless these communications are permitted without your consent under applicable law.
Analysis of user behaviour to improve our Services with the help of our own tools as well as tools from third-party providers, also in the context of product development, insofar as the data processing for these purposes is not based on another legal basis (in particular legitimate interests). With your consent, the information obtained in this way can also be used to personalize direct advertising (e.g. by e-mail) or to display context related popups.
Processing of your precise location data to provide location-based services.
Processing of your personal data on the basis of your consent, which you have given so that we or third parties can enable you to use certain services or make them available to you, such as the automatic prefilling of input forms for further financing requests within the Services.
You can find information about your right to withdraw your consent below under '8. Rights as a data subject' and information with regard to the use of cookies and similar technologies below under '9. Cookies & similar technologies'.
Where necessary, we transmit your personal data to processors and the following recipients for one or several of the purposes described above:
Members of our company group pursuant to section 5.6 of this User Privacy Notice
External service providers
Other third parties with whom we partner to offer you specific services (as described at the collection of the respective user consent)
Third party financial institutions with whom we partner to offer financial products to you, for them to provide joint content and services (such as insurance and financing comparison services). These third party partners will use your personal data to send you marketing communications only if you have requested their services.
Without your consent, we will not pass on your personal data to third parties for their marketing or advertising purposes, nor will we sell or otherwise make it available to third parties for a fee.
5.6 Data Sharing between Adevinta Corporate Family Members
As set out above under '4.4 Personal data from other sources', we also receive access to personal data about you from other members of the Adevinta group of companies. This enables us, in particular, to provide you, with your consent as legally required, with information about products and services, which we believe might interest you, and improve our products, services, content, and advertising by analyzing your use of the services of other members of our company group. Furthermore, this allows us to better prevent, detect, mitigate and investigate fraud, security breaches and other prohibited or unlawful activities, including the assessment of corresponding risks. We will also grant access to personal data about you to other members of our company group for the aforementioned purposes. To the extent that other members of our company group have access to your personal data, they will follow practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this User Privacy Notice.
5.7 Automated decision-making
We use technologies that are considered automated decision making or profiling. We will not make any automated decisions about you that would significantly affect you unless such a decision is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract with you, we have obtained your consent, or we are required by applicable law to use such technology. You will find information on your right to object to this processing of your data below under '8. Rights as a data subject'.
6. International data transfers
Some recipients of your personal data are located outside your country or have offices in countries where data protection laws may provide a different level of protection than the laws in your country. When transferring personal data to such recipients, we provide appropriate safeguards.
6.1 Data transfers to eCG company group members
mobile.de is part of the
Adevinta group of companies
. As a rule, your personal data is processed exclusively within the European Economic Area (EEA). If, by way of exception, personal data is transferred to companies of the
Adevinta group of companies
outside of the EEA and there is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission, this transfer is subject to appropriate safeguards (e.g. standard data protection clauses issued or approved by the EU Commission as well as appropriate supplementary measures, where necessary).
6.2 Other data transfers (from the European Economic Area to third countries)
We will only transfer your personal data from the European Economic Area (EEA) to third countries, i.e. countries outside the EEA, on the basis of appropriate safeguards. Third countries providing an adequate level of data protection according to the European Commission currently include Andorra, Argentina, Canada (for companies covered by the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act), Switzerland, the Faroe Islands, Guernsey, the State of Israel, the Isle of Man, Japan, Jersey, New Zealand, Uruguay, the United Kingdom and South-Korea. In other cases, mobile.de provides the necessary safeguards, e.g. through the conclusion of data protection contracts adopted by the European Commission (e.g. standard data protection clauses) with the recipients, or through other measures provided for by law. A copy of the documentation of the measures taken by us is available on request.
7. Storage duration and erasure
Your personal data will be stored by us and our service providers in accordance with applicable data protection laws to the extent necessary for the processing purposes set out in this User Privacy Notice (see '5. Purposes and legal basis for data processing and categories of recipients' for more information on the processing purposes). Subsequently, we will delete your personal data in accordance with our data retention and deletion policy or take steps to properly render the data anonymous, unless we are legally obliged to keep your personal data longer (e.g. for legal compliance, tax, accounting or auditing purposes). In Europe, the retention periods are generally between 6 and 10 years (e.g. for contracts, notifications and business letters). As far as legally permissible or required, we restrict the processing of your data instead of deleting it (e.g. by restricting access to it). This applies in particular to cases where we may still need the data for the execution of the contract or for the assertion of or defense against legal claims, or where such retention is otherwise required or permitted by law. In these cases, the duration of the restriction of processing depends on the respective statutory limitation or retention periods. The data will be deleted after the relevant limitation or retention periods have expired.
The specific retention periods for personal data are documented in our regional data retention guidelines. How long we retain personal data may vary depending on the Services we provide and our legal obligations under applicable national law. The following factors typically affect the retention period:
Necessity for the provision of our Services
This includes such things as executing the contract with you, maintaining and improving the performance of our products, keeping our systems secure, and maintaining appropriate business and financial records. Most of our retention periods are determined on the basis of this general rule.
Special categories of personal data
If we store special categories of personal data (i.e. personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic or biometric data which is being processed for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation), a shorter retention period is usually appropriate.
Consent-based processing of personal data
If we process personal data on the basis of consent (including consent to the extended storage), we store the data for as long as necessary in order to process it according to your consent.
Statutory, contractual or other similar obligations
Corresponding storage obligations may arise, for example, from laws or official orders. It may also be necessary to store personal data with regard to pending or future legal disputes. Personal data contained in contracts, notifications and business letters may be subject to statutory storage obligations depending on national law.
8. Rights as a data subject
Subject to possible restrictions under national law, as a data subject, you have the right to access, rectification, erasure, restriction of processing and data portability with regard to your personal data. In addition, you can withdraw your consent and object to our processing of your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests. You can also lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Our competent Data Protection Supervisory Authority is:
Berliner Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit
Alt-Moabit 59-61
10555 Berlin
Germany
https://www.datenschutz-berlin.de
Your rights in detail:
You can withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data by us at any time. As a result, we may no longer process your personal data based on this consent in the future. The withdrawal of consent has no effect on the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
You have the right to obtain access to your personal data that is being processed by us. In particular, you may request information on the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned, the categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, the existence of the right to request rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing of personal data or to object to such processing, the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, any available information as to the personal data’s source (where they are not collected from you), the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling and, where appropriate, meaningful information on its details. Your right to access may be limited by national law.
You have the right to obtain from us without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, you have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
You have the right to obtain from us the erasure of personal data concerning you, unless processing is necessary for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information, for compliance with a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. The right to erasure may be limited by national law.
You have the right to obtain from us restriction of processing to the extent that the accuracy of the data is disputed by you, the processing is unlawful, but you oppose the erasure of the personal data, we no longer need the data, but you need it to assert, exercise or defend legal claims or you have objected to the processing.
You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller ("
right to data portability
").
If your personal data is processed on the basis of our legitimate interests, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation. This also applies to profiling. If your personal data is processed by us for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.
The exercise of the above data subjects’ rights (e.g. right to access or erasure) is generally free of charge. Where requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive, in particular because of their repetitive character, we may charge an appropriate fee (at most our actual costs) in accordance with the applicable statutory regulations or refuse to process the application.
Exercising your rights and managing your settings
You can exercise your rights as a data subject
via our contact form
. In addition, you are of course free to contact us.
If you would like to change your preferences regarding mobile.de marketing communications, you can do so at any time in your mobile.de account. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can also unsubscribe by clicking on the link in the email you received. For technical reasons, the implementation may take a few days. For information on how to manage your cookie and similar technology preferences, see the next section '9. Cookies & similar technologies'.
9. Cookies & similar technologies
When you use our Services, we and selected third parties may use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better, faster and safer user experience or to show you personalized advertising. Cookies are small text files that are automatically created by your browser and stored on your device when you use the Services. You can find detailed information about our use of cookies and similar technologies and your choices in our
User Cookie Notice
.
Our cookies and similar technologies have different functions:
They may be technically necessary for the provision of our Services
They help us optimize our Services technically (e.g. monitoring of error messages and loading times)
They help us improve your user experience (e.g. save font size and form data entered)
They allow us to show you more relevant advertisements.
We use cookies and similar technologies that remain on your device only as long as your browser is active (session cookies), as well as cookies and similar technologies that remain on your device longer (persistent cookies). Where possible, we take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access to our cookies and similar technologies. A unique ID ensures that only we and/or selected third parties have access to cookie data.
Your choices regarding cookies
You are free to disable the use of cookies and similar technologies if this is supported by your device. You can manage your cookie settings in your browser or device settings. In addition, you can decide whether we may use cookies and similar technologies to show you personalized advertisements and analyse your usage behaviour:
Users can use the
Privacy Settings
to determine to what extent they consent to the processing of their personal data for analytics and advertising purposes via cookies (and similar technologies).
You can find information about third-party cookies (and similar technologies) related to advertising and how to prevent their use on the following websites:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
(only available in English)
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
(only available in English)
If you decide not to have your personal data processed by us for advertising purposes via cookies (and similar technologies), this does not mean that we will not show you advertisements. It simply means that these advertisements will not be personalized for you using first-party or third-party cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies; but personal data may still be collected, as described in this User Privacy Notice.
10. Data security
We protect your personal data through technical and organizational security measures to minimize risks associated with data loss, misuse, unauthorized access and unauthorized disclosure and alteration. To this end we use firewalls and data encryption, for example, as well as physical access restrictions for our data centers and authorization controls for data access.
11. Other important information regarding data protection
This section contains important additional information about the protection of personal data in connection with the use of our Services, including whether you are required to provide personal data.
What happens when you share your personal data on our sites or applications?
Other users have access to the information you share on mobile.de or disclose to other users. For example, other users can see your ads, ratings and associated comments.
Your responsibilities over personal data of other users that you receive through mobile.de
When you communicate with another user and receive personal data (such as name, email address or other contact information) from the other user, you are, independent from us, the controller of such data and responsible for any processing that you perform after we have shared this data with you.
Unless you act for purely personal purposes, we recommend that you explain your data processing activities in your own privacy notice and protect the privacy of other users. As a seller, you must in any case comply with the applicable data protection laws and in particular protect the rights of other users as data subjects, e.g. give them the opportunity to access the personal data collected by you and demand that it be erased.
You may only use the personal data that you have access to for mobile.de transaction-related purposes, and for purposes expressly consented by the user to whom the data relates. Using personal data of other users that you have access to for any other purpose, such as adding them to a mailing list without their express consent, constitutes a violation of our
General Terms and Conditions
.
Personal data relating to third parties
If you provide us with personal data relating to another person, you must obtain the consent of this person or the disclosure of the data to us must be otherwise legally permissible. You must inform the other person of how we process personal data in accordance with our User Privacy Notice.
Filtering of messages sent via our messaging tools
All messages sent via our messaging tools are first received by us and then forwarded to the recipient. All messages are automatically filtered according to certain criteria. If necessary, conspicuous messages are checked manually by our customer service. In the event of a violation of our
General Terms and Conditions
, we reserve the right to block the transmission of the message and to block your mobile.de account. In cases of suspicion, for example following a justified customer complaint, our customer service team can also inspect messages that have already been sent.
This is to protect our legitimate interests such as protecting against fraudulent or suspicious activities (e.g. spam, viruses, phishing, or other illegal activities) or enforcing our
General Terms and Conditions
and our other
rules and policies
(e.g. illegal and other prohibited content).
Are you obliged to provide your personal data to us?
Some of the personal data that you provide to us (e.g. data by which we can identify you) are required to enter into the contract with you. Although the provision of any other personal data is voluntary, it may be necessary for the use of our Services, such as item details and contact information when posting an ad.
Children's Privacy
Our services are not intended for the use by children. We do not knowingly collect personal data from users who are considered children under applicable national laws. Under our
General Terms and Conditions
, children are not permitted to use our Services.
Staying Signed in
When you sign in to your account on our Services, you stay signed in for certain amount of time, until you log out. If you use our app, you stay signed in. If you are using a public or shared computer, we encourage you to log out at the end of your session. You or any other user of the computer/browser you signed in on will be able to view and access most parts of your account and take certain specific actions during this signed in period without any further authorization. The specific actions and account activities that you or any other user of this computer/browser may take include:
Post an ad or contact another user
View your activities
View your mobile.de profile page
Search your saved cars and searches
View profile page
Conduct after-sale activities, like leaving ratings or submitting claims
If you attempt to change your password or your user name, update any other account information or attempt other account activity beyond those listed above, you may be required to enter your password.
You can typically end your signed in session by either signing out and/or clearing your cookies. If you have certain browser privacy settings enabled, simply closing your browser may also end your signed in session. If you are using a public or shared computer, you should sign out and/or clear your cookies when you are done using our Services to protect your mobile.de account and your personal data.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://twitter.com/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 3
https://mangopay.com/privacy-statement:
Please select your region
EEA
Continue
Products
Wallet infrastructure
Alternative banking suite
Pay-in and Payout
Payments and payout suite
Risk management
Security & risk management suite
Wallet
Multi-currency wallet infrastructure for fully automated global money movements.
FX
Flexible FX infrastructure for global money movements and multi-currency payments.
Multi-currency accounts
Embedded balance accounts for payment operations and in-app wallet experiences
Use cases
Use cases
Unique use cases for growing beyond payments.
Product marketplaces
For platforms facilitating buyers and sellers of physical products.
On Demand
For platforms who need flexible payment flows to support instant experiences.
Financial Platforms
For financial platforms looking to expand their offering with white-label solutions.
Travel and Hospitality
For platforms facilitating travel, lodging, and tourism services.
Pricing
Documentation
More
About
Working at Mangopay
Support
Press and media
Blog
Contact sales
More
More
James McMath
·
Press
·
Oct 24, 2024
Mangopay wins Fraud & ID Verification accolade at Global FinTech Awards
Anna Birdsall-Strong
·
Press
·
Oct 24, 2024
Mirakl and Mangopay announce strategic partnership to accelerate...
Company
Company
About
Press and media
Blog
Support
Need help?
Contact
Ready to take action?
Contact sales
Log in
Products
Wallet
Payments
Payout
Identity
Fraud
FX
Multi-currency accounts
Virtual IBANs
Use cases
Product marketplaces
On Demand
Financial Platforms
Travel and Hospitality
Pricing
Documentation
More
About
Working at Mangopay
Support
Press and media
Blog
Privacy
Statement
Last updated
27/09/2024
Our privacy statement has been translated into multiple languages. You can find the languages available below. In case of a discrepancy, the English version prevails.
German
Spanish
French
⁠
1. Introduction
This privacy statement ("
Privacy Statement
") is designed to inform you about how Mangopay processes your Personal Data and to outline your rights as a data subject under applicable data protection laws, including Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of April 27, 2016, also known as the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR").
"
Personal Data
" refers to any information related to an identified or identifiable individual. An individual is considered identifiable if they can be directly or indirectly recognized through identifiers such as a name, identification number, location data, or one or more specific factors related to their physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural, or social identity.
This Privacy Statement is issued on behalf of both Mangopay S.A. and Mangopay UK Limited. Mangopay S.A. and Mangopay UK Limited act as separate data controllers and are each responsible for their own processing activities carried out for the provisions of their services. Consequently, any references to "
Mangopay
," "
we
," or "
our
" pertain to the specific entity responsible for processing your Personal Data, as detailed in the "
Country specific information
" section. The information provided below applies to the processing activities of both Mangopay S.A. and Mangopay UK Limited and is further supplemented by the details outlined in the "
Country specific information
" section.
2. Does this Privacy Statement apply to you?
This Privacy Statement applies to you if you engage with Mangopay’s payment and electronic money services through online platforms (websites or mobile applications) (“
Platforms
”) operated by our partners (“
Partners
”). These Partners manage Platforms for various purposes, such as online sales, marketplaces, or participative funding (e.g., donation or crowdfunding). They have integrated Mangopay's payment solution to process transactions on their Platforms. Mangopay and the Partners operate as separate data controllers regarding the processing of Personal Data taking place to provide Mangopay’s payment and electronic money services.
When you register on these Platforms, you may be required to also register for Mangopay’s services, enabling you to transfer funds or receive payments related to transactions conducted on the Platforms. To deliver these payment or e-money services, Mangopay needs to process your Personal Data.
In this Privacy Statement, "
you
" refers to:
Natural persons
who register for Mangopay’s services or enter into a service agreement with Mangopay. This includes:
(i) Partners who are natural persons (e.g., sole traders who contract with Mangopay).
(ii) Individuals registered on the Partners’ Platforms, for whom we create Mangopay accounts to enable the receipt of funds (e.g., Platforms’ users).
Natural persons
acting as legal representatives, shareholders, beneficial owners, or contact persons employed by a Partner that is a legal entity. These individuals provide Personal Data (such as names, surnames, etc.) to facilitate the conclusion of service agreements and manage the relationship between Mangopay and the Partner.
Natural persons
who make payments on a Partner’s Platform without creating a Mangopay account or registering for our services.
Natural persons
who act as employees and representatives of platform operators being prospected by Mangopay (“
Business contacts
”).
3. What Personal Data is processed by Mangopay? How is it collected?
Depending on how you interact with Mangopay and which of our services you use, one of the following instances of Personal Data processing will apply to you.
For other instances of Personal Data processing, please refer to one of the sections below:
INFORMATION FOR PERSONS WHO REGISTERED FOR MANGOPAY’S SERVICES VIA A PARTNER’S PLATFORM
.
INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS  MAKING PAYMENTS ON PARTNER'S PLATFORM WITHOUT REGISTERING FOR MANGOPAY'S SERVICES.
INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS ACTING AS PARTNER’S LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES, BUSINESS CONTACTS OR BENEFICIAL OWNERS
.
INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS ACTING AS MANGOPAY'S BUSINESS CONTACTS.
INFORMATION FOR PARTNERS WHO ARE SOLE TRADERS (NATURAL PERSONS).
⁠3.1. INFORMATION FOR PERSONS WHO REGISTERED FOR MANGOPAY’S SERVICES VIA A PARTNER’S PLATFORM.
3.1.1. REGISTRATION DATA
Categories of data:
When you register for Mangopay’s services through a Partner’s Platform - such as when you subscribe to a Partner’s Platform to accept payment for the goods or services you offer - you will need to provide certain Personal Data. This Personal Data typically includes identification details such as your first and last name, date of birth, nationality, country of residence and email address. In some cases, you may also be asked to provide a copy of an official identity document or any additional documentation necessary to fulfill our legal obligations relating to Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Financing of Terrorism (“AML/CFT”). As part of our KYC due diligence, we may perform a liveness check which requires you to provide a real-time selfie of yourself. To comply with strong customer authentication (“SCA”) obligations, Mangopay will collect your email address, phone number as well as some technical information about the session used for your registration (i.e., information related to your device, browser and network). Furthermore, if you are a U.S. taxpayer or have registered a U.S. bank account, you will be required to provide your Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) to ensure compliance with U.S. tax laws and regulations.
Purpose of processing:
Your personal data is processed to open your Mangopay account, facilitate the provision of our services and ensure compliance with our obligations as a regulated entity under AML/CFT laws and the Revised Payment Services Directive (PSD2). Additionally, we process your Personal Data to enhance security and prevent fraud.
Legal basis
: We process your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Contractual necessity
The processing of your Personal Data is essential for fulfilling our contractual obligations to you. This includes actions required to initiate and provide Mangopay services, such as verifying your identity during registration and other necessary pre-contractual steps.
Legal obligation
As a regulated entity, Mangopay is legally required to process certain categories of Personal Data, including copies of your identification documents, to comply with Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Counter-Terrorism Financing (CFT) obligations. These legal requirements are integral to Mangopay’s responsibilities as a licensed institution.
Legitimate interest
⁠
Mangopay also processes your Personal Data based on our legitimate interest in preventing fraud and ensuring the security of our services. This is critical to maintaining the integrity and safety of our operations as we deliver services to you
Your Personal Data is collected directly through Mangopay’s API on the Partner’s Platform, which serves as the technical infrastructure for processing payments. Providing your Personal Data is mandatory for registering for our services. The specific categories of Personal Data required is clearly indicated on the registration forms available on the Partner’s Platform. If you choose not to provide the necessary Personal Data, it may result in the refusal or suspension of Mangopay’s services.
⁠3.1.2. PERSONAL DATA PROCESSED IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROVISION OF SERVICES
Categories of data:
During your contractual relationship with Mangopay, we process Personal Data generated through your use of our services. This includes, but is not limited to:
Transactional data (e.g., amounts transferred, transaction descriptions, recipients);
Bank account information (e.g., details related to payments made to your external bank account through Mangopay).
Purpose of Processing:
Your Personal Data is processed to deliver high-quality services, tailor offerings to your specific needs, and ensure security, including fraud prevention. Additionally, your data may be processed for statistical purposes to help improve and enhance the quality of Mangopay’s services.
Legal basis
: We process your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Contractual necessity
The processing of your Personal Data is essential for fulfilling our contractual obligations to you. This includes providing Mangopay services, particularly executing payments on your behalf.
Legal obligation
As a regulated entity, Mangopay is legally required to process your Personal Data for a specified period to comply with AML/CFT obligations, as well as other applicable payment services regulations (e.g., PSD2).
Legitimate interest
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to:
Prevent fraud and ensure the security of the services;
Enhance the quality of the services through statistical analysis of your Personal Data;
Defend itself against legal claims and processing Personal Data in relation to any legal disputes, if applicable.
Your Personal Data is collected through your use of Mangopay’s services.
⁠
3.1.3. CUSTOMER SUPPORT DATA
Categories of data:
When you contact Mangopay’s support team for assistance, your Personal Data is processed to address your request. Typically, this includes identification data such as your first name, last name, email address, internal technical identifiers (e.g. user ID) and phone number. Depending on the nature of your inquiry and the actions required by our support team, it may also encompass Personal Data relating to your use of our services. Additionally, we process the content of your messages and other communications sent to our support teams. Mangopay’s support team may record telephone conversations for training and quality control purposes. If you do not wish to be recorded, you may object to the recording by informing the agent you are speaking on the phone with.
Purpose of processing:
Your Personal Data is processed to effectively respond to your support requests and other inquiries related to the provision of Mangopay’s services. This processing ensures that you can use our services without interruption and that the service quality remains consistently high.
Legal basis:
We process your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Contractual necessity
The processing of your Personal Data is essential for fulfilling our contractual obligations to you, particularly in ensuring that you receive high-quality services.
Legitimate interest
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to:
Address your customer support requests and other inquiries
Improve the quality of Mangopay’s services and enhance your customer service experience
Defend against legal claims and manage any related legal disputes, if applicable
Your Personal Data is collected directly from you when you contact us for support or other queries, or through our Partners. Providing this data is mandatory to allow us to respond to your requests and communicate with you effectively. Failure to provide the necessary Personal Data may prevent Mangopay from addressing your queries and assisting with troubleshooting.
⁠
3.2.
INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS MAKING PAYMENTS ON A PARTNER'S PLATFORM WITHOUT REGISTERING FOR MANGOPAY'S SERVICES
⁠Categories of data
: When you make a payment using a card or other payment method on a Partner’s Platform, you are required to provide certain Personal Data, such as your first and last name, card number, Card Validation Value (“CVV”) and expiration date. The specific categories of Personal Data processed may vary depending on the payment method available on the Platform.
Additionally, we collect transactional data as part of executing the payment order. We also gather certain technical data related to your device, electronic identifiers, IP address, and information about your interactions with the Partner’s Platform for security and fraud prevention purposes.
Purpose of processing
: Your Personal Data is processed for the purpose of executing your payment and preventing fraudulent transactions.
Legal basis
: We process your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Legal obligation
As a regulated entity, Mangopay is required to process your Personal Data for a specified period to comply with AML/CFT obligations.
Legitimate interest
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to:
Execute your payment
Resolve any issues that may arise with your payment
Enhance the quality of Mangopay’s services
Prevent fraud and ensure the security of our services
Defend itself against legal claims and managing related legal disputes, if applicable
Your Personal Data is collected directly from you. Providing this data is necessary, if you fail to provide the required information, we will be unable to process your payment.
3.3. INFORMATION FOR PERSONS ACTING AS PARTNER’S LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES, BUSINESS CONTACTS OR BENEFICIAL OWNERS
3.3.1. PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED FOR CONCLUSION OF CONTRACT WITH MANGOPAY
Categories of Data
: To facilitate the execution of contracts with Mangopay, our Partners, acting as legal entities, must provide specific categories of Personal Data pertaining to their legal representatives and beneficial owners. This data typically includes, but is not limited to, names, surnames, tax identification details, addresses, countries of residence, copies of identification documents, and contact information. The exact list of required documents and Personal Data may vary depending on individual circumstances.
Purpose of Processing:
Your Personal Data is processed to facilitate the conclusion of a contract for Mangopay’s services with the Partner. This process necessitates the verification of the identities of the Partner's legal representatives and ultimate beneficial owners.
Legal Basis:
We process your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Legal obligation
As a regulated entity, Mangopay is legally required to process your Personal Data in order to verify your identity, in compliance with our Know-Your-Business (KYB) due diligence obligations.
Legitimate interest
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to:
Enable the conclusion of the contract,
Prevent fraud,
Defend itself against legal claims and manage any related legal disputes, if applicable.
The provision of Personal Data is mandatory to enable the delivery of our services. Failure to provide the required Personal Data may prevent us from concluding a contract with you and, consequently, from providing Mangopay’s services to the Partner.
⁠3.3.2. PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED THROUGH MANGOPAY'S TECHNICAL INTERFACES
Categories of Data:
To oversee payment operations conducted through their platforms, Mangopay’s Partners are granted access to our HUB and Dashboard interfaces. These tools provide Partners with supervision and control over payment flows on their platforms. To grant you access to our HUB and Dashboard, it is necessary to process your Personal Data. This data is limited to identification details, such as your first and last name, email address, and may also include information about your job position. Additionally, Personal Data may be generated based on your use of Mangopay’s interfaces (e.g., logs, pages viewed, etc.).
Purpose of Processing:
Your Personal Data is processed to ensure only authorized individuals have access to the HUB and Dashboard. It is also processed to enhance the user experience for Dashboard and HUB users by displaying contextual information, and to ensure the security of these interfaces.
Legal basis:
We process your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Legitimate interest
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to:
Ensure the delivery of high-quality services to the Partner and monitor transactions on the Platform;
Prevent fraud and safeguard the security of our interfaces and services;
Defend itself against legal claims and any related legal disputes, if applicable.
Provision of Personal Data is mandatory in order to access our HUB and Dashboard. Refusal to provide the required Personal Data will prevent access to the interfaces.
⁠3.3.3. CUSTOMER SUPPORT DATA
Categories of data:
When you contact Mangopay’s support, the Partner’s Customer Success Manager (“CSM”) or any other team for assistance, your Personal Data is processed to address your request. The Personal Data processed includes identification details such as your first and last name, email address and phone number. Depending on the nature of your inquiry and the required actions by Mangopay’s teams, additional Personal Data may be processed. Additionally, we process the content of your messages and other communications sent to our teams. Mangopay’s support team may record telephone conversations for training and quality control purposes. If you do not wish to be recorded, you may object to the recording by informing the agent you are speaking on the phone with. If you provide your consent, the Partner’s CSM also has the possibility of recording your meetings (i.e., voice and/or image).
When addressing your request, you may be interacting with an Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) technology which may provide you with an output to help answer your request. The reliance on an AI will be clearly indicated in the chatbot and you will always have the possibility of choosing to interact with one of Mangopay agents instead.
Purpose of processing:
Your Personal Data is processed to effectively respond to the Partner’s support requests and other inquiries related to the provision of Mangopay’s services. This processing ensures that you can use our services without interruption and that the service quality remains consistently high.
Legal basis:
We process your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Legitimate interest
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to:
Address your customer support requests and other inquiries
Improve the quality of Mangopay’s services and enhance your customer service experience
Defend itself against legal claims and manage any related legal disputes, if applicable
Consent
We rely on your consent for the recording of your meetings with the Partner’s CSM.
Your Personal Data is collected directly from you, when you contact us with customer support and other queries. Except for the recording of your meeting with your CSM which requires your consent, providing your Personal Data is mandatory in order to enable responding to your queries and contacting you. Refusal to provide the required Personal Data may result in Mangopay’s inability to respond to your queries and help with troubleshooting.
⁠3.3.4. MARKETING DATA
Categories of data:
We may reach out to business contacts acting on behalf of the Partner, in order to inform them about the new services we offer and about improvements in our services. For that purpose we can process, among others, your contact details, such as your first and last name, job position, email address and/or phone number. If you provide your consent, the Partner’s CSM also has the possibility of recording your meetings (i.e., voice and/or image).
Purpose of the processing:
Provide you with information about our services.
Legal basis:
Mangopay processes your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Legitimate interest
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to:
Upsell its services, if relevant to the Partner’s scope of business;
enhance the quality of its services and of the customer service experience.
Consent
⁠
We rely on your consent for the recording of your meetings with the Partner’s CSM.
Your Personal Data is collected directly from you, on a voluntary basis. In case you refuse to provide the required Personal Data, we will not contact you for marketing purposes.
3.4. INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS ACTING AS MANGOPAY'S BUSINESS CONTACTS.
We conduct multiple marketing activities concurrently and jointly manage our website to effectively address your inquiries and provide information about our services. Due to this centralized approach, Mangopay SA and Mangopay UK Limited act as joint controllers regarding the processing of your personal data for marketing purposes. Consequently, the responsibilities of both companies for complying with data protection obligations have been mutually established as follows:
Mangopay SA is responsible for:
A. collecting consent for processing of personal data for future marketing and for communication with business contacts on behalf of both joint controllers;
B. fulfilling information obligation on behalf of both joint controllers;
C. ensuring the legality of any data transfer outside the EEA, should the joint controllers decide to entrust the processing to an entity based in a third country;
D. concluding data processing agreements when the personal data is entrusted to processors for hosting purposes;
E. acting as a common point of contact for you.
All the other obligations remain with each individual company as a data controller.
⁠3.4.1. DIRECT MARKETING DATA
Categories of data:
In order to carry out direct marketing campaigns, we collect your Personal Data, such as your first and last name, the company you work for, your corporate email address and/or phone number, your job position, any information visible on your LinkedIn profile and CV. Your Personal Data is either obtained via databases provided by our service providers for this effect or following your participation at an event for which Mangopay participates, either as a sponsor or as a visitor.
Purpose of processing:
Your Personal Data is processed in order for our Sales agent to contact you by email and present you with our services.
Legal basis:
Mangopay processes your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Legitimate interest
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in conducting direct marketing activities of its own services.
⁠3.4.2. RESPONDING TO YOUR CONTACT REQUEST
Categories of data:
In case you contact Mangopay directly through the dedicated form on our website or by reaching out to one of our Sales agent through another means of communication, we will process your Personal Data, such as your first name and last ,ame, the company you work for, your corporate email address and/or phone number, as well as any personal data you might include in the form or message.
Purpose of the processing:
We process your Personal Data in order to respond to your query. Provided you consent to the recording, meetings with our Sales agents may be recorded for training and operational efficiency purposes.
Legal basis:
We process your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Legitimate interest
We
rely on our legitimate interest in direct marketing of our own services by responding to your contact request.
Consent
The recording of meetings between you and our Sales agents is based on your consent.
Provision of your Personal Data is voluntary, but if you don’t provide us with your basic contact details (name, surname and either phone number or email address), we will not be able to respond to your query.
⁠3.4.3. CONTACT THROUGH A MARKETPLACE SOLUTION PROVIDER
Our services may be promoted by marketplace software solutions providers with whom Mangopay has partnered. If you are in contact with one of these marketplace software solutions, the latter may communicate your Personal Data to Mangopay, whether you have expressed interest in our services or not.
Categories of data:
The following categories of personal data may be shared between Mangopay and the marketplace solution provider: your first name and last name, the company you work for, your corporate email address and/or phone number, your job position.
Purpose of the processing:
We process your personal data in order to contact you to evaluate whether our services are suitable to your needs in light of the integration you are pursuing with the marketplace software solution provider with whom Mangopay has partnered.
Legal basis:
We process your personal data based on our legitimate interest to promote our services which may be tailored for your integration with a marketplace solution provider Mangopay has partnered with.
⁠3.5. INFORMATION FOR PARTNERS WHO ARE SOLE TRADERS (NATURAL PERSONS).
⁠3.5.1. PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED FOR CONCLUSION OF CONTRACT WITH MANGOPAY
Categories of data:
To conclude a contract with Mangopay, our Partners who are natural persons must provide certain identification data. This includes, but is not limited to, first and last name, tax identification information, residence information, copies of identification documents and contact details. The categories of Personal Data requested may vary depending on circumstances.
Purpose of processing:
Your Personal Data is processed for the purpose of concluding the contract for provision of Mangopay’s services with you which requires the verification of your identity.
Legal basis:
We process your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Legal obligation
As a regulated entity, Mangopay is legally required to process your Personal Data in order to verify your identity, in compliance with Know-Your-Customer (KYC) due diligence obligations.
Contractual necessity
⁠
The processing is necessary for us to start the provision of Mangopay’s services to you, as well as registering for Mangopay’s services which requires verification of your identity etc.
Legitimate interest
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to:
Enable the conclusion of the contract;
Prevent fraud;
Defend itself against legal claims and manage any related legal disputes, if applicable.
The provision of Personal Data is mandatory to enable the delivery of our services. Failure to provide the required Personal Data may prevent us from concluding a contract with you and, consequently, from providing Mangopay’s services to the Partner.
3.5.2. PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED THROUGH MANGOPAY'S TECHNICAL INTERFACES
Categories of Data:
To oversee payment operations conducted through their platforms, Mangopay’s Partners are granted access to our HUB and Dashboard interfaces. These tools provide Partners with supervision and control over payment flows on their platforms. To grant you access to our HUB and Dashboard, it is necessary to process your Personal Data. This data is limited to identification details, such as your first and last name, email address, and may also include information about your job position. Additionally, Personal Data may be generated based on your use of Mangopay’s interfaces (e.g., logs, pages viewed, etc.).
Purpose of Processing:
Your Personal Data is processed to ensure only authorized individuals have access to the HUB and Dashboard. It is also processed to enhance the user experience for Dashboard and HUB users by displaying contextual information, and to ensure the security of these interfaces.
Legal basis:
We process your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Legitimate interest
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to:
Ensure the delivery of high-quality services to the Partner and monitor transactions on the Platform.
Prevent fraud and safeguard the security of our interfaces and services.
Defend itself against legal claims and any related legal disputes, if applicable.
Provision of Personal Data is mandatory in order to access our HUB and Dashboard. Refusal to provide the required Personal Data will prevent access to the interfaces.
⁠3.5.3. CUSTOMER SUPPORT DATA
Categories of data:
When you contact Mangopay’s support or any other team for assistance, your Personal Data is processed to address your request. The Personal Data processed includes identification details such as your first and last name, email address and phone number. Depending on the nature of your inquiry and the required actions by Mangopay’s teams, additional Personal Data may be processed. Additionally, we process the content of your messages and other communications sent to our teams. Mangopay’s support team may record telephone conversations for training and quality control purposes. If you do not wish to be recorded, you may object to the recording by informing the agent you are speaking on the phone with.
When addressing your request, you may be interacting with an Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) technology which may provide you with an output to help answer your request. The reliance on an AI will be clearly indicated in the chatbot and you will always have the possibility of choosing to interact with one of Mangopay agents instead.
Purpose of processing:
Your Personal Data is processed to effectively respond to the Partner’s support requests and other inquiries related to the provision of Mangopay’s services. This processing ensures that you can use our services without interruption and that the service quality remains consistently high.
Legal basis:
We process your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Legitimate interest
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to:
Address your customer support requests and other inquiries
Improve the quality of Mangopay’s services and enhance your customer service experience
Defend itself against legal claims and manage any related legal disputes, if applicable
Consent
We rely on your consent for the recording of your meetings with the Partner’s CSM.
Your Personal Data is collected directly from you, when you contact us with customer support and other queries. Except for the recording of your meeting with your CSM which requires your consent, providing your Personal Data is mandatory in order to enable responding to your queries and contacting you. Refusal to provide the required Personal Data may result in Mangopay’s inability to respond to your queries and help with troubleshooting.
3.5.4. MARKETING DATA
Categories of data:
We may reach out to business contacts acting on behalf of the Partner, in order to inform them about the new services we offer and about improvements in our services. For that purpose we can process, among others, your contact details, such as your first and last name, job position, email address and/or phone number. If you provide your consent, the Partner’s CSM also has the possibility of recording your meetings (i.e., voice and/or image).
Purpose of the processing:
Provide you with information about our services.
Legal basis:
Mangopay processes your Personal Data on the following grounds:
Legitimate interest
⁠
Mangopay has a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to:
Upsell its services, if relevant to the Partner’s scope of business;
enhance the quality of its services and of the customer service experience.
Consent
We rely on your consent for the recording of your meetings with the Partner’s CSM.
Your Personal Data is collected directly from you, on a voluntary basis. In case you refuse to provide the required Personal Data, we will not contact you for marketing purposes.
4. Profiling and automated decision-making
To prevent fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing, Mangopay uses profiling, which means we automatically process your Personal Data to assess certain aspects related to you. This includes technical information about your device, system preferences, and how you interact with our services.
In some cases, this automated processing may lead to decisions made without human involvement, such as temporarily blocking a payment, delaying a payout, or limiting access to your account if we detect suspicious activity.
These decisions are usually temporary and are not intended to have a significant impact on your legal rights or produce serious consequences for you. However, decisions to block a transaction can produce legal effects or similarly significantly affect you, depending on individual circumstances, but are necessary to ensure transaction security, and prevent fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing, in accordance with Mangopay’s legal obligations. It’s a critical part of the services we provide to keep your payments secure.
The legal grounds for profiling are:
The performance and execution of our agreement with you
Mangopay’s legitimate interest in ensuring security and preventing fraud
If you are not satisfied with an automated decision or want more information, you can contact us at the email addresses specified in the “Country Specific Information” section to request a human intervention or to contest the decision.
5. How long is your Personal Data kept?
Mangopay will only keep your Personal Data as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it is processed. The applicable retention periods are generally determined by legal obligations.
AML/CFT compliance:
Personal Data provided for AML/CFT purposes, including identification documents and transaction details, are retained from five (5) to ten (10) years, starting from the end of the contractual relationship with Mangopay.
Disputes and support communications:
Personal Data needed to manage disputes and communications with our support team will be retained for five (5) years.
Phone calls and meetings recordings:
Phone calls recordings made for training and quality control purposes are kept for six (6) months. Recording of meetings with our CSM or Sales agents are kept for one (1) year.
Marketing purposes:
Personal Data used for marketing purposes, based on our legitimate interest, will be processed throughout our relationship with the Partner and fro up to three (3) years after the last contact with the Partner
Log data:
Personal Data stored in logs will be kept for six (6) months
Accounting data:
Personal Data necessary for accounting will be retained for ten (10 ) years from the end of the relevant accounting period.
6. Where is your Personal Data stored?
We store your Personal Data on cloud servers located in Ireland (Dublin) and Germany (Frankfurt).
Sometimes, we may need to transfer your Personal Data to companies outside the EU/EEA that help us provide our services. When we do this, we make sure your Personal Data is protected by using valid safeguards such as the European Commission’s adequacy decisions or Standard Contractual Clauses..
7. Who receives your Personal Data? Is it shared with third parties?
As part of our services, your Personal Data may be shared with:
⁠⁠⁠7.1. Affiliates
We share your Personal Data with Mangopay’s affiliated companies to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement.
⁠7.2 Competent authorities
We may need to disclose your Personal Data to legal authorities, such as courts and financial regulators. Before sharing, our legal team reviews each request to ensure it is legitimate.
⁠7.3 Processors
We work with selected service providers to deliver part of our services. These providers are bound by strict contractual obligations to only process your Personal Data as instructed by Mangopay. For instance, Mangopay uses service providers specialized in AML/CFT and KYC verifications, such as Onfido LTD.
⁠7.4 Payment partners
We collaborate with payment partners to process transactions and protect your funds. These partners act independently and only receive the data necessary to complete the transaction. The legal basis for sharing your Personal Data with these partners is either the performance of our contract with you or our legitimate interest in ensuring proper payment processing.
8. What are your rights regarding your Personal Data?
8.1 Right of access
You have the right to know what Personal Data we hold about you and how it is being processed. We’ll provide this information electronically unless you request a different format, which we’ll try to accommodate.
⁠8.2 Right of rectification
If your Personal Data is incorrect or incomplete, you can ask us to correct or update it.
⁠8.3 Right to erasure (“Right to be forgotten”)
You can ask us to delete your Personal Data if:⁠
It is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected;
It was processed illegally;
You withdraw your consent (if consent was the legal basis for the processing);
You object to the processing based on your specific situation, and there are no overriding interest for Mangopay to continue the processing;
You object to its use for direct marketing;
We are legally required to erase it.
However, your request may be denied if we need to keep your Personal Data to exercise our right to freedom of expression and information, defend legal claims, or comply with legal obligations, such as for AML/CFT purposes.
⁠
⁠8.4 Right to restrict processing
You can ask us to limit how your Personal Data is processed if:
You contest its accuracy;
The processing is unlawful but you prefer restriction over deletion;
We no longer need your Personal Data but you need it to establish or defend legal claims;
You objected to our processing based on our legitimate interest and we are still reviewing your request.
In case restriction is implemented, we’ll inform you before it is lifted.
⁠
8.5 Right to object to processing
You can object to our processing of your Personal Data if it is based on our legitimate interests, unless we can demonstrate compelling reasons to continue the processing. You can also object to the use of your Personal Data for direct marketing at any time.
⁠8.6 Right to data portability
If our processing is based on your consent or a contract, and is done via automated means, you have the right to receive your Personal Data in a machine-readable format and request its transfer to another controller, if technically possible.
8.7 Right to withdraw your consent
If our processing is carried out on the basis of your consent, you have the right to withdraw it at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the legality of prior processing.
⁠8.8 How to exercise your rights?
Please consult the “
Country specific information
” section of this Privacy Statement to learn how to exercise your rights with Mangopay.
9. How is your Personal Data secured?
We use various security measures, including encryption and pseudonymization, to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, loss or alteration.
10. Country specific information
European Union/European Economic Area (EU/EEA)
If you are using the services of one of our EU/EEA-based Partners, the following additional information applies:
Mangopay S.A. is the data controller responsible for processing your Personal Data in connection with its payment or e-money services. Mangopay S.A. is a company registered in Luxembourg, with its registered office at 2 Avenue Amélie, L-1125 Luxembourg.
Personal Data collected and processed under Mangopay S.A.'s AML/CFT obligations will be retained for ten (10) years, starting from the end of your contractual relationship with Mangopay S.A.
To exercise your data rights, you can contact either Mangopay's Partner or Mangopay S.A. directly at:
dpo.mangopay@mangopay.com
.
If you believe your rights have been violated in relation to the processing of your Personal Data, you have the right to file a complaint with the Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données (CNPD) at any time. You can submit a complaint form
here
.
United Kingdom (UK)
If you are using the services of one of our UK-based Partners, the following additional information applies:
Mangopay UK Limited is the data controller responsible for processing your Personal Data in connection with its payment or e-money services. Mangopay UK Limited is registered in the UK, with its registered office at The Smiths Building, 179 Great Portland St, London W1W 5PL, UK. It is also registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) under registration number ZB710243.
Personal Data collected and processed under Mangopay UK Limited’s AML/CFT obligations will be retained for five (5) years, starting from the end of your contractual relationship with Mangopay UK Limited.
To exercise your data rights, you can contact either Mangopay's Partner or Mangopay UK Limited directly at:
uk.dpo.mangopay@mangopay.com
.
If you believe your rights have been violated in relation to the processing of your Personal Data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). You can submit a complaint form
here
.
11. Changes to this Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement may be updated to reflect changes in our practices, business model or legal requirements. The latest version will always be available on our website, with the date of the last update clearly indicated.
Sub-policy 4
https://www.mobile.de/consent/?lang=en:
TCF vendors
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
Most purposes explained in this notice rely on the storage or accessing of information from your device when you use an app or visit a website. For example, a vendor or publisher might need to store a cookie on your device during your first visit on a website, to be able to recognise your device during your next visits (by accessing this cookie each time).
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
A car manufacturer wants to promote its electric vehicles to environmentally conscious users living in the city after office hours. The advertising is presented on a page with related content (such as an article on climate change actions) after 6:30 p.m. to users whose non-precise location suggests that they are in an urban zone.
A large producer of watercolour paints wants to carry out an online advertising campaign for its latest watercolour range, diversifying its audience to reach as many amateur and professional artists as possible and avoiding showing the ad next to mismatched content (for instance, articles about how to paint your house). The number of times that the ad has been presented to you is detected and limited, to avoid presenting it too often.
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
If you read several articles about the best bike accessories to buy, this information could be used to create a profile about your interest in bike accessories. Such a profile may be used or improved later on, on the same or a different website or app to present you with advertising for a particular bike accessory brand. If you also look at a configurator for a vehicle on a luxury car manufacturer website, this information could be combined with your interest in bikes to refine your profile and make an assumption that you are interested in luxury cycling gear.
An apparel company wishes to promote its new line of high-end baby clothes. It gets in touch with an agency that has a network of clients with high income customers (such as high-end supermarkets) and asks the agency to create profiles of young parents or couples who can be assumed to be wealthy and to have a new child, so that these can later be used to present advertising within partner apps based on those profiles.
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
An online retailer wants to advertise a limited sale on running shoes. It wants to target advertising to users who previously looked at running shoes on its mobile app. Tracking technologies might be used to recognise that you have previously used the mobile app to consult running shoes, in order to present you with the corresponding advertisement on the app.
A profile created for personalised advertising in relation to a person having searched for bike accessories on a website can be used to present the relevant advertisement for bike accessories on a mobile app of another organisation.
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
You read several articles on how to build a treehouse on a social media platform. This information might be added to a profile to mark your interest in content related to outdoors as well as do-it-yourself guides (with the objective of allowing the personalisation of content, so that for example you are presented with more blog posts and articles on treehouses and wood cabins in the future).
You have viewed three videos on space exploration across different TV apps. An unrelated news platform with which you have had no contact builds a profile based on that viewing behaviour, marking space exploration as a topic of possible interest for other videos.
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
You read articles on vegetarian food on a social media platform and then use the cooking app of an unrelated company. The profile built about you on the social media platform will be used to present you vegetarian recipes on the welcome screen of the cooking app.
You have viewed three videos about rowing across different websites. An unrelated video sharing platform will recommend five other videos on rowing that may be of interest to you when you use your TV app, based on a profile built about you when you visited those different websites to watch online videos.
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
You have clicked on an advertisement about a “black Friday” discount by an online shop on the website of a publisher and purchased a product. Your click will be linked to this purchase. Your interaction and that of other users will be measured to know how many clicks on the ad led to a purchase.
You are one of very few to have clicked on an advertisement about an “international appreciation day” discount by an online gift shop within the app of a publisher. The publisher wants to have reports to understand how often a specific ad placement within the app, and notably the “international appreciation day” ad, has been viewed or clicked by you and other users, in order to help the publisher and its partners (such as agencies) optimise ad placements.
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
You have read a blog post about hiking on a mobile app of a publisher and followed a link to a recommended and related post. Your interactions will be recorded as showing that the initial hiking post was useful to you and that it was successful in interesting you in the related post. This will be measured to know whether to produce more posts on hiking in the future and where to place them on the home screen of the mobile app.
You were presented a video on fashion trends, but you and several other users stopped watching after 30 seconds. This information is then used to evaluate the right length of future videos on fashion trends.
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
The owner of an online bookstore wants commercial reporting showing the proportion of visitors who consulted and left its site without buying, or consulted and bought the last celebrity autobiography of the month, as well as the average age and the male/female distribution of each category. Data relating to your navigation on its site and to your personal characteristics is then used and combined with other such data to produce these statistics.
An advertiser wants to better understand the type of audience interacting with its adverts. It calls upon a research institute to compare the characteristics of users who interacted with the ad with typical attributes of users of similar platforms, across different devices. This comparison reveals to the advertiser that its ad audience is mainly accessing the adverts through mobile devices and is likely in the 45-60 age range.
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
A technology platform working with a social media provider notices a growth in mobile app users, and sees based on their profiles that many of them are connecting through mobile connections. It uses a new technology to deliver ads that are formatted for mobile devices and that are low-bandwidth, to improve their performance.
An advertiser is looking for a way to display ads on a new type of consumer device. It collects information regarding the way users interact with this new kind of device to determine whether it can build a new mechanism for displaying advertising on this type of device.
Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
A travel magazine has published an article on its website about the new online courses proposed by a language school, to improve travelling experiences abroad. The school’s blog posts are inserted directly at the bottom of the page, and selected on the basis of your non-precise location (for instance, blog posts explaining the course curriculum for different languages than the language of the country you are situated in).
A sports news mobile app has started a new section of articles covering the most recent football games. Each article includes videos hosted by a separate streaming platform showcasing the highlights of each match. If you fast-forward a video, this information may be used to select a shorter video to play next.
Special Purposes
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
An advertising intermediary delivers ads from various advertisers to its network of partnering websites. It notices a large increase in clicks on ads relating to one advertiser, and uses data regarding the source of the clicks to determine that 80% of the clicks come from bots rather than humans.
Deliver and present advertising and content
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
Clicking on a link in an article might normally send you to another page or part of the article. To achieve this, 1°) your browser sends a request to a server linked to the website, 2°) the server answers back (“here is the article you asked for”), using technical information automatically included in the request sent by your device, to properly display the information / images that are part of the article you asked for. Technically, such exchange of information is necessary to deliver the content that appears on your screen.
Save and communicate privacy choices
The choices you make regarding the purposes and entities listed in this notice are saved and made available to those entities in the form of digital signals (such as a string of characters). This is necessary in order to enable both this service and those entities to respect such choices.
When you visit a website and are offered a choice between consenting to the use of profiles for personalised advertising or not consenting, the choice you make is saved and made available to advertising providers, so that advertising presented to you respects that choice.
Features
Match and combine data from other data sources
Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
Link different devices
In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.
What information is being used?
Here is a complete list of the information that may be gathered:
Type of browser and its settings
Information about the device and its operating system
Cookie information (e.g. cookie ID)
User segmentation
Information about other identifiers assigned to the device
The IP address from which the device accesses mobile.de's website or mobile application
Information about the user's activity on that device, including activity on mobile.de and web pages and mobile apps visited or used
Information about the approximate (or, if you expressly agree, the exact) geographic location of the device when it accesses a website or mobile application
Other
We use third-party tools (see partners) to recognize and select users when they visit and use our services and to collect usage data for performance monitoring, analytics and retargeting purposes (e.g. number of visitors and web page views or interaction with our services such as use of the contact function in ads, the search function or clicks on advertising banners) and to be able to e.g. display context related popups. In this way, we can ensure the high quality of our services and tailor the content of our services more specifically to your needs and preferences and improve our offer for you. Furthermore, we can track which of our ads on third-party websites and apps you used to reach our Services and how you subsequently interacted with our Services (conversion tracking). If you are logged into your user account, your personal data can be processed for the specified purposes across different end devices.
Our use of the tool Google Analytics includes the feature Google Signals. If you use our services, are logged into your Google account and have consented to personalised advertising via your Google account, your data will be processed by Google to provide us with aggregated data about the demographic characteristics and interests of our users (e.g., gender, age and products in which users are interested). We use this information to better understand our users.
In addition, the feature Google Signals allows us to serve personalised advertising to our users and to measure the success of this advertising (conversion tracking). We will only use Google Analytics for these two purposes, however, if – in addition to activating this slider – you also consent to the above processing purposes under the heading "TCF Partners".
We also use our own user analysis tool in order to recognise our users' preferences when they visit and use our websites, services, applications and tools and to collect statistical data (e.g. with respect to the number of visitors and website accesses or the interaction with our services such as use of the contact function in the ads or clicks on banner ads). This way, we can adjust the content of our websites, services, applications and tools more specifically to your needs and preferences and thus improve our services for you. When you are logged in to your mobile.de user account or we otherwise recognize you as a registered user, the analysis can take place across different end devices.
We use and share information about how you use mobile.de and certain personal information about you like your Cookie ID with Facebook via the standard Facebook Pixel, in order to personalise mobile.de and third-party advertising for you on Facebook’s platforms. You will find more information on Facebook’s processing of personal data at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
.
We transmit the personal data of our users to our partners so that they can compare the data (e.g. email addresses) with their own databases. The data comparison takes place exclusively in encrypted and pseudonymized ("hashed") form. The aim of the comparison is to identify users who are known to both us and the respective partner. This information enables our partners to display personalized advertising on mobile.de, their own inventory (e.g. website) or the inventory of third parties to selected user groups from their databases for us. For example, we can choose whether the partner should specifically target users already known to us or only those people who do not yet use our services. No further information, in particular information about your usage behaviour, is transmitted. Our partners can also identify so-called "lookalikes" in their databases on the basis of the pseudonymous data transmitted by us. These are people who do not yet use our services, but who have similar interests to our users and could therefore be interested in our services.
Partners:
Google Ireland
Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street Dublin 4. Ireland; Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de
Criteo GmbH
, Gewürzmühlstraße 11; 80538 München; Privacy Policy:
https://www.criteo.com/de/privacy/
RTB Marketing & Tech Services Limited
, Kyriakou Matsi 18, 2nd Floor, Egkomi, Nicosia 2408, Cyprus; Privacy Policy:
https://www.rtbhouse.com/privacy-center
Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited
, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, D18 P521, Irland; Privacy Policy:
https://privacy.microsoft.com/de-de/privacystatement
LiveRamp
, Inc., 225 Bush Street, 17th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104, USA; Datenschutzerklärung:
https://liveramp.uk/privacy/
Google uses cookies and collects information about your device and the use of this website for partners who do not participate in the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework (TCF) (and are therefore not named as partners below the processing purposes listed above). Further information about the use of cookies and data by Google:
How Google uses cookies
and
data
.
We compile segments with pseudonymous user data and offer advertisers a data match with these user segments via our partners for the personalisation of advertising. Direct personal data (such as name or email address) are not disclosed at any time. The data match takes place exclusively in pseudonymous form, i.e. on the basis of an individual identifier, such as a cookie ID.
A user segment can, for example, consist of users who have searched for a certain vehicle model during a specific period. If an advertiser is interested in this user segment, he can acquire the right via our partners to target users from this segment who are already known to him or the partner. For this purpose, a data match is carried out to determine which users already known to the advertiser or the partner are contained in the respective user segment of mobile.de (so-called "matching"). This information can be used to subsequently show personalised - i.e. interest-based – ads to the already known users. In addition, the advertiser or our partners can identify characteristic properties and profile features of user groups that are of interest to them on the basis of our user segments. This enables them to search their own databases for user groups with similar interests (so-called "lookalikes") and to show personalised ads to these lookalikes or, in the case of our partners, to create segments with lookalikes and to market these segments to advertisers.
About the storage of your selection
The decisions you have made regarding the purposes and partners listed in these privacy settings are stored in this cookie.
mdeConsentData
-
1 year, 4 weeks
mdeConsentDataGoogle
-
1 year, 4 weeks