Privacy and Legal
FactSet's legal guidance, policies and terms.
Quick Links
Last Revised December 2024
FactSet Privacy Notice
FactSet Research Systems Inc. (“FactSet,” “we” or “us”) is a provider of integrated financial information and analytical applications to the global investment community. We are committed to protecting your data privacy rights, and are providing this Privacy Notice to our clients, suppliers, employees, employment applicants, and other relevant parties so that you know how we collect Personal Data, what types of Personal Data we collect, and how we use and share your Personal Data. If information is associated with an identified or identifiable natural person and is protected as Personal Data under applicable data protection laws, it is referred to in this Privacy Notice as “Personal Data.” By visiting this Website (the “Site”), or providing your information to us, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Applicability of this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice applies to Personal Data we collect from various sources, including the following:
(1) on our public website;
(2) through our client and supplier-facing applications and tools;
(3) from communications or applications you send us;
(4) when you interact with our advertising or applications on third-party websites and service platforms, if they include links to this notice;
(5) through your contractual relationship with us, as applicable;
(6) Personal Data we collect from job portals and obtain by working together with headhunters and recruitment agencies; and
(7) Personal Data you provide to us during the recruitment process.
FactSet’s role as a data processor or data controller
Depending on the circumstances, FactSet may process your Personal Data as data controller or as data processor. When FactSet is a processor on another controller’s behalf, FactSet’s processing is governed by terms outlined in a specific data processing agreement with the responsible data controller.
The categories of Personal Data FactSet collects
TThe Personal Data we process is primarily business contact information, such as username, name, and business contact information, from our clients and suppliers and information that our clients, suppliers and other users provide when using our products, accessing our websites, and other applications.
In some cases, a FactSet client may upload and store its own or another entity or individual’s Personal Data on a FactSet platform or service. For FactSet products where this is possible, or for any other scenario where FactSet may act as a processor, the collection of and categories of Personal Data will be governed by a specific data processing agreement between FactSet and the client.
We also collect and collate information (including some Personal Data) from third-party suppliers and public sources.
If you navigate through and interact with our Site and some of our products, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain usage information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. Automatic data collection is carried out through the use of cookies and related technologies. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy, which can be accessed
here
.
When you apply for a position at FactSet we collect all relevant information to assess your job application in the course of the recruiting process. The Personal Data we collect from you include your name, contact details, work, and education background. We may also request references from your former employers and require criminal background checks.
FactSet does not market to or knowingly collect personal data of Individuals under the age of 18.
How FactSet uses your Personal Data
We process Personal Data primarily to provide our services to our clients, to manage business relationships with third parties, to fulfill our contractual obligations, to manage our recruitment process and to improve our products and offerings.
Specifically, FactSet uses Personal Data to:
provide client services, such as our SaaS data, analytics, and technology solutions, evaluate and process requests regarding implementation, projects or change requests; to process invoices and payments, technical support, or other similar purposes; and to establish and maintain client accounts;
address your inquiries associated with the information you provide to us;
provide training and after-sales-support on our products and answer to and perform change requests;
To enable users to access and use web applications hosted by us for and behalf of our clients;
To allow users of our provided CRM services to upload Personal Data;
communicate with clients and suppliers, including responding to requests for assistance and to update them about the status of their orders by postal mail, email, telephone, or text message;
investigate, prevent, or act regarding unauthorized use of our services, illegal activities, suspected fraud, or situations involving potential threats;
provide you with underlying tools and applications helping to implement projects and resolve incidents;
provide our content services to our clients and to report and administer clients’ usage of third-party information products (e.g., real-time data from stock exchanges or licensed data from other data vendors we redistribute etc.);
to enhance the experience for our users, we use notes relating to support provided to specific employees, advisors, or agents of clients in relation to our products and services for their future use of our services;
to the extent it is lawful to do so, market and promote our products including through email or equivalent electronic means, to send news and newsletters, special offers and promotions, or to otherwise contact clients about products, services, or information;
process, evaluate and complete certain transactions involving the Site, and more generally transactions involving FactSet's products and services;
operate, evaluate, maintain, improve, and develop the Site (including by monitoring and analyzing trends, tracking user behavior, access to, and, where lawful to do so, use of the Site for advertising and marketing);
manage and facilitate hiring of new employees subject to our job application process. If you accept employment with FactSet, your Personal Data will be processed for the reasons and legal bases set out in our separate Global Employee Privacy Notice, which will be shared with you after you are hired;
provide users with documentation or communications which they have requested, or which is part of a product;
correspond with users to resolve their queries or complaints;
protect the security of the Site, FactSet confidential and proprietary information (which may include Personal Data), and FactSet employees;
manage, protect against, and investigate fraud, risk exposure, claims, and other liabilities, including but not limited to violation of our contract terms, laws, or regulations;
share your Personal Data with third parties in connection with potential or actual sale of our company or any of our assets, or those of any affiliated company, in which case Personal Data held by us about our users may be one of the transferred assets.
Our Legal Basis for processing Personal Data
FactSet relies on different legal bases for processing of Personal Data depending on the business purpose:
the processing is necessary to perform a contract with you or take steps to enter into a contract at your request;
the processing is required to allow you access and to use our services, products, or specific applications;
the processing is necessary for us to comply with a relevant legal obligation;
the processing is in our legitimate interests, which are not overridden by the interests and rights of the relevant individual whose Personal Data is collected; and
you have consented to the processing, e.g., for marketing purposes.
Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process Personal Data, those interests are:
to use supplier, client, and website user data to conduct and develop our business activities and improve our services in order to grow our business and profitability; and
to use supplier data and publicly available content (which in some instances includes Personal Data) to provide our content services to clients for their business purposes.
Where FactSet stores and processes your Personal Data
We store most information about you in computer systems and databases that we operate or that are operated by our external service providers. FactSet has offices in many countries and your Personal Data may be stored and processed outside your home country. We have networks, databases, servers, systems, support, and help desks located at many of our offices.
We use third parties for cloud storage and support and sales tools. We take appropriate steps to ensure that Personal Data is processed, secured, and transferred according to applicable law When we transfer Personal Data overseas, we follow the requirements under applicable data protection laws, such as the legal requirements under the GDPR for transfers from the European Economic Area to other countries in which applicable laws do not offer the same level of data privacy protection.
Retention of Personal Data
We keep Personal Data only for as long as required to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. In general, we retain Personal Data for a period of time corresponding to statutes of limitation, for example to maintain an accurate record of client and supplier dealings. In some circumstances we may retain Personal Data for other periods of time, for instance where we are required to in accordance with legal, tax or accounting requirements, or if required to do so by a legal process, legal authority, or other governmental entity having authority to make the request, for so long as required in accordance with our document retention policy.
How does FactSet internally transfer and disclose Personal Data?
FactSet is a global company with employees around the world that work to develop, maintain, and provide our services for our clients and users across the world. Transferring Personal Data within FactSet and its affiliates is required in order to provide our services and offerings. FactSet has adopted an Intra-Group Data Transfer Agreement containing all relevant local legal requirements to ensure your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection wherever it is processed within the FactSet group.
FactSet’s Third Party Service Providers and Partners
WWe may disclose Personal Data to other companies that we have engaged to assist us in providing you with our products and services, consistent with the legal bases outlined above and in compliance with applicable laws. This may include the following service providers:
billing services;
transaction managers;
credit verification services;
market researchers;
CRM applications;
software and application vendors;
data center providers and cloud services providers; and
other third-party service providers
To the extent that third party service providers and partners process Personal Data on behalf of FactSet, we enter into appropriate data processing agreements with them to regulate the processing and to ensure the security of Personal Data.
We do not sell or rent Personal Data to third parties for their own use but may provide certain usage information to advertisers to help provide you with relevant advertising where we are allowed to do so. Usage information, as used in this Notice, is anonymized and aggregated data, which does not identify you in the way Personal Data would.
Use of Aggregated or De-identified Data for statistical purposes
We may disclose or use aggregated or de-identified information for statistical purposes or analyses in a way that will no longer refer to an individual and that the results of which are not used for decisions affecting a particular person or groups of persons.
Security
FactSet takes reasonable precautions to protect Personal Data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Such precautions include, but are not limited to: implementing access controls, maintaining internal information security and data protection policies, providing periodic training to data handlers, and continuously reviewing our policies and practices against industry best practices. Unfortunately, while we work hard to ensure the security of your Personal Data while it is on our systems, no security measures are perfect, and data transmitted over the Internet is not guaranteed to be 100% secure. We cannot and do not ensure or warrant the security of any Personal Data you transmit, and you do so at your own risk.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice may be amended from time to time. Please review it periodically. Changes will be identified by the date at the top of this page.
Your rights
If you are based in certain geographical locations - such as parts of the U.S., the European Economic Area (EEA), Singapore, India, or the Philippines, and others - you have specific legal rights when it comes to your Personal Data.
You may be able to request, see, update, correct, or delete your information. You can also ask us to limit how we use your information, or object to its use altogether. If FactSet previously relied on your consent to process your Personal Data, you may be able to withdraw that consent and stop us from processing your data. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please use the contact information below in the following section.
Please note that we will not discriminate against you in any way if you choose to exercise any of the above rights.
We may need to request additional information from you in order to respond to your request to exercise any of the above rights. We will respond to your verifiable request and to act on your request within reasonable time without undue delay, subject to your applicable legislation. If we require additional time, or are unable to act on your request, to disclose and or delete your Personal Data as provided under applicable law, we will inform you without undue delay.
Contacting FactSet
Please also feel free to contact FactSet if you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or FactSet’s privacy practices, or if you are seeking to exercise any of your statutory rights. You may contact us at
dataprivacy@factset.com
,
or at our mailing address below:
FactSet Research Systems Inc.
90 Park Avenue, 10th Floor
New York, NY 10016
USA
Toll-Free Number: +1 800-461-9330
Complaints
If you have a complaint about the way we have handled any privacy issue, you may contact us through the details above.
We will consider your complaint and determine whether it requires further investigation or corrective action. If appropriate, we will provide you with information on any actions we have taken.
Data Protection Authority (DPA)
Subject to applicable law, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local Data Protection Authority depending on where you reside. If you live in the European Economic Area, you may direct questions or complaints to our lead European Supervisory Authority at:
Hessen Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information 
Gustav-Stresemann-Ring 1 
65189 Wiesbaden
Germany
+49 (0) 611 1408-0
http://www.datenschutz.hessen.de/
U.S. Data Privacy Notice Supplement
Effective Date: December 2024
This United States Data Privacy Notice (“U.S. Supplement”) supplements our FactSet Privacy Statement and applies in relation to the processing of personal information of residents of all U.S. States that have passed comprehensive Data Privacy Laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act and the Connecticut Data Privacy Act. In case of any inconsistencies between this U.S. Supplement and the rest of this Notice, this U.S. Supplement prevails. For the purposes of this U.S. Supplement, “personal information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or household.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect and Our Purposes for Collection and Use
You can find a list of the categories of personal information that we collect in the “
The categories of personal data FactSet collects
” section above.
We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the “
How FactSet uses your personal data
” section above.
If FactSet decides to collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes, FactSet will update this U.S. Supplement.
Sources of Personal Information
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from You
. For example, through your use of our Site or services, or when you apply for employment with us.
Indirectly from You
. For example, from observing your activity on our Site or when using our products or services.
Automatically from You
. For example, through cookies or other automatic collection techniques that FactSet or our service providers set on your device as You navigate through our Site or use our products or services.
From Service Providers
. For example, third-party vendors for payment processing, or other third-party vendors that we use to provide our products and services to you.
For additional details regarding the sources from which we obtain personal information, please see the “
Applicability of this Privacy Statement
” section above.
Categories of Personal Information Disclosed and Categories of Recipients
We disclose Basic Identifying Information to service providers and third-party partners.
We disclose Internet or Other Network Activity to service providers and third-party partners.
We disclose Payment Information to service providers who enable the processing of payments.
We disclose Commercial Information to service providers and third-party partners.
For additional details regarding the categories of third-party disclosures, please see the “
FactSet’s Third Party Service Providers and Partners
” section above.
Your Privacy Rights
Depending on in which state you reside, you may have certain rights related to your personal information. Specifically:
1. You may have the right to request notice of and access to FactSet’s collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months, including:
The categories of personal information collected;
The specific pieces of personal information collected;
The categories of sources from which FactSet collected the personal information;
The purposes for which FactSet collects and uses the personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom the business shares the personal information; and
The categories of personal information that FactSet discloses to third parties.
2. You may request that we correct your personal information.
3. You may request that we delete any personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions which exist in a recruitment or employment context.
For Inquiries and/or to Submit Requests for Information, Deletion or Correction
Please contact either: (1)
dataprivacy@factset.com
or (2) 800-461-9330 for inquiries about the Company’s Notice or other Privacy practices, or to submit your requests for information, deletion, or correction. As required by applicable laws, we may take steps to verify your identity before acting on your request to exercise your rights.
Agent Authorization
You may designate an authorized agent to request any of the above rights on your behalf. You may make such a designation by providing the agent with written permission to act on your behalf. As permitted by law, we may require you to verify your own identity in response to a request even if you chose to use an agent.
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
FactSet’s website uses cookies, including some that are created by other companies and placed on your browser when you visit our website. We use cookies to keep our site operating as smoothly as possible and to provide web services and functionalities for each visitor. Cookies are used for a variety of purposes. For example, they calculate web statistics, provide online advertising, and improve a visitor's experience on our website.
Our site may also enable third-party tracking mechanisms to collect data over time and across unaffiliated websites for use in interest-based advertising. For example, third parties may use the fact that you visited the website to send you online ads for FactSet products on third-party websites. In addition, our third-party advertising partners might use information about you to send you targeted advertisements based on your online behavior. Under California and other state laws, our use of those third-party cookies could therefore be considered a “share” or “sale” of your personal information. If you are a resident of California or another jurisdiction with similar laws, that means you have the right to opt out.
If you have not done so already, you can click “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” on the Cookie Banner if you are located in a jurisdiction with this feature, such as California. 

If you are located in a U.S. state that does not have this feature, please click “Decline” when prompted on our Global Cookie Banner shown below, which will prevent any Third Party or FactSet analytics cookies from being placed on your device.

If you originally accepted cookies from our Global Cookie Banner, but then decide to opt out, please clear your browser’s cache and history and click “Decline” when you return the FactSet homepage. 

To learn more about FactSet’s use of third-party cookies, please see our Cookie Policy which can be accessed
here
.
For details on our U.S. Data Privacy Notice Supplement: Your Consumer Privacy Rights. Please click
here
The following terms and conditions govern your use of this website and all content, services, and products available on or through the website (taken together, the "Site"). The Site is owned and operated by FactSet Research Systems Inc. and its affiliates (together, “FactSet”) as a service to its clients and investors and may be used for informational purposes only. Access to and use of the Site is subject to your acceptance without modification of all the terms and conditions contained herein, and all other operating rules, policies, and terms on this Site and any applicable written agreements with FactSet (which, in the event of a conflict with this terms and conditions, shall govern). If you do not agree to these terms, do not use the Site or download any materials from it. If you do not agree to the terms, or if you cannot remain in compliance with these terms, you may not access or use the Site. If you are accepting these terms on behalf of a legal entity other than yourself as an individual, including a business or a government body, you represent and warrant that you have full legal authority to bind that entity to these terms.
FactSet may revise these terms at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page from time to time to review the then-current terms because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this Site.
ELIGIBILITY
: You are not eligible to use the Site if doing so would violate any law or regulation, including but not limited to export controls or restrictions.
This Site is not intended for use for individuals under the age of 18. You must be over the age of 18 to register an account on the Site. By registering an account, you represent that you meet this minimum age requirement. In any case, you affirm that you are over the age of 16, as the Site and the services are not intended for use by children under 16.
ACCOUNT RESPONSIBILITY
: You are responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of your account and password, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your account, whether by you or anyone else. You may not create or use an account for anyone other than yourself. You must immediately notify FactSet of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. FactSet will not be liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of these acts or omissions. FactSet will not be liable for any loss that you or any other third party may incur as a result of someone else’s use of your account or password, either with or without your knowledge. FactSet may hold you liable for any losses incurred by FactSet or any other party due to someone else’s use of your account or password.
LICENSE
: As long as you are in compliance with these terms and other applicable FactSet policies, we grant to you a limited, revocable, non-assignable, non-transferrable, non-sublicenseable, non-exclusive license to use the Site, and to access and receive services that are intended for public display or access. Any rights not explicitly granted to you in these terms are strictly withheld and reserved by FactSet.
You agree that: (1) you will not copy or distribute any part of the Site or services in any medium without our prior written authorization, except as is necessary to your normal use of the Site; (2) you will not alter or modify any part of the Site other than is necessary to use the Site for its intended purposes; and (3) you will otherwise comply with these terms and all other applicable FactSet policies.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFORMATION
: Unless otherwise noted, product names, designs, logos, titles, text, images, audio, video and other content within this Site are the trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights or other property of FactSet ("FactSet's Intellectual Property") or its third party content providers (“Third Party Intellectual Property”). The “look” and “feel” of the Site (including color combinations, layout, design, and all other graphical elements) are protected by U.S. copyright and trademark law. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of FactSet's Intellectual Property or Third Party Intellectual Property displayed on the Site without the written permission of FactSet. All rights in and to the Site and its content are retained by FactSet. You acknowledge and agree that the contents of this Site, including FactSet’s Intellectual Property and Third Party Intellectual Property, are protected by the copyright laws of the United States and other foreign jurisdictions. For additional information on the Site’s copyright protections, refer to the copyright notice in the Site (www.factset.com) footer.
To obtain permission to use FactSet’s Intellectual Property or Third Party Intellectual Property, send an e-mail to marketing@factset.com. Note that no portion may be reproduced in any form, or by any means, without the prior written consent of FactSet. To obtain reproduction consent, send an e-mail to marketing@factset.com.
You may download single copies of material contained on this Site for non-commercial, personal use subject to the provisions below and provided that you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use the Site or download any materials from it.
As FactSet asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others, pursuant to the Acceptable Use Policy below. If you believe that material located on the Site violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify FactSet at dataprivacy@factset.com. FactSet will respond to all notices and, if required or appropriate, may take the following actions: (1) removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material or (2) terminating a user’s access to and use of the Site if, the user is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of FactSet or others.
USER SUBMISSIONS
: Any content, material, information, or other communication, including, without limitation, data, questions, comments, feedback, suggestions, or the like (collectively, the "Communications"), that you transmit or post to this Site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. If you transmit or post any Communications to this Site, you grant FactSet a world-wide, royalty free, fully paid, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully assignable, transferable and sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, perform, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, display, and otherwise exploit those Communications throughout the world in any form, media, or technology, whether now known or hereafter devised or developed.  FactSet will have no obligations in connection with any of the Communications, including, to the extent permitted by law, any obligation to retain or provide you with copies of your Communications or to guarantee any confidentiality with respect to your Communications.
FactSet cannot prevent the "harvesting" of information from this Site, and you may be contacted by FactSet or unrelated third parties, by e-mail or otherwise, within or outside of this Site. Furthermore, any Communications, including all data, images, sounds, text, and other things embodied therein, may be edited by or on behalf of FactSet, may or may not be posted to this Site and may be used by FactSet for any purpose, including, reproduction, disclosure, distribution, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting, all at the sole discretion of FactSet. The Communications may be used by FactSet for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, and marketing products using this information.
ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY
: You are prohibited from:
Using the Site in any way that violates applicable laws or regulations;
posting or transmitting to this Site any Communications that are unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene or pornographic or that would otherwise violate any law;
posting or transmitting any Communications that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered harmful, fraudulent, infringing, offensive, illegal or give rise to civil liability;
posting or transmitting any Communications that contain any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful, destructive or contaminating content;
posting or transmitting any unsolicited messages, promotions, advertising, or solicitations (like “spam”) or that is machine- or randomly-generated;
copying, modifying, publishing, transmitting, distributing, transferring, selling, creating derivatives of, or in any way exploiting, any material accessible through the Site not submitted or provided by you, including by use of any robot, spider, scraper, scripting, deep link or other similar automated gathering or extraction tools, program, algorithm or methodology, unless you obtain FactSet’s prior written consent;
using the Site to advertise, market, sell or otherwise promote any commercial enterprise that you own, are employed by or are otherwise compensated by, either directly or indirectly;
using this Site in any way to violate the security or integrity of any network, computer or communications system, software application, or network or computing device or otherwise attempt to disrupt or tamper with FactSet servers;
modifying, adapting, translating, copying, reverse engineering, scraping, crawling, decompiling, or disassembling any portion of the Site;
attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of a system or network of the Site or attempting to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization;
taking any action that imposes, or may impose, in FactSet’s sole discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure,
attempting to gain unauthorized access to any of the Site or other accounts through hacking, password mining or other means; or
using or encouraging, promoting, facilitating, or instructing others to use the Site in any matter not explicitly permitted under these terms.
FactSet has the right (but not the obligation) to monitor activity on the Site and investigate any violation of this Agreement or misuse of the Site. If you become aware of any violation of this Agreement or misuse of the Site, you must immediately notify us and provide us with assistance, as requested, to stop or remedy the violation. FactSet will cooperate fully with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing FactSet to disclose the identity of or help identify or locate anyone posting any information or materials. FactSet further has the right (but not the obligation) to refuse or remove any Communications from this Site or terminate or deny access to and use of the Site for any reason. FactSet is under no obligation to enforce these terms on your behalf against another user. FactSet reserves the right to take appropriate action in its sole discretion.
You hereby represent and warrant that (a) your use of the Site will not infringe the proprietary rights of any third party; (b) your use of the Site will be in strict accordance with these and any other applicable terms and with all applicable laws and regulations; and (c) that any Communication you post or transmit to the Site is accurate.
Notwithstanding the foregoing rules of conduct, FactSet retains an unlimited right to terminate your access to the Site, subject to applicable law, which shall not be limited to violations of the Acceptable Use Policy above.
USER RESPONSIBILITY
:FactSet has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the Communications and material posted by third parties to the Site, and therefore cannot be responsible for its content, use or effects. By operating the Site, FactSet does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes the material to be accurate, useful, lawful, or non-harmful. Neither FactSet nor any of this third party suppliers guarantees, endorses, or is otherwise responsible or liable for the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, reliability, availability, or usefulness of any Communications and material accessible through the Site.
Additionally, the information provided on this Site by FactSet speaks only as of the respective dates on which the information was first created. This information can become out-of-date. FactSet makes no commitment, and disclaims any duty, to update any of this information, except as expressly stated on this Site. You use this Site at your own risk and are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems.
USE OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
: Information submitted to FactSet on this Site is governed according to
FactSet's Privacy Policy
.
LINKS TO OTHER MATERIALS
: The Site may contain links to the websites of third parties on which you may be able to obtain information or use services. The linked sites are not under the control of FactSet, and FactSet is not responsible for the content, including, without limitation, the truthfulness or accuracy of any statement or other content, of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. FactSet reserves the right to terminate any link or linking program at any time. FactSet has not reviewed all the information contained in the linked sites and does not endorse the companies, products, or sites to which it links and reserves the right to note throughout the Site. If you decide to access any of the third-party sites linked to our Site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: USE OF THIS WEBSITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IN THE CASE OF DISSATISFACTION WITH THIS SITE OR ANY OTHER GRIEVANCE SHALL BE YOUR TERMINATION AND DISCONTINUANCE OF ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SITE.
WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT YOU WILL BE ABLE TO ACCESS OR USE THE SITE AT THE TIMES OR LOCATIONS OF YOUR CHOOSING; THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE; THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED; OR THAT THE SITE IS FREE OF INACCURACIES, MISREPRESENTATIONS BY USERS, VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
IN NO EVENT SHALL FACTSET OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR LOSS OF INFORMATION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
FactSet assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to or viruses that may infect your computer equipment, software, data or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from the Site or any linked sites. FactSet and its suppliers further do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links or other items contained within the materials posted, set forth, downloadable or linked to this Site. FactSet may make changes to or discontinue any or all of these materials, or the products described therein, at any time without notice. FactSet makes no commitment to update the information on this Site.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, AND EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL WE OR OUR AFFILIATES, SUCCESSORS, LICENSORS, BUSINESS PARTNERS, HEIRS, OR ASSIGNS (COLLECTIVELY, THE “RELATED PARTIES”) BE LIABLE TO YOU BASED ON OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, AND SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR SPECIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR SERVICES, EVEN IF WE OR RELATED PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES.
THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, AND ARE VOID WHERE PROHIBITED.
INDEMNIFICATION
: You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless FactSet, its contractors, and its third-party suppliers, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against any and all claims, costs, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) arising out of your use of the Site, including but not limited to your violation of these terms. FactSet reserves the right, at your expense, to control the defense of these claims. You agree not to settle any claims without FactSet’s written consent. You agree to notify FactSet immediately in writing of any claims. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these terms and your use of the Site.
TERMINATION
: FactSet may terminate your access to all or any part of the Site at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effectively immediately. If you wish to terminate these terms, or your user account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Site. All provisions of these terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive, including, without limitation, intellectual property ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
APPLICABLE LAWS, DISPUTES, AND JURISDICTION
: This Site is controlled by FactSet from its offices located in the State of Connecticut within the United States of America. FactSet does not make any representation that materials at this Site are appropriate or available for use outside the United States, and access to them from territories where the content of this Site is illegal is prohibited. Although this Site may be viewed internationally and may contain references to products and services not available in all countries, references do not imply that FactSet intends to make products or services available in all countries and territories. You may neither use, export nor re-export the materials at this Site, nor may you use any copy or adaptation of materials, in each case, in violation of any applicable laws or regulations, including, without limitation, United States export laws and regulations.
You agree that any claim or dispute arising out of or relating in any way to your use of the Site, or any service provided by us, will be resolved solely and exclusively by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify. The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this Agreement.
Except to the extent applicable law provides otherwise, these terms, any access to or use of the Site, will be governed by the laws of the State of Connecticut within the United States of America, excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and federal course located in Connecticut. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO SUBMIT TO ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS TO SETTLE ANY DISPUTES HEREUNDER, THAT ARBITRATION WILL BE IN LIEU OF LITIGATION, AND EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT IN FAVOR OF THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDING EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. Arbitration under this Agreement will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) under its rules then in effect. Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA’s rules.
To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to the following address:
CT Corporation System
67 Burnside Avenue
East Hartford, CT 06108Notwithstanding the foregoing, you agree that we may sue in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property or other proprietary rights.
To the extent arbitration does not apply, you agree that any dispute arising out of or relating to the Site or us, may only be brought by you in a state or federal court located in Connecticut. YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY OBJECTION TO THIS VENUE AS INCONVENIENT OR INAPPROPRIATE AND AGREE TO EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION AND VENUE IN CONNECTICUT.
GENERAL
: If any part of these terms is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of these terms or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may not assign or otherwise transfer your rights under this Agreement to any party, including by operation of law. FactSet may assign or otherwise transfer its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
These terms were last updated April 2022.
This statement is made pursuant to section 54(1) of the United Kingdom Modern Slavery Act of 2015 and constitutes FactSet’s group slavery and human trafficking statement for the financial year ending 31 August 2023.
Introduction from Phil Snow, Chief Executive Officer
As a global provider of flexible, open data and software solutions, we recognise that our company must act responsibly and thus are committed to combatting slavery and human trafficking in our business and supply chains. Employees are expected to report concerns, including any suspected violations of human trafficking laws, using appropriate reporting channels, and managers, in turn, are expected to act on any such reports. We are proud of the corporate social responsibility work we carry out in our local communities. As we expand into new markets and adopt innovative new technologies, we ensure that corporate social responsibility is a key part of our business strategic development plans.
Organisation's Structure and Business
We are a major supplier of online-integrated financial and economic information to the investment management and banking industries. FactSet Research Systems Inc. is the parent company of all our global subsidiaries, including our businesses in the United Kingdom (“FactSet”). FactSet has more than 12,000 employees worldwide in 34 office locations in 19 countries. The FactSet Charitable Foundation is a non-profit, nonstock corporation and is a separate legal entity from FactSet.
Our Supply Chains
FactSet is not in an industry with a high risk of modern slavery or human trafficking. Our supply chains include suppliers based in locations around the world who provide a range of services and products, from data licensing to IT infrastructure and local food service. FactSet is committed to ethical business practices and compliance with the law, and we expect the same of all our suppliers. Our suppliers are expected to comply with all applicable laws and regulations.
Our Values and Policies
At FactSet, we are committed to ensuring that there is no modern slavery or human trafficking in our supply chains or in any part of our business. As such, we have implemented our own FactSet Supply Chain Code of Conduct, available on our public website. We expect all our global suppliers and their respective supply chains to uphold similar standards of ethical conduct and to act in accordance with the FactSet Supply Chain Code of Conduct. This demonstrates our support and commitment to act ethically and with integrity in all our business relationships. We seek to implement and enforce effective systems and controls to ensure forced or child labour and human trafficking are not taking place anywhere in our supply chains.
Our Human Rights Policy, available on our public website, demonstrates our commitment to conduct appropriate due diligence on our business partners in order to identify and prevent human rights abuses to people in our business and value chain. If we identify adverse human rights impacts resulting from or caused by our business activities, we are committed to mitigating those impacts and cooperating in their fair and equitable remediation.
Employees
As a global corporate citizen, we understand the importance of investing in the communities where we operate. Through our robust company-sponsored volunteer program, FactSet employees are contributing their time and talents to organisations that align with our ‘Pillars of Service’, turning passion into positive change. In financial year 2023, FactSet employees donated over 14,800 volunteer hours, working with our charity partners to address our priority cause areas: Inspire Tomorrow’s Engineers, Educate to Elevate, Protect Our Environment, and Alleviate Food Insecurity. The programme is led by a global team and supported by local Corporate Responsibility committees who engage colleagues in strategic service projects to make a difference in our local communities. Through global campaigns with strategic nonprofit partners, FactSet employees
volunteered with organisations to help prepare young people for future careers in technology and other industries; hosted a variety of awareness talks, volunteer events, and sustainability challenges; and supported local and global communities alleviate hunger and combat food insecurity
Building on our rich legacy of philanthropy, FactSet proudly established the FactSet Charitable Foundation. The FactSet Charitable Foundation’s cornerstone ‘Signature Partners’ grant programme is dedicated to building a future that includes more leaders in technology and finance with diverse cultural and socioeconomic backgrounds. In financial year 2023, the FactSet Charitable Foundation made its first investments to help promising young people transform their lives through education and professional enrichment programs. All FactSet and FactSet Charitable Foundation grants are made on the provision that the charity does not discriminate by race, creed, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, or national origin.
Our annual Sustainability Report is available on our public website and details how we manage our global business through our fair and transparent governance processes and equip our staff to uphold the highest standards of ethics.
Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our public website and applies to all employees globally. The Code serves as a resource to help employees navigate the complex global business environment in which we operate, and ensures that our sense of integrity is at the forefront of each business transaction. All employees are required to affirm and recertify their commitment to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on an annual basis. Mandatory training programs educate new hires and other employees on how to conduct business in compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.
If employees have any concerns about any wrongdoing or breach of the law or our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, these issues can be raised through appropriate channels. In situations where employees prefer to place an anonymous or confidential report, they are encouraged to do so (where consistent with local laws) using FactSet’s Ethics Action Line which is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week at https://FactSetEthicsActionLine.com. Our Whistleblower and Anti-Retaliation Policy supports the confidential, anonymous submission of misconduct concerns, and prohibits retaliation against any individual for reporting suspected misconduct.
Next Steps
We will continue to review the effectiveness of the steps we have taken to prevent slavery or human trafficking in our operations and our supply chains, and assess emergent risks, if any arise, regarding slavery and human trafficking in our business.
This slavery and human trafficking statement was approved by the board of FactSet Research Systems Inc., FactSet Europe Limited and FactSet UK Limited.
Phil Snow
Chief Executive Officer
Date: March 15, 2024
The UK tax policy below applies to FactSet UK Limited, FactSet Europe Limited, FactSet Research Limited, Vermilion Holdings Limited and FactSet International (UK) Limited and other companies in the FactSet group which are subject to UK tax (referred to collectively as the “Company” or "FactSet"). This statement of tax policy is being published in accordance with Paragraph 19(2) of Schedule 19 of the Finance Act 2016 and is reviewed annually and updated when appropriate. This is the policy for the financial year ended 31 August 2025.
FactSet is a multinational group headquartered in Norwalk, Connecticut, United States with operations across 23 countries. FactSet was founded in 1978 and provides integrated financial information and analytical applications for the global investment community.
Introduction to FactSet’s UK Tax Strategy
FactSet has substantial local operations and presence in the UK. FactSet is committed to conduct its tax affairs in accordance with the following objectives:
Act as a responsible global corporate tax citizen in compliance with applicable tax law, regulations and reporting disclosure requirements;
Maintain an open relationship with tax authorities based on collaboration and integrity;
Apply diligence and care in the management of processes and procedures by which all tax related activities are undertaken;
Encourage ethical and transparent business practices;
Use available incentives and reliefs while ensuring that these reliefs are not used for purposes which are knowingly contradictory to the intent of the legislation.
Risk Management and Governance
FactSet believes that it is important to pay the correct amount of tax at the right time, under all relevant laws and regulations. We are committed to provide transparent and accessible information to tax administrators in order to facilitate an understanding of our tax strategy and the underlying business models. We operate an effective tax control framework to identify key tax risks and to manage those risks through appropriately designed and operated controls, polices and processes.
Tax Strategy and Strategic Objectives
Generally, FactSet’s tax strategy and strategic objectives are intended to establish a clear and unequivocal approach to all aspects of tax reporting and compliance.

Our strategy is focused on ensuring that taxes (and tax risks) are managed to provide outcomes consistent with commercial reality and are within the parameters of our strategic objectives. The strategy also requires that all tax obligations are complied with in the UK and all other relevant jurisdictions.

With the tax landscape constantly changing, FactSet’s tax affairs and tax risk management procedures are regularly reviewed to ensure that processes and measures are up-to-date so that we are able to identify, assess, manage and mitigate tax risk as well as remain aligned with FactSet’s business strategy and governance framework.
Level of Acceptable Tax Risk
We aim for certainty on the tax positions we adopt, so diligent professional care and judgment is employed to assess tax risks arising from our commercial operations. We seek to reduce the level of tax risk arising from operations as far as is practically reasonable through an ongoing commitment to improving internal control effectiveness and by ensuring that all tax or tax-related processes are allocated to appropriately qualified owners.

FactSet’s level of acceptable risk is low, and we structure our affairs based on sound commercial principles and in accordance with company policy and relevant tax legislation. FactSet will consider different tax outcomes when considering how to undertake commercially motivated transactions, but does not participate in aggressive tax planning for the purposes of tax avoidance or engage in tax schemes that go against the intention of the legislative authority.
Approach towards Dealings with HM Revenue & Customs (“HMRC”)
It is FactSet’s general policy to be transparent and proactive in all interactions with HMRC.
We have an open, honest and positive working relationship with HMRC. We are committed to prompt disclosure and transparency in all tax matters with HMRC. We recognize that there will be areas of differing legal interpretations between ourselves and HMRC and where this occurs we will engage in proactive discussion to bring matters to as rapid a conclusion as possible.
FactSet endeavors to make
https://www.factset.com/careers
accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact Kristen Panichella, Global Director, Talent Acquisition at
Recruiting2@factset.com
. This contact information is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.
FactSet is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. For our EEO Policy Statement, please
click here
. If you’d like more information on your EEO rights under the law, please
click here
. For the EEO Commission, please
click here
.
A NOTICE AND INVITATION TO ALL EMPLOYEES AND APPLICANTS
Philip Snow, Chief Executive Officer
AFFIRMATIVE ACTION AND EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY POLICY STATEMENT
FactSet Research Systems, Inc. has been and will continue to be an equal opportunity employer. To assure full implementation of this equal employment policy, we will take steps to assure that:
Persons are recruited, hired, assigned and promoted without regard to race, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state, or federal laws, rules, or regulations.
All other personnel actions, such as compensa­tion, benefits, transfers, layoffs and recall from layoffs, access to training, education, tuition assistance and social recreation pro­grams are administered without regard to race, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state, or federal laws, rules, or regulations.
Employees and applicants shall not be subjected to harassment, intimidation, threats, coercion or discrimination because they have: (1) filed a complaint; (2) assisted or participated in an investigation, compliance review, hearing or any other activity related to the administration of any federal, state or local law requiring equal employment opportunity; (3) opposed any act or practice made unlawful by any federal, state or local law requiring equal opportunity or (4) exercised any other right protected by federal, state or local law requiring equal opportunity.
I have appointed Kristen A. Panichella to take on the responsibili­ties of EEO Coordinator.  The EEO Coordinator will be respon­sible for the day to day imple­ment­a­tion and monitoring of the Company’s Affirmative Action Plan.  As part of that responsibil­ity, the EEO Coordinator will periodi­cally analyze the Company's personnel actions and their effects to ensure compliance with our equal employ­ment policy and administer the audit and reporting system.
If you, as one of our employees or as an applicant for employment, have any questions about this policy or would like to view portions of the Affirmative Action Plan, please contact Leonard F. Johnson during regular business hours. This is also a reminder that employees may update their disability status at any time by contacting Kristen A. Panichella.
I have reviewed and fully endorse our Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity program.  In closing, I ask the continued assistance and support of all of the Company's personnel to attain our objec­tive of equal employment opportunity for all.
Sincerely,
Philip Snow
Chief Executive Officer
FactSet Research Systems Inc.’s External Referral Award Program (the “Program”) offers a one-time referral award to unaffiliated persons to help FactSet attract top talent at our offices located throughout the United States. To make a referral or learn more about the Program, please visit our External Referral Award Program webpage . Referrals are valid for 12 months from the date of submittal.
Please read the below carefully.  By submitting a resume via email, You (as defined below) agree to the following terms and conditions:
External Referrer (“You” or “Your”):
Must be an individual person (i.e. not a business entity) who is at least 18 years of age and a legal resident of the United States in which you reside
Can’t be associated with or a consultant of a staffing or recruiting agency
Can’t be a current FactSet employee
Can’t refer yourself
Your Referral Candidate:
Can’t be a previous employee or current or former contractor for FactSet
Can’t be previously referred by a current FactSet employee
Can’t have already applied for the same position at FactSet on their own
If our team feels that Your referred candidate appears to be a match to our job requirements, we will reach out to them directly. The referred person must acknowledge that You referred them and we will ask the Referral Candidate to then apply directly on the Careers page of our website.
Payment Terms
If You are eligible to participate in the Program, FactSet shall pay You a one-time referral award in the form of an electronic gift card from one of FactSet’s preapproved retailers (“Award”) in the following (gross) amounts:
For Associate, Senior Associate, Specialist and Senior Specialist positions: $50 Award
For Senior Manager/AVP Lead, Manager, SVP or VP positions: $100 Award
FactSet will process the Award approximately 8-10 weeks after the referred employee is successfully hired and is actively employed by FactSet at the time the Award is to be paid. You are solely responsible for any appropriate state and federal taxes associated with the receipt of the Award.
In the event of a duplicate or competing submission of a referral candidate, payment will be made for the first referral candidate received by FactSet. Any Award payment is at FactSet’s sole discretion.
Recruiters and Placement Agencies
FactSet does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or placement agencies. Please do not forward unsolicited resumes to our website or to any of our employees. FactSet will not pay any fees to any third-party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any fees associated with any unsolicited resume.
Additional Information
You may refer as many qualified referral candidates as You want, but the total aggregate Award amount You may receive is capped at $500.
Referrals submitted in any other way other than outlined in these terms and conditions will not be eligible for the Program.
These terms and conditions are governed by Connecticut law. You agree that in the event of any dispute between you and FactSet with respect to an Award the decision of FactSet will be final.
The terms and conditions of the Program are subject to change or terminate at any time without notice and in FactSet’s sole discretion.
Please email
referrals@factset.com
with any questions.
General acceptance or denial of Cookies
You can agree or disagree to accept any cookies in general by activating the appropriate setting on the cookie banner displayed on our website. However, if you select “I decline” you may be unable to access certain parts or several functions of our website, and we cannot guarantee that our website will function properly. Otherwise our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our website.
How to manage cookies
You can change your browser settings so that you receive a warning before certain cookies are stored. You can also adjust your settings so that your browser refuses most of our cookies or only certain cookies from third parties. You can also withdraw your consent to cookies by deleting the cookies that have already been stored.
Please note that you will have to change your settings for each browser and device you use. Moreover, such methods will not work with respect to certain non-cookie online tracking technologies.
The procedures for changing your settings and cookies differ from browser to browser. If necessary, use the help function on your browser or click on one of the links below to go directly to the user manual for your browser.
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Safari
Opera
There are also software products available that can manage cookies for you. You can also use
www.ghostery.com
to accept or refuse each cookie used on our website.
Description of Cookies and the way we use them
Our website uses cookies to keep the website operating as smoothly as possible and to provide web services and functionalities for each visitor. Cookies are used for a variety of purposes. For example, they calculate web statistics, provide online advertising and improve a visitor's experience on our website. As your privacy is important to us, we would like to inform you about which cookies are used on our website, as well as why we use them. We operate the following cookies on our website:
Browser Cookies. A browser cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information (including personal data) about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our website.
Web Beacons. Pages of our website and our emails may contain small electronic files known as Web Beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
We refer to cookies, flash cookies and web beacons as "cookies".
We may collect personal data automatically, and we may tie this personal data to personal data about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us. Our cookies are used in the following way and for the following purposes:
Functional cookies: these cookies are essential in order to ensure that our website operates properly. They are used to save preferences, detect misuse of our website and services, and to distribute the load on our servers, which keeps our website available. Certain services you may request cannot be provided without these cookies.
Web statistics cookies: these cookies are used to determine which parts of our website interests our visitors. This enables us to make the structure, navigation, and content of our website as user friendly as possible.  We and the parties with whom we work (e.g., service providers, business partners, advertisers and advertising servers) may place, view, and/or use cookies, Web server logs, Web Beacons, or other electronic tools to collect statistical and other usage information about your use of this website and all other websites which relate to, provide, or market FactSet products and services. This usage information may include information about the IP address of your computer, browser type, language, operating system, your mobile device, geo-location data, internet service provider, the state or country from which you accessed this website, the Web pages visited, the date and the time of a visit, the websites you visited immediately before and after visiting this website, the number of links you click within this website, the functions you use on this website, the databases you view and the searches you request on this website, the data you save on or download from this website and the number of times you view an advertisement. We use Google Analytics software for these purposes. Information generated by the use of Google Analytics may be transmitted to and stored on a Google server in the US. Web Statistic cookies may include: Google Analytics, Microsoft Clarity , Salesforce Pardot, Swiftype Search, Navattic, Vidyard
Social media cookies: our Website may integrate certain third-party plug-ins (such as a Facebook "like" button).  Even if you do not click on these plug-ins, they may collect information about you, such as your IP address and the pages that you view. These plugins are governed by the privacy policy of the third party providing them.
Advertising cookies: our Website may also enable third-party tracking mechanisms to collect data over time and across unaffiliated websites for use in interest-based advertising. For example, third parties may use the fact that you visited the website to send you online ads for FactSet products on third party websites.  In addition, our third-party advertising partners might use information about you to send you targeted advertisements based on your online behavior in general. Information (including personal data) about your visits to, and activity on, this website and other websites, an IP address, the number of times you have viewed an advertisement, and other such usage information is used, alone or in combination with other information and personal data, to display on your device screen advertisements that may be of particular interest to you. We may use Web Beacons, provided by third party advertising companies, to help manage and optimize our online advertising and product performance. Web Beacons enable us to recognize a browser’s cookie when a browser visits this website, and to learn which banner ads bring users to this website. The use and collection of your information and personal data by these third-party service providers, and third party advertisers and their advertising servers is not covered by this Cookie Policy. Advertising cookies may include: Microsoft Advertising, Google Adsense, X Advertising & Analytics, LinkedIn Ads, Facebook Custom Audience, Reddit, Salesforce DMP, Quantcast, Beeswax, TradeDesk, MNTN, 6Sense, Demand Science, Ad Theorent
To opt out of advertising cookies for Your Online Choices if you are based in the EU, please click
here
.
To opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising, please click
here
.
You may also enable the “Do Not Track” setting in your web browser(s) or clear cookies from your browser after each browsing session. Please note that even if you exercise this choice for targeted advertising, you will still receive online advertising.
Matching or connecting cookies: We or our third-party service providers also may use collected information to establish connections among related web browsers and devices (such as smartphones, tablets, computers, and TVs) for targeted advertising, analytics, attribution, and reporting purposes. These third parties may match your browsers or devices if you log into the same online service on multiple devices or if your devices share similar attributes that support an inference that they are used by the same person or household. This means that information about your activity on this website or apps on your current browser or device may be combined with information collected from your other browsers or devices.
Other cookies: this category includes cookies that do not fit into one of the above cookie categories. One example of this is the bundling of several of the cookies via Google Tag Manager. Other cookies we use may include: OneTrust consent management
Partners we share Cookies with
We share cookies with the following partners. Please follow the links to their privacy policies:
Google Analytics:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Google Ads:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
and
http://www.google.com/terms_of_service.html
Microsoft Ads:
https://about.ads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/microsoft-advertising-privacy-policy
and
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-US/privacystatement
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/business/help/471978536642445?id=1205376682832142
Twitter:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
and
https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies#
LinkedIn:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
and
https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/87081
6Sense:
https://6sense.com/privacy-policy/
Lucky Orange:
https://www.luckyorange.com/privacy.php
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage or delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
At FactSet Research Systems Inc. (inclusive of all of its subsidiaries, “FactSet”), we are guided by our values. All of our employees, officers and directors commit to a
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
that embodies our fundamental principles of ethical and legal conduct. In keeping with our values, we expect all of our global suppliers (“Suppliers”) and their respective supply chains to uphold similar standards of ethics and conduct and to act in accordance with this FactSet Supply Chain Code of Conduct (the “Code”). 

This Code outlines the minimum standards that all of our Suppliers are expected to adhere to. This Code is not and should not be interpreted to circumvent or undermine any applicable laws, rules, or regulations. All Suppliers are expected to conduct their business activities in full compliance with the law. Any Supplier who is unable to comply with this Code should immediately notify FactSet. Failure to comply with this Code, in the absence of notice, may result in FactSet taking specific action, including but not limited to the disqualification of future opportunities and the withdrawal of business.
FactSet’s Core Sourcing Principles
We consider the following factors when selecting our Suppliers:
High quality products and services that fit our business needs;
Best value, meeting our financial requirements without compromising on quality or customer service;
Successful completion of our data security assessment and architecture review;
Contractual terms in line with FactSet’s standards and all applicable laws, rules, and regulations; and
Business practices consistent with applicable laws, rules and regulations, this Code, and whenever practicable, FactSet’s
environmental, social and governance philosophies.
Ethical Business Practices
FactSet seeks to excel while operating honestly and ethically, never through taking unfair advantage of others. FactSet prohibits fraudulent or corrupt business practices and any conduct of a suspicious, unethical, or illegal nature. Suppliers shall ensure their senior management oversees, monitors, flows down and implements policies, procedures, and guidelines to ensure compliance with law and demonstrate a commitment to business ethics, community empowerment, environmental and climate action, and strong corporate governance. FactSet suppliers shall work to ensure accountability, transparency, fairness, and responsibility for internal and external stakeholders and other affected or interested parties. 

Our Suppliers must be transparent in their business dealings and timely in regulatory reporting. Suppliers may not engage in bribery, corruption, embezzlement, extortion, or other illegal or unethical business practices. Suppliers must comply with all applicable laws relating to anti-corruption and anti-bribery. Suppliers must avoid unlawful agreements or arrangements with their competitors and comply with applicable fair competition laws. FactSet will not support, facilitate, or condone money laundering, tax evasion or any other illegal conduct by Suppliers.
Human Rights/Workers’ Rights and Inclusion
FactSet believes in the fundamental responsibility to respect international human rights standards (see our
Human Rights Policy
). FactSet expects its Suppliers to share its commitment to human rights and equal opportunity in the workplace. Suppliers must commit to upholding the human rights of their workers in accordance with this Code, the principles and guidelines of the International Labor Organization and the United Nations, and in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations. Suppliers must ensure that all of their employees have chosen their employment freely without duress. Their employees must work in safe, healthy and humane working conditions. Employees must be provided with fair wages and benefits relative to the market, and none of our Suppliers should expect their employees to exceed fair working hours as designated by applicable local and international law. Suppliers shall respect the right of freedom of association of their employees and the right to collective bargaining.

All of our Suppliers must ensure that they do not have within any part of their own operations or their supply-chain any form of child labor or human rights violations. FactSet is committed to ensuring there is no modern slavery or human trafficking in our supply chains or in any part of our business, and FactSet will not knowingly support or conduct business with any organization involved in slavery or human trafficking (see our
Modern Slavery Act Statement
).

Suppliers must be committed to a workforce free of harassment and discrimination. We expect our Suppliers to demonstrate a commitment to equality of opportunity for individuals and groups, with no tolerance for discrimination or workplace harassment. We urge our Suppliers to recruit, hire, develop, promote, and discipline employees without regard to race, sex, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, national origin, citizenship, marital status, pregnancy, disability, or veteran status, providing reasonable accommodations where necessary to ensure fairness and nondiscrimination.
Environment and Sustainability
FactSet recognizes its social responsibility to protect the environment and operate its business sustainably. FactSet expects its Suppliers to adhere to responsible environmental management as outlined in its
Environmental Policy
and to operate their business in compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. Suppliers should strive to minimize negative environmental impact as far as is practical and possible. We urge our Suppliers to target reductions in their carbon footprints, and where possible incorporate reduction, re-use, and recycling measures in their business operations.
Third Party Intellectual Property, Proprietary and Privacy Rights
FactSet respects the intellectual property, proprietary and privacy rights of third parties and expects its Suppliers to do the same. Any Supplier given access to FactSet data, including confidential, sensitive, or proprietary data or personal information of FactSet employees, clients, or business partners, must carefully safeguard and protect that data from unauthorized disclosure. When Suppliers are properly given the right to use such assets, they must use them responsibly. Suppliers must respect the privacy rights of their customers, employees, and other data subjects, and comply with all applicable privacy laws and regulations.
Monitoring Compliance and Reporting Concerns
Suppliers are expected to self monitor their compliance with this Code while conducting business and to have appropriate internal controls and management systems in place. FactSet may request reasonable audits or information to confirm compliance with this Code by our Suppliers. If you are aware or concerned that someone has violated this Code, please report your concern to our Chief Compliance Officer at
compliance@factset.com
or you may raise a concern, anonymously if preferred and where consistent with local laws, using the FactSet Ethics Action Line, available at
https://FactSetEthicsActionline.com
. FactSet prohibits retaliation against any individual or company for having made a complaint in good faith, regardless of whether the complaint is ultimately substantiated
This link leads to the machine readable files that are made available in response to the federal Transparency in Coverage Rule and includes negotiated service rates and out-of-network allowed- amounts between health plans and healthcare providers. The machine-readable files are formatted to allow researchers, regulators, and application developers to more easily access and analyze data.
http://www.ticmrf.com/13-3362547
Agreement to Terms and Conditions
By registering for a FactSet event (the “
Event
”), as a participant or attendee ("
you
" or “
your
”), you agree to the following terms and conditions (collectively, the “
Agreement
”) with FactSet Research Systems Inc. on behalf of itself and its affiliates (“
FactSet
”).  If you are registering on behalf of another individual, you warrant that you have made the attendee aware of this Agreement and that they have accepted these terms and conditions.
Event admission and participation
2.1.
Admittance
. Your registration entitles you to admittance to the Event.  Any and all other costs associated with your attendance (including without limitation any travel and/or accommodation expenses) shall be borne solely by you and FactSet shall have no liability for such costs. 

2.2.
Attendee Conduct
.  FactSet is committed to providing a positive experience for all attendees and expects attendees to show respect and courtesy toward one another at the Event.  At all times during the Event, you agree to conduct yourself in a professional and appropriate manner and shall comply with all applicable local laws and regulations with regard to workplace behaviour, as well as all policies and rules of the Event venue.  All attendees to the Event must be in business or smart casual attired.  FactSet reserves the right to refuse admission to anyone deemed inappropriately dressed.
2.3.
Termination
. You acknowledge that FactSet reserves the right to request your removal from the Event if FactSet, in its sole discretion, considers your presence and/or behavior to create a disruption or to hinder the Event and/or the enjoyment of the Event by other attendees or speakers.

2.4.
Media
. By attending the Event, you acknowledge and agree to grant FactSet the right at the Event to record, film, photograph or capture your likeness in any media now available and hereafter developed and to distribute, broadcast, use or otherwise globally to disseminate, in perpetuity, such media without any further approval from you or any remuneration to you of any kind. This grant to FactSet includes, but is not limited to, the right to edit such media, the right to use the media alone or together with other information, and the right to allow others to use and/or disseminate the media. FactSet does not undertake any obligation to use your image, name or likeness, or any exercise of its rights granted herein.  

2.5.
Event Content
. You acknowledge and agree that FactSet, in its sole discretion, reserves the right, at any time and without liability to you, to change any and all aspects of the Event, including but not limited to, the Event name, themes, content, program, speakers, performers, hosts, moderators, venue and time.
Use of your information and FactSet’s Privacy Policy
By participating in any live polls and surveys at the Event via the Event app, you grant FactSet the right and permission to use your name, job title, company name and responses for the purpose of any post-event promotional purposes and/or for the purpose of promoting future similar events, including the posting of such information on public websites or in any other media whether existing now or hereinafter developed.  You further agree that you shall have no rights of review or approval, no claim to compensation, and no claim arising out of or resulting from the use of such information.  The use of such information and any other personal information collected from or provided by you is governed by FactSet’s privacy policy, which is available at:
https://go.factset.com/legal#privacy-policy
.
Intellectual property
4.1. All intellectual property rights in and to the Event, the Event content and all materials distributed at or in connection with the Event are owned by FactSet and/or the Event sponsors or speakers presenting at the Event. You may not use or reproduce or allow anyone to use or reproduce any trademarks or other trade names appearing at the Event, in any Event content and/or in any materials distributed at or in connection with the Event for any reason without the prior written permission of FactSet. 

4.2. You can make reasonable video or audio recordings and take photographs at the Event, for your personal use.  You may not use recordings for commercial purposes without the prior written consent of FactSet. 

4.3. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to vest in you any legal or beneficial right in or to any trademarks or other intellectual property rights owned or used under license by FactSet or grant to you any right or license to any other intellectual property rights of FactSet, all of which shall at all times remain the exclusive property of FactSet.
Warranties and limitation of liability
5.1. FactSet gives no warranties in respect of any aspect of the Event or any materials related thereto or offered at the Event and, to the fullest extent possible under the laws governing this Agreement, disclaims all implied warranties, including but not limited to warranties of fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy, timeliness and merchantability.  FactSet shall not accept any responsibility or liability for reliance by you or any person on any aspect of the Event and/or any information provided at the Event.

5.2. Other than to the extent required as a matter of law, FactSet shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential costs, damages or losses arising directly or indirectly from the Event, your attendance at the Event or other aspect related thereto or in connection with this Agreement. 

5.3. Except as required by any applicable mandatory law, in no event will the maximum aggregate liability of FactSet for any claim in any way connected with this Agreement whether in contract, tort or otherwise (including any negligent act or omission) exceed an amount equal to one hundred United States Dollars.
Severability
If the terms of this Agreement or any part of them should be determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable under the laws of any state or country in which these terms are intended to be effective, then to the extent that they are so illegal, invalid or unenforceable, they shall in that state or country be treated as severed and deleted from this Agreement and the remaining terms shall survive and remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable in that state or country.
Last Revised January 2024