Privacy Policy
D'Adamo Personalized Nutrition has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website including newsletter subscriptions, emails, cookies.
Newsletters and email subscriptions
Subscription to our free newsletter is voluntary and you may unsubscribe at any time. Your email address will only be used for email communication related to website news, company news, products, specials & promotions and educational information.
We respect your privacy. Your email address, name, and any other information you provide, such as blood type and secretor status, is held in strict confidence. We do not sell, rent, or share your information with third parties.
Users can always easily withdraw their consent (unsubscribe) from receiving our newsletter as follows:
•    By clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any of such email
•    By contacting our
Customer service
.
Cookies
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. A cookie is a small piece of data that may be stored on your computer or mobile device. It allows a website to 'remember' your actions or preferences over a length of time. The Cookies do not collect personal information and are only used to make your shopping experience easier. The checkout cookies expire when your session ends (these are session cookies). The processing of such information allows users to access the Site and fully enjoy its features and services.
We also use cookies to track sales data through our web site software (these are persistent cookies that last longer). This helps us to understand and respond to our customer base better.
When you visit our site, there’s certain information that is recorded which is generally anonymous information and does not reveal your identity. If you’re logged into your account some of this information could be associated with your account.
On most web browsers, you will find a help section where there will be information cookies and how to turn cookies off. Your browser will offer you the choice to accept, refuse or delete cookies at all times, or those from providers that website owners use ("third party cookies"), or those from specific websites. For more general information on cookies, see
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
.
Google
We use Google Analytics
We masks IP addresses to hide personal information
We turn off Google Data Sharing
We do not use other Google services in conjunction with Google Analytics cookies
Personal Information
Your account information may be accessed by you only by using your unique user email and password.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. It is never sold, exchanged or given to third parties and is protected by multiple layers of encryption, password protection and manager level authorization. Printed materials containing any customer information are kept in a secure facility.
Apps
We do not do any tracking nor gather any personal information either for ourselves or any third parties when you access our apps. The types of information we may collect include the device type, your device's unique ID, your device's operating system.
App Network Communication - Full Network Access. Allows the app to create network sockets and use custom network protocols. The browser and other applications provide means to send data to the internet, so this permission is not required to send data to the internet.
App Storage - Allows the app to write to the USB storage. Allows the app to write to the SD card. Allows the app to test a permission for the SD card that will be available on future devices.
Security
This web site and our physical place of business have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We store personal information on secure servers that are managed by us and our service providers.
Terms of Service
The statements made on our websites have not been evaluated by the FDA (U.S. Food & Drug Administration). Our products and services are not intended to diagnose, cure or prevent any disease. If a condition persists, please contact your physician.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact Customer Service.