Phonecopy - Your Personal Cloud
Pricing
Supported devices
Galleries
Sign up
Log in
english▼
čeština
Deutsch
español
português
русский
français
Türkçe
Cookies help us deliver our services.
    We would like to ask you to allow us using non-essential cookies to provide you the best experience.
Please select cookie categories to allow.
Learn more
.
Functional (mandatory, deliver app functionality)
Analytics (web attendance, performance)
Ads (personalized ads)
Save
Allow all
Deny
Settings
Privacy Policy
PhoneCopy provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of www.phonecopy.com (this “Site”). This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through this Site. Our Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time, and we will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site.
Information Collection: The Personally Identifiable Information We Collect
In the course of using this Site, you may provide us with personally identifiable information according to
GDPR
. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you, and information on your use of and activities at our Site that may be connected with you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information that we collect may include but is not limited to, your name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, language preference, IMEI of your device, email address, photos, videos, or home, and business postal addresses. Personal Information may also include information you supply to us concerning your preferences and interests expressed in the course of the use of our Site.
When you visit the Site, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. This information may include but is not limited to, your computer’s Internet Protocol address, browser type, the web page you were visiting before you came to our Site, and information you search for on our Site. Like many websites, we may also use “
cookies
” to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We may use “persistent cookies” to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Site; and we use “session ID cookies” to enable certain features of the Site, to better understand how you interact with the Site, and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on the Site. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of our services.
How We Use Personal Information
Personal Information is or may be used for the following purposes:
(i) to provide and improve our Site, services, features, and content,
(ii) to administer your use of our Site,
(iii) to enable you to enjoy and easily navigate the Site,
(iv) to better understand your needs and interests,
(v) to fulfill requests you may make,
(vi) to personalize your experience, and
(vii) to provide or offer software updates and product announcements.
We use the information we obtain by technical means (such as the automatic recording performed by our servers or through the use of cookies) for the above purposes and in order to monitor and analyze the use of the Site and our services, for the Site’s technical administration, to increase our Site’s functionality and user-friendliness, to better tailor it to your needs, to generate and derive useful data and information concerning the interests, characteristics, and website use behavior of our users, and to verify that visitors to the Site meet the criteria required to process their requests.
Mobile applications
The mobile application is designed to back up personal data from the user's mobile device to his remote user account on the server https://www.phonecopy.com. By using the mobile application, the user agrees to the collection and use of certain personal data in the sense of GDPR. For the purposes of backing up and synchronizing user data and managing the user account, the application collects:
* the user email address - to manage the user account
* application installation identifier - to distinguish multiple devices in the user, account
* error messages - for debugging errors and improving the application.
Depending on the used features of the mobile application, the user may provide some additional personal information, which the application will collect. These data include:
• contact list
• SMS messages
• CallLog
• photos
• videos
Before using the selected features, it is necessary to allow the mobile application access on the device:
• to contacts – for backup, synchronization, and restoration of contacts
• to SMS messages – for backup, synchronization, and recovery of SMS
• to CallLog records – for backup of CallLog
• to photos and videos – for backup, synchronizing, and restoring of photos and videos
• to the camera – for logging into the application by scanning the QR code
For the backup, synchronization, or restoration of items to work correctly, it is necessary to allow the application to display notifications to the user.
The personal information we collect is used solely to provide and improve our services. We will not use or share your information with anyone other than that described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
PhoneCopy Users. We recommend that you guard your sensitive information. Service Providers, Business Partners, and Others. We may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our service, to provide the service on our behalf, to perform Site-related services (including but not limited to data storage, maintenance services, database management, web analytics, payment processing, and improvement of the Site’s features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Site and service are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only for purpose of performing these tasks on our behalf.
Changing or Deleting Your Information
PhoneCopy secures a copy of the backed-up data for Phonecopy users in the event of data or computer loss or in case users need to get their data restored. Users may review, update, correct, restore, or delete the Personal Information provided in their registration or the data backed up on our servers by contacting customer support. Backup is held for the time period which is necessary for common service.
Security
PhoneCopy is very concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ reasonable measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access.
Our Policy Toward Children
This Site is not directed to children under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 15. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at
privacy@phonecopy.com
. If we become aware that a child under 15 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
support@phonecopy.com
.
Last modified January 2nd, 2024
Previous Version
GET PHONECOPY
Pricing
Supported devices
Galleries
Sign up
Log in
cs
de
es
pt
ru
fr
tr
×
PhoneCopy
e-Fractal
FREE - Download directy from our website or from Windows Store
VIEW