"Let's Create! Pottery" Application Privacy Policy
At Infinite Dreams, we care about your data. Please take a while and have a look at our privacy policy and understand what kind of data we collect and why we do it. "Let's Create! Pottery" is a mobile application and
http://www.potterygame.com
is a web portal where users can create, share, comment and rate unique images of pottery designs. In order to provide this service to you we need to collect, store and process some of your personal data.
WHY WE COLLECT DATA?
There are several reasons why we do that:
To enable posting pottery images on the
http://www.potterygame.com
portal.
To store your game progress securely in the cloud.
To improve our games by analyzing statistical, non-personalized data about events in our games.
FACEBOOK LOGIN
In "Let's Create! Pottery" application you can post your pottery images to
http://www.potterygame.com
. The image can be viewed, rated and commented by other players. Please note that any pottery image that you provide to us is information you are asking us to make public. Once you login to Facebook in the application, we will collect, store and process some additional personal information in our own database. The data that we collect, store and process may include:
Facebook identifier and facebook name, to identify you in our Portal.
IP address, to prevent illegal voting and protect from unfair behaviour.
Pottery images, comments, votes and other information for the purpose of voting system.
Please note that Facebook has it's own privacy policy. Please visit following page to find more information:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
.
CLOUD STORAGE
In order to securely store your game progress, once you sign in to Game Center (iOS) or Google Play Games (Android), we store and process some of your personal data:
Gamer ID (Android).
Game Center ID (iOS).
ANALYTICS
Most of our apps use analytics (usage data) in order to understand how users engage with our apps and how to improve the overall experience. The information gathered include: the device type, the session length, interactions with various user interface elements in the game. We do not store this data on our own servers, but pass it to our partners. Our partners have their own privacy policies, please visit their websites to find more information. The analytics partners that we work with are:
Google Analytics:
https://www.google.com/analytics
Unity Analytics:
https://unity.com/solutions/analytics
Flurry Analytics:
http://www.flurry.com
Data that we collect and provide to our partners for analytics may include:
Unique device and user identifiers.
Anonymized IP address.
AGE LIMITS
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data. If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
HOW TO GET YOUR DATA REMOVED
If you'd like to get all of your data removed, please contact us at support@idreams.pl
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
Infinite Dreams may amend this Privacy Statement from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Statement in effect at the time such information is used.
OWNER, DATA CONTROLLER AND DATA PROCESSOR
Address: Infinite Dreams sp. z o.o., ul. Bojkowska 45, 44-100 Gliwice, Poland
Contact: support@idreams.pl
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies