Privacy Policy
Effective date: May 1, 2019
On-Core Software LLC ("us", "we", or "our")  operates mobile applications (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. Our Privacy Policy  for our applications are created with the help of the
PrivacyPolicies.com Privacy Policy Generator
.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
We do not collect any type of information for our Service to you. If you contact us via eMail or Forums, we do not disclose any of that information to other parties.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Cookies and Usage Data
Database file for debugging
Usage Data
When you access the Service with a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data").
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. You can learn more how to manage cookies in the
Browser Cookies Guide
.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Some of our applciations use the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
We may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of our applications
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By visiting this page on our website: http://on-core.com/contact.htm
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.privacypolicies.com//:
Privacy Policies are required by law.
Get compliant today.
We generate custom-made Privacy Policies in seconds to help keep your business safe. No jargon. No nonsense. No mucking around.
Start creating your Privacy Policy
More than Privacy Policies
We generate more than a Privacy Policy: Terms & Conditions, EULA, Disclaimers, Cookie Policies and Return Policies.
Privacy Policy Generator
Our Privacy Policy Generator can help you generate a customized Privacy Policy in around three minutes, for free.
Generate
Cookies Policy Generator
Our Cookies Policy Generator can create a customized Cookies Policy to help your compliance with ePrivacy Directive and GDPR.
Generate
Terms and Conditions Generator
Our Terms & Conditions Generator can help you generate a customized Terms & Conditions agreement in around three minutes, for free.
Generate
EULA Generator
Our EULA Generator can create a customized End-User License Agreement for your mobile or desktop app.
Generate
Return & Refund Policy Generator
Our Return & Refund Policy Generator can help your ecommerce store by creating a returns or refunds policy.
Generate
Disclaimer Generator
Our Disclaimer Generator can create a disclaimer or disclosure for your website.
Generate
Cookie Consent
Integrate a free Cookies Notice and Cookie Consent banner to better comply with the EU ePrivacy Directive and the new GDPR law.
Integrate
Why a Privacy Policy is important
If you have a website, app, ecommerce store or Saas app, chances are you need a Privacy Policy. Get caught without one and you risk some hefty fines. But where do you start? If you're not a lawyer, it can feel like you're drowning in legal jargon and technical nonsense. That's where we come in.
Privacy Policies with global coverage
Almost every country in the world has some kind of privacy law to protect their citizens' personal information. That's why every Privacy Policy we generate is adapted to comply with the major privacy laws relevant to you. Just tell us where you operate and we'll customise your Privacy Policy accordingly.
CPRA, CCPA & CalOPPA
CPRA, CCPA & CalOPPA protect personal data belonging to residents of California. If you collect personal information online in the U.S, we'll make sure your Privacy Policy complies with CPRA, CCPA & CalOPPA laws.
GDPR
GDPR controls data privacy in the EU. If your business operates within an EU member state or collects personal data from EU citizens, we'll generate a Privacy Policy that includes the necessary GDPR wording.
The rest of the world
Our Privacy Policies are adapted to be a fit with major privacy laws around the world to keep your business safe.
Totally tailor-made Privacy Policies
Every business is different, that's why every Privacy Policy we generate is unique. We take into account factors like your industry, how and where you operate and what platform you use to put together a Policy tailor-made just for you.
Website Privacy Policy
Keep your website on the right side of the law with an up-to-date Privacy Policy.
Mobile App Privacy Policy
Don't let an out-of-date or incorrect Privacy Policy let your app down.
Ecommerce Privacy Policy
Reassure your customers that their information is in safe hands with a tailor-made Privacy Policy.
SaaS Privacy Policy
Get a Privacy Policy unique to your subscription based SaaS application.
CPRA+CCPA Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy that complies with the CCPA law in the United States.
GDPR Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy that complies with the latest GDPR regulation in Europe.
CalOPPA Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy that complies with the CalOPPA law in the United States.
Custom Privacy Policy
Custom-built Privacy Policies for businesses that do a little bit of everything.