1. Generate ideas with AI
Enter a few keywords that best represent your brand and our technology will create a list of catchy and unique business names.1. Generate ideas with AI
Enter a few keywords that best represent your brand and our technology will create a list of catchy and unique business names.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.namecheap.com/security/:
Web Security
Internet protection for you and your customers
How can I secure my online presence?
The web can be a dangerous place. Identity thieves and other threats are lurking everywhere. You need to look out for both yourself and your customers. We know. That’s why Namecheap offers two main channels of security: a Domain Privacy service for Namecheap domain owners and a wide variety of SSL certificates to protect your site’s visitors.
FastVPN
New
Get a fast and affordable VPN experience and secure all your devices, so you can protect your privacy, keep your data hidden, and browse safely on public Wi-Fi.
Learn More
Domain Privacy
A domain privacy protection service keeps domain owner contact information out of the public Whois database. Domain privacy is offered free with every eligible domain registration or transfer.
Learn More
PremiumDNS
We know how important DNS uptime is to your online business, that’s why we offer PremiumDNS. For less than £3.87 a year, your business can take advantage of a secure, globally available DNS service.
Learn More
SSL Certificates
SSL certificates are the best way to protect your site’s customers against identity theft. And Namecheap has a wide range of SSL products available: We offer basic to in-depth validation, for one site or several.
Learn More
Why choose Namecheap for security?
We’re committed to keeping the web safe for all users.
Protection for You
You get top-notch Two-Factor Authentication (U2F & TOTP) to keep your account secure, as well as domain privacy protection - all free of charge.
Security for Your Customers
When you buy an SSL certificate from Namecheap, you get a free site seal, 99% browser ubiquity, a money-back guarantee and all the data protection your customers demand.
Industry-Leading Support
Every Namecheap product is backed by our rock-solid guarantee and friendly, knowledgeable 24/7 support team. Our vast Knowledgebase is also loaded with good information and available anytime.
Options for Everybody
Our SSL products range from basic to advanced, from single- to multi-domain. We have security solutions to fit every business and every budget.
Safely Unblock Content
With
FastVPN service
, you can change your virtual location to unlock the internet for secure and fast streaming, transferring data, and online gaming.
Personal Privacy Protection
Work safe no matter your location or device with
FastVPN service
. Avoid leaking of information about your browsing activity.
Namecheap Security Features
Namecheap works to protect our customers with comprehensive domain and account security.
Learn more about account security →
Two Factor Authentication
Add an extra layer of protection to your account with Namecheap Two-Factor Authentication (U2F & TOTP), free of charge.
Get details about 2FA at Namecheap →
Disclaimers
SSL certificates must be installed on your web server. Therefore, an end-to-end SSL installation support is possible only in cases where the
domain name
is hosted with Namecheap. If the domain is hosted with any other provider, please contact their support team for assistance with CSR generation and SSL installation.
Selected orders may be flagged for an additional "Brand Validation" procedure by the Certificate Authority. This is a necessary security measure. If the order is flagged for Brand Validation, SSL issuance will be delayed for a period of time deemed necessary by the Certificate Authority.
You’ll receive a domain privacy subscription absolutely FREE with every eligible domain registration or transfer. Withheld for Privacy provides subscription pursuant to its Services Agreement with Namecheap. Terms and conditions apply. Visit the
Withheld for Privacy Service Agreement page
for details.
Domain privacy subscriptions can be used on domains registered with Namecheap only.
Need help?
We're always here for you.
Go to Live Chat page
notmyip