IMPORTANT
If you are under the age of 13, you must have your parent or guardian read the agreement below and agree to it for you. Without their permission, you don’t have permission to use this site, our products or our web services.
Always get an adult’s permission before using an online service.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which INKids Education, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) via products and their related sites and services offered by INKids Education LLC. This privacy policy applies to the, inkidsapps.com, futabaapp.com websites as well as software and their related sites and services offered by INKids Education LLC (including “Apps” published on the iTunes App Store). Users should also be aware of any Terms of Service and/or privacy policies associated with any App Store they are downloading or installing products from.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users (13+ year of age) only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in the use of certain product related features.
INKids Education LLC. uses collected information to provide children, teachers and their parents individual reports on academic performance and achievements while using our products. This information gives educational caregivers and students a clear understanding of strengths and weaknesses of student knowledge of curriculum.
We collect limited personal information from students of all ages, but only where that student’s school, district, and/or teacher has created an account to do so for the benefit of the classroom. Personal information is generally limited to first name, last name and parent email (for students under 13 years of age) and first name, last name and personal email (students over the age of 13). Teacher’s using our web service should seek parental consent before adding student information to any of our products. If you are a student and your parent / guardian or teacher has created an account using one of our products to generate an Access Code, you understand that your parent/guardian and teacher can view all information within or associated with your account, including your grades, scores and other metrics that are collected when using our products.
At any time parents and teachers are free to review any child’s personal information and have it deleted. You are also free to refuse us the right to collect this information as a service. This can be done so by contacting us at the email address or phone number provided at the bottom of this page.
No data is shared with 3rd parties at any time. No data is collected from children under the age of 13 without their teacher’s or parent’s permission. Teachers who add a student’s personal information to an app, or website for the purposes
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
INKids Education LLC may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve service – Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience – We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site(s) and services.
To improve our Site(s) – We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them or that they have opted to receive.
To send periodic emails regarding User (in this case Student) performance for informing teachers and parents of academic achievement, product enhancements and to run promotions.
We may use the email address to send User information and updates. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, individual performance metrics, etc.
If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, they may do so by contacting us.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Changes to this privacy policy
INKids Education LLC has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this documentation. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site and our products, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our services. Your continued use of the our Site, products and services following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
dave@inkidseducation.com
INKids Education LLC
4028 Viceroy Dr.
Bryan, TX 77802
+1-979-314-4634
This document was last updated on January 15, 2016
Privacy policy created by http://www.generateprivacypolicy.com