A)   Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, a device identifier; an Internet Protocol address; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers or similar technology; customer number, unique pseudonym or user alias; telephone numbers, or other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers that can be used to identify a particular consumer or device;
‍
B)    Signature, physical characteristics or description, telephone number, state identification card number, insurance policy number, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information;
‍
C)    Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an internet website, app or advertisement.
D)    Geolocation data;
E)    Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, ol factory or similar information.
We collect this personal information for business purposes as described in the"PURPOSES FOR WHICH PERSONAL DATA WILL BE PROCESSED " section of our general privacy policy above.
A)    The right to request disclosure of details, and categories of personal information collected;
B)    The right to request disclosure of personal information collected twelve (12) months prior to the Effective Date, this right shall apply only to personal information collected after January 1, 2022
C)    The right to request disclosure of information sold or shared and the right to disclosure of the service provider or contractor, or a third-party (as defined in the CPRA) to whom such information is sold or shared ;
D)    The right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information collected.
E)    The right to request deletion of Your personal information held by Us or by Our service provider, contractor, or any other third party We have disclosed personal information to. We shall hold a confidential record of all deletion requests for the purpose of preventing the selling of such personal information for which You have submitted a deletion request.
F)    The right to "opt out" of any sale or sharing of personal information (as definedin the CPRA ), if such sale or sharing occurs.
G)   The right to request the transfer of specific pieces of personal information toany other entity.
H)   The right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under CPRA.
A)   The right to confirm whether We are processing the personal information collected and the right to access such personal information.
B)    The right to correct inaccuracies in the personal data collected taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information
C)    The right to request the deletion of personal information provided by or obtained from You.
D)    The right to request the deletion of personal information collected from sources other than You. We shall comply with such a request by either (i) retaining are cord of the deletion request and the minimum information necessary for the purpose of ensuring Your personal information remains deleted from the business’s records and not using such retained information for any other purpose pursuant to this Section or (ii) opting You out of the processing of such personal information for any purpose except those exempted by the Virginia Data Protection Act.
E)    The right to request the transfer of the personal information collected to another controller in a technically feasible and readily usable format.
The right to opt-out of the processing of the personal information for purposes of (i) targeted advertising, (ii) the sale of personal information, or (iii) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning You. California and Virginia consumers may make a request pursuant to their rights under the CPRA and VDPA respectively by contacting Us at support@signeasy.com or via mail to Our postal address set forth above. We will verify Your request using the information associated with Your account, including e-mail address and/or Government identification. We will let You know if We need additional information to verify Your identity. Consumers may also designate an authorised agent to exercise these rights on their behalf.