Privacy Policy (App)
In this Privacy Policy, we inform you about the processing of personal data and about the access and storage of information on your device when you use OneFootball app.
In addition to this Privacy Policy for our app, we also have a
Privacy Policy for the OneFootball website
.
Content of this Privacy Policy:
1. Controller and Contact Person
2. Download from an App Store
3. Data Processing by Our App
3.1 App Access Data When Using Our App
3.2 Push Notification on Mobile Devices
3.3 Contact Information
3.4 Registration
3.4.1 Use Without Registration
3.4.2 Settings in the User Account and Operating System
3.5 Orders
3.6 Newsletter
3.6.1 Subscribing to the Newsletter
3.6.2 Newsletter Tracking
3.7 Existing Customer Advertising via E-Mail
3.8 Surveys
3.9 Competitions
3.10 Applications
3.11 Fanshop
3.11.1 Data collection and transfer to sellers
3.11.2 Data Collection by the Payment Service Provider
4. Use of tools
4.1 Technologies Used
4.2 Legal Basis and Withdrawal
4.2.1 Legal Basis
4.2.2 Obtaining Your Consent
4.2.3 Withdrawal your Consent or changing your selection
4.3 IAB Transparency and Consent Framework
4.4 Essential Tools
4.4.1 Own Tools
4.5 Functional Tools
4.6 Analysis Tools
4.7 Marketing Tools
4.8 Purposes, Functions and Service Providers
5. Online Presence in Social Networks
6. Data Disclosure
7. Data Transfer to Third Countries
8. OneFootball Partner Marketing
9. Storage Duration
10. Your Rights, Particularly Withdrawal and Objection
11. Changes to the Privacy Policy
1. Controller and Contact Person
The contact person and so-called controller for the processing of your personal data when using this app within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is
OneFootball GmbH,
Donaustraße 44
12043 Berlin
Germany.
If you have any questions about data protection in connection with the use of our website, our app, OneFootball support and the OneFootball TV app (hereinafter referred to as OneFootball services), you can also contact our external data protection officer at any time. This can be contacted at the above postal address and by email at
privacy@onefootball.com
(keyword: "Attn: Data Protection Officer"). We expressly point out that when using this e-mail address, the contents are not exclusively taken note of by our data protection officer. If you wish to exchange confidential information, we therefore ask that you first contact us directly via this e-mail address.
2. Download from an App Store
In order to download and install the OneFootball app from an app store (Google Play, Apple AppStore or another app store via your SmartTV), you may first have to register for a user account with the provider of the respective app store and conclude a corresponding user agreement. We have no influence on the content of this contract; in particular, we are not a party to such a user contract. When you download and install the app, the necessary information is transmitted to the respective provider of the app store (e.g. Google or Apple), in particular your user name, your email address and the customer number of your app store account, the time of the download and the individual device identification number. We have no influence on this data collection and we are not responsible for it. We only process the data provided to the extent necessary for downloading and installing the app on your mobile device (e.g. iPhone, iPad or Android device). We do not store this data for any other purpose.
3. Data Processing by Our App
3.1 App Access Data When Using Our App
When you use the OneFootball app, we collect the following technical data to enable the functions of the OneFootball app, which is automatically collected from your mobile device and transmitted to us when you use it.
The following app access data is automatically recorded each time the OneFootball app is used:
Date and time of use
Your device name (e.g. "Apple iPhone 14" or "Samsung Galaxy S9")
Operating system and version as well as information on screen resolution
App version and application ID to identify your app installation
General device data, such as language and regional settings
IP address of the end device
Details of the approximate location from which you are using our app
To improve the app, the OneFootball app also sends us error messages after a crash (i.e. after the OneFootball app was unexpectedly terminated due to a program error or it no longer responded to your inputs). The error messages do not contain any personal data, but only the aforementioned technical app access data and information about which part of the OneFootball app software code caused the error. The IP address of your end device is not transmitted.
The app access data is generally recorded in internal log files for a period of three months after the end of the respective access and then anonymized, unless otherwise specified in this privacy policy.
The data processing of this connection data is absolutely necessary to enable the use of the app, to ensure the permanent functionality and security of our systems and to maintain our app in general administrative terms. The connection data is also stored in internal log files for the purposes described above, temporarily and limited in content to what is absolutely necessary, in order to find the cause and take action in the event of repeated or criminal calls that jeopardize the stability and security of our services.
The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR if the app is used in the course of the initiation or performance of a contract, and otherwise Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR due to our legitimate interest in enabling the app service and the permanent functionality and security of our systems.
3.2 Push Notification on Mobile Devices
In order to be notified of certain events and topics on mobile devices via push notifications (also called "notifications" by iOS), you must grant the OneFootball app the necessary authorization. When you open the OneFootball app for the first time and register or log in, you will be asked for this authorization. You can adjust the permissions for push notifications in the settings of your operating system or switch push notifications on or off later.
On iOS, you can switch this setting on or off under "Settings" under the menu item "Messages".
On Android, you can find this setting under "Settings" under the menu item "Apps" (or "Application Manager"). After selecting the OneFootball app, you can switch push notifications on or off here.
3.3 Contact Information
You have various options for getting in touch with us. These include the contact form and the e-mail address
feedback@onefootball.com
. In this context, we process your data exclusively for the purpose of communicating with you.
The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR, insofar as your details are required to answer your inquiry or to initiate or execute a contract, and otherwise Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR due to our legitimate interest in you contacting us and us being able to answer your inquiry.
The data collected by us when you contact us will be automatically deleted after your request has been fully processed, unless we still need your request to fulfill contractual or legal obligations (see section 9 "Storage period").
3.4 Registration
You have the option of registering with an account for our login area in order to be able to use the full range of functions of our services. We have highlighted the data you are required to enter as mandatory fields. Registration is not possible without this data.
An e-mail address and password are required.
The following data may be processed as part of the registration process:
Salutation, Gender (optional);
First and Last name (optional);
Date of Birth (optional);
Profile Picture (optional)
The legal basis for processing the data required for registration (mandatory fields) is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR. For all other data, the legal basis is our legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR to enable you to customize, adapt and change your account, or your consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR, insofar as you have given us this.
Our app offers you the option of logging in with an existing account from the social networks listed below:
Facebook Login: Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, Serpentine Avenue, Block J, Dublin 4, Ireland (for persons outside the USA and Canada) or Meta Platforms Inc, 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA (for persons from the USA and Canada) - Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
;
Google Sign-In for Websites: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (for persons from the European Economic Area and Switzerland) or Google LLC 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (for all other persons) - Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
;
Register with Apple: Apple Distribution International ltd, Hollyhill Industrial Estate, Hollyhill Cork, Republic of Ireland (for persons from the European Economic Area and Switzerland) or Apple Inc, One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA (for all other persons).
Firebase: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (for persons from the European Economic Area and Switzerland) or Google LLC 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (for all other persons) - Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
Once you have logged in with one of your existing accounts, additional registration is no longer required. If you want to use the function, you will first be redirected to the relevant social network. There you will be asked to log in with your login name and password. We do not, of course, take any notice of this login data. The server to which a connection is established may be located in the USA or in other third countries.
By confirming the corresponding log-in button, the relevant social network learns that you have logged into your account on our site and links your social network account with your account in our app. The following data is also transmitted to us:
Facebook login: e-mail address, public profile information (in particular Facebook ID, name, profile picture), possibly other profile information such as age, date of birth, Facebook friends, gender, place of residence, like information, profile URL, locations, posts, photos, videos; cookies used in particular: "_fbsr";
Google Sign-In for Websites: Email address, Google ID, name, profile picture URL, gender and date of birth,
Sign in with Apple: E-mail address (you can also choose the e-mail address of an Apple Relay service), Apple ID
Firebase: e-mail address
The legal basis for this data processing is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. Access to and storage of information in the end device then takes place on the basis of the implementation laws of the ePrivacy Directive of the EU member states, in Germany according to § 25 para. 1 TTDSG.
Your personal data may also be transferred by Meta, Google and Apple to the USA and processed there. Meta Platforms Inc. and Google LLC have joined the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, which is why the transfer in this case is based on the adequacy decision for the USA in accordance with Art. 45 GDPR. Apple is obliged by standard contractual clauses to comply with the level of data protection in the EU.
3.4.1 Use Without Registration
You can use essential functions of our platform without registering. However, the use of these basic functionalities, such as specifying a favorite team and tracking clubs, leagues, associations and players, as well as displaying soccer results and content, requires the processing of personal data.
In order to be able to use the basic functions, we generate a device-specific identification number (pseudonym) when the app is opened for the first time. Information such as the operating system, IP address and server request time is also processed for the technical display of content. The IP addresses are deleted or anonymized after processing, whereby the location is only determined up to the geographical level of the country.
The data in the technical logs are analyzed anonymously in order to improve our platform and correct possible errors. The data processing is based on our legitimate interest in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR to show you content based on your interests (namely clubs, leagues, associations and players).
3.4.2 Settings in the User Account and Operating System
In the privacy settings of the user account, under "Personalized advertising and content, measurement of advertising and content, target group research and development of services", you can specify whether you wish to receive customized advertising.
Personalized advertising will only be displayed if you as a user have reached the required age. The required age varies depending on the country in which you are located and the legal requirements for personalized advertising that apply there.
On mobile devices, you can also deactivate the advertising ID of the respective device and thus prevent personalized advertising. On Android, the Google advertising ID can be reset or deactivated under the settings of the Google account used. On iOS, the IDFA can be reset under the Privacy menu item in the settings ("Reset Ad ID"); this creates a new ID that is not merged with the previously collected data. If you activate the "No ad tracking" option, we can only take limited measures, such as determining unique usage ("unique user") or combating fraud.
3.5 Orders
During an order process (e.g. pay-per-view), we collect the mandatory data required for contract processing:
Salutation;
First and last name;
Date of birth;
E-mail address;
Billing address;
Payment information (e.g. IBAN, credit card, etc.);
Phone number
The legal basis for processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR.
3.6 Newsletter
You have the option of subscribing to our newsletter, in which we regularly inform you about new products and promotions.
3.6.1 Subscribing to the Newsletter
We use the so-called double opt-in procedure to subscribe to our newsletter, i.e. we will only send you newsletters by e-mail if you confirm in our notification e-mail by clicking on a link that you are the owner of the e-mail address provided. If you confirm your e-mail address, we will store your e-mail address, the time of registration and the IP address used for registration until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. The sole purpose of this storage is to send you the newsletter and to be able to prove your registration. In addition, we measure whether our newsletter can be delivered at all.
The legal basis for processing is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. You can withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future by unsubscribing from the newsletter. A corresponding unsubscribe link can be found in every newsletter. A message to the contact details given above or in the newsletter (e.g. by e-mail or letter) is of course also sufficient.
3.6.2 Newsletter Tracking
We want to share content that is as relevant as possible for our users via our newsletter and better understand what they are actually interested in. We therefore use standard market technologies in our newsletters to measure interactions with the newsletters (e.g. opening of the email, links clicked on). We use this data in pseudonymous form for general statistical evaluations and to optimize and further develop our content and user communication. On the one hand, this is done with the help of small graphics embedded in the newsletter (so-called pixels), which establish a connection to the server of the images when the email is opened. On the other hand, we use links where we first register a click on this link and only then forward it to the desired target page.
The legal basis for this is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. The information in the end device is then accessed on the basis of the implementation laws of the ePrivacy Directive of the EU member states, in Germany according to § 25 para. 1 TTDSG. You can revoke your consent to the analysis of user behavior at any time with effect for the future by unsubscribing from the newsletter. You can also prevent the measurement of the opening of an email by deactivating graphics or the output of HTML content in your email program by default.
The data on the interaction with our newsletters is stored pseudonymously for 90 days and then completely anonymized.
3.7 Existing Customer Advertising via E-Mail
If you register with us or make a purchase from us, we will also use your contact details to send you further information about our products and services that is relevant to you by email ("existing customer advertising"). This may include, in particular, news, promotions and offers as well as feedback and other surveys.
The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR in conjunction with Section 7 para. 3 UWG, according to which data processing is permitted to safeguard legitimate interests, insofar as this concerns the storage and further use of the data for advertising purposes. You can object to the use of your data for advertising purposes at any time by clicking on the corresponding link in the emails or by sending a message to the contact details given above (e.g. by email or letter) without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs according to the basic rates.
3.8 Surveys
You have the opportunity to take part in one of our surveys. We use the results of these surveys to improve our service. The legal basis for data processing when participating in the survey is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. We base the sending of the surveys on your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR, provided you have given us this consent.
We use the information and survey responses you provide to better understand your interests and preferences. For this purpose, we analyze your responses to provide you with targeted advertisements that are tailored to your preferences and activities.
This processing of your data is carried out in accordance with the applicable data protection laws. You have the option at any time to object to receiving personalized advertising or to withdraw your consent to the processing of survey results for advertising purposes.
In addition, you can object to the sending of a satisfaction survey and the use of your data for advertising purposes at any time by clicking on the corresponding link in the e-mails or by sending a message to the above-mentioned contact details (e.g. by e-mail or letter) or revoke your consent with effect for the future without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs according to the basic rates.
3.9 Competitions
You can take part in our competitions. In the context of competitions, we use your data for the purpose of running the competition and notifying you of the prize. Detailed information can be found in the conditions of participation for the respective competition or the data protection information. The legal basis for processing is the competition contract (sometimes also referred to as "conditions of participation") in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR. Data processing for other or further purposes, in particular for advertising, is based on your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.
We base the sending of the offer to participate in the competition on your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR, provided you have given us this consent.
You can object to the sending of an offer to participate in competitions and the use of your data for advertising purposes at any time by using a corresponding link in the e-mails or by sending a message to the contact details above (e.g. by e-mail or letter) or revoke your consent with effect for the future without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs according to the basic rates.
3.10 Applications
You can find the privacy policy for applications here:
https://static.onefootball.com/legal/recruiting-privacy-policy/en
3.11 Fan Shop
3.11.1 Data collection and transfer to sellers
You can purchase products from third parties in our Fan Shop. The selection and display of products are not contextual and does not involve profiling. The seller’s information is available on the product page. We will forward your order, including the personal information collected during the order process and your email address, to the seller.
The seller will then process this data independently to fulfill your order and for commercial purposes, such as accounting and record-keeping. We will receive updates from the seller about the delivery status to ensure the contract fulfilment and, if applicable, about any cancellation. The legal basis for the data processing is the performance of the contract (Art. 6 I 1 lit. b DSGVO).
More information about the sellers and links to their privacy policies can be found at the following links:
Name:
eleven teamsports  GmbH, Germany
Address:
https://www.11teamsports.com/de-de/11teamsports/impressum/
Privacy Information:
https://www.11teamsports.com/de-de/informationen/datenschutz/
3.11.2 Data Collection by the Payment Service Provider
A payment service provider is involved in the payment process. We transmit the payable amount to this provider, which then independently collects your payment data (e.g., credit card number). This data is not shared with OneFootball or the seller; we only receive confirmation of successful payment. In the case of a cancellation or other valid return, any refund will also be processed through the payment provider. The legal basis for this is contract fulfillment (Art. 6 I 1 lit. b DSGVO). For further information, please refer to the payment provider's privacy information:
Stripe Payments Europe, Ltd., Ireland
Address
:
https://stripe.com/de/legal/imprint
Privacy Information
:
https://stripe.com/de/privacy
4. Use of tools
4.1 Technologies Used
The app uses various services and applications (collectively "tools") that are offered either by us or by third parties. These include, in particular, tools that use technologies to store or access information in the end device:
Cookies:
Information stored on the end device, consisting in particular of a name, a value, the storing domain and an expiration date. So-called session cookies (e.g. PHPSESSID) are deleted after the session, while so-called persistent cookies are deleted after the specified expiration date. Cookies can also be removed manually.
Web storage (local storage / session storage):
information stored on the end device, consisting of a name and a value. Information in session storage is deleted after the session, while information in local storage has no expiration date and remains stored unless a mechanism for deletion has been set up (e.g. storage of a local storage with a time entry). Information in local and session storage can also be removed manually.
JavaScript:
programming codes (scripts) embedded or called up in the app that, for example, set cookies and web storage or actively collect information from the end device or about the usage behavior of visitors. JavaScript may be used for "active fingerprinting" and the creation of user profiles. JavaScript can be blocked by a setting in the end device, although most services will then no longer work.
Pixel:
tiny graphic automatically loaded by a service that can make it possible to recognize visitors by automatically transmitting the usual connection data (in particular IP address, information about the browser, operating system, language, address called up and time of the call) and, for example, to determine whether an email has been opened or a website visited. With the help of pixels, "passive fingerprinting" and the creation of user profiles can be carried out. The use of pixels can be prevented, for example, by blocking images, such as in emails, although the display is then severely restricted.
TC-String:
For providers participating in the Transparency and Consent Framework ("TCF") of the Interactive Advertising Bureau ("IAB"), user preferences recorded in a content management platform are encoded and stored in a sequence of letters and numbers, the so-called Transparency and Consent String ("TC-String"). With the help of this TC-String, providers can display targeted advertising to users.
With the help of these technologies and also by simply establishing a connection on a page, so-called "fingerprints" can be created, i.e. usage profiles that do not require the use of cookies or web storage and can still recognize visitors. Fingerprints based on the connection setup cannot be completely prevented manually.
Most browsers are set by default to accept cookies, the execution of scripts and the display of graphics. However, you can usually adjust your browser settings so that all or certain cookies are rejected or scripts and graphics are blocked. If you completely block the storage of cookies, the display of graphics and the execution of scripts, our services may not work or may not work properly.
In the following, the tools we use are listed by category, whereby we inform you in particular about the providers of the tools, the storage duration of cookies or information in local storage and session storage as well as the transfer of data to third parties. We also explain in which cases we obtain your voluntary consent to use the tools and how you can withdraw this consent.
4.2 Legal Basis and Withdrawal
4.2.1 Legal Basis
We use tools necessary for the app on the basis of our legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR in order to provide the basic functions of our app. In certain cases, these tools may also be required for the fulfillment of a contract or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures, in which case the processing is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR. Access to and storage of information in the end device is absolutely necessary in these cases and is carried out on the basis of the implementation laws of the ePrivacy Directive of the EU member states, in Germany according to § 25 para. 2 TTDSG.
If personal data is transferred to third countries, we refer you to Section 7 ("Data transfer to third countries"), also with regard to any associated risks. We will inform you if an adequacy decision exists for the third country in question or if standard contractual clauses or other guarantees have been concluded for the use of certain tools. If you have given your consent to the use of certain tools and the associated transfer of your personal data to third countries, we will (also) transfer the data processed when using the tools to third countries on the basis of this consent in accordance with Art. 49 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.
4.2.2 Obtaining Your Consent
To obtain and manage your consent, we use the OneTrust tool from OneTrust, LLC, 1200 Abernathy Rd, Suite 700, Atlanta, Georgia 30328 ("OneTrust") as a consent management platform ("CMP"). This generates a banner that informs you about the data processing in our app and gives you the opportunity to consent to all, individual or no data processing using optional tools. This banner appears when you open our app and when you call up your settings again to change them or revoke your consent. The banner also appears when you open our app again if you have deactivated the storage of cookies or the cookies or information in the local storage have been deleted or have expired.
When you use the app, your consents or revocations, your IP address, information about your device and the time of your visit are transmitted to OneTrust. In addition, the necessary information is stored on your device to document the consents given and revocations ("Cookielaw by OneTrust (formerly Optanaon)".
Data processing is necessary to provide you with the legally required consent management and to fulfill our documentation obligations. The legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR, justified by our interest in fulfilling the legal requirements for consent management. Access to and storage of information in the end device is absolutely necessary in these cases and is carried out on the basis of the implementation laws of the ePrivacy Directive of the EU member states, in Germany according to § 25 para. 2 TTDSG.
4.2.3 Withdrawal your Consent or changing your selection
You can withdrawal your consent for certain tools, i.e. for the storage and access to information in the end device, the processing of your personal data and the transfer of your data to third countries, at any time with effect for the future. To do this, click on "Privacy settings" under "Settings". There you can also change the selection of tools you wish to consent to the use of and obtain additional information on the tools used. Alternatively, you can assert your revocation directly with the provider for certain tools.
4.3 IAB Transparency and Consent Framework
When using OneTrust, the current version of the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework ("TCF") standard is observed, which specifies conclusive categories of processing purposes and the associated legal bases. TCF also enables your decisions made in the CMP, such as consents, revocations and objections, to be forwarded directly to the providers of the technologies in the CMP. The so-called TC string is used for this purpose. This ensures that your current request is always observed and complied with by the providers.
The following user data is transmitted to OneTrust when using the app: consents, revocations and objections, IP address, information about the browser, end device and the time of the visit.
4.4 Essential Tools
We use certain tools to enable the basic functions of our website ("essential tools"). These include, for example, tools to prepare and display website content, to manage and integrate tools, to provide payment processing services, to detect and prevent fraud and to ensure the security of our website. Without these tools, we would not be able to provide our service. Therefore, essential tools are used without consent.
The legal basis for essential tools is the necessity to fulfill our legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR in the provision of the respective basic functions and the operation of our app. In cases where the provision of the respective functions is necessary for the performance of a contract or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures, the legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR. Access to and storage of information in the end device is absolutely necessary in these cases and is carried out on the basis of the implementation laws of the ePrivacy Directive of the EU member states, in Germany according to § 25 para. 2 TTDSG.
4.4.1 Own Tools
We use our own necessary tools that access information in the end device or store information on the end device, in particular:
for login authentication,
for load distribution,
to save your language settings,
to note that information placed on our website has been displayed to you - so that it will not be displayed again the next time you visit the website.
4.5 Functional Tools
We also use optional tools to improve the user experience of our app and to offer you more functions ("functional tools"). Although these are not absolutely necessary for the basic functions of the app, they can offer users considerable advantages, particularly in terms of user-friendliness and the provision of additional communication, display or payment channels. This can include, in particular, the integration of external content such as maps and videos as well as logging in via an existing social network account or, for example, a comment function.
The legal basis for the functional tools is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. Access to and storage of information in the end device then takes place on the basis of the implementation laws of the ePrivacy Directive of the EU member states, in Germany according to § 25 para. 1 TTDSG. To withdraw your consent, see 4.2.3: "Withdrawing your consent or changing your selection".
In the event that personal data is transferred to third countries, we refer to Section 7 ("Data transfer to third countries") in addition to the information provided below.
4.6 Analysis Tools
In order to improve our services, we use optional tools to recognize visitors and to statistically record and analyze general usage behavior based on access data ("analysis tools"). We also use analysis services to evaluate the use of our various marketing channels. The usage information collected is processed and enables us to understand the usage habits of our users. This helps us to adapt and optimize the design of our website and app and to make the user experience more pleasant.
The legal basis for the analysis tools is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. Access to and storage of information in the end device then takes place on the basis of the implementation laws of the ePrivacy Directive of the EU member states, in Germany according to § 25 para. 1 TTDSG. To withdraw your consent, see 4.2.3: "Withdrawing your consent or changing your selection".
In the event that personal data is transferred to third countries, we refer to Section 7 ("Data transfer to third countries") in addition to the information provided below.
4.7 Marketing Tools
We also use optional tools for advertising purposes ("marketing tools"). Some of the access data collected when you use our app is used to create usage profiles, which in particular store your usage behavior, the advertisements you have viewed or clicked on and, based on this, the classification into advertising categories, interests and preferences. By analyzing and evaluating this access data, we are able to present you with personalized advertising, i.e. advertising that corresponds to your actual interests and needs, on our website and in our app and on the websites and services of other providers. We also analyse your usage behaviour in order to recognize you on other sites and to address you in a personalized manner based on your use of our site (so-called retargeting). In addition, we evaluate the effectiveness and success of our advertising campaigns (in particular so-called conversions and leads).
Additionally, we conduct surveys to better understand your interests and preferences, allowing us to continuously improve our services and products and ensure a personalized user experience. The information collected through these surveys is used to create and enhance usage profiles, enabling personalized advertising. Before participating in a survey, you will be informed about the purpose of data processing and must provide explicit consent. Participation in these surveys is voluntary. For more information on surveys, please refer to Section 3.8 of this Privacy Policy.
The legal basis for processing is your consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR. You can withdraw your consent at any time with future effect by contacting us via the contact details provided above (e.g., by email or letter). This will incur no costs beyond the basic transmission fees
Marketing tools also include optional social network tools that are used to share posts and content via these networks ("social media plugins").
The legal basis for the marketing tools is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. Access to and storage of information in the end device then takes place on the basis of the implementation laws of the ePrivacy Directive of the EU member states, in Germany according to § 25 para. 1 TTDSG. To withdraw your consent, see 4.2.3: "Withdrawing your consent or changing your selection".
In the event that personal data is transferred to third countries, we refer to Section 7 ("Data transfer to third countries") in addition to the information provided below.
In the following section, we would like to explain the tools and the providers used in more detail and the data collected. The following tools and provider are used for these purposes:
“Matchmaker” Tool provided by Permutive Limited, 145 City Road, London EC1V1AW, United Kingdom, Link to Permutive’s
Privacy Policy
and contact information:
privacy@permutive.com
. Permutive Limited provides data management and audience segmentation services that enables us to analyze and activate user data in a privacy-compliant manner. Their platform uses real-time, first-party data to help us deliver targeted advertising without relying on third-party cookies.
The data collected may include in particular:
the IP address of the device;
the information of a cookie and in local or session storage;
the device identifier of mobile devices (e.g. device ID, advertising ID);
Referrer URL (previously visited page);
Pages accessed (date, time, URL, title, duration of visit);
Downloaded files;
Clicked links to other websites;
Information from surveys, such as user preferences and interests;
if applicable, achievement of certain goals (conversions);
Technical information: Operating system; browser type, version and language; device type, make, model and resolution;
Approximate location (country and city if applicable).
However, the data collected is only stored under a pseudonym, so that no direct conclusions can be drawn about individuals.
4.8 Purposes, Functions and Service Providers
Processing purposes and functions, as well as the individual providers ("suppliers") can be viewed in the CMP, which can be accessed in the settings under "Data protection settings".
5. Online Presence in Social Networks
We maintain an online presence on social networks in order to communicate with customers and interested parties and to provide information about our products and services. User data is generally processed by the relevant social networks for market research and advertising purposes. This allows user profiles to be created based on the interests of users. Cookies and other identifiers are stored on the computers of the data subjects for this purpose. Based on these user profiles, advertisements are then placed within the social networks and on third-party websites, for example.
As part of the operation of our online presences, we may have access to information such as statistics on the use of our online presences provided by the social networks. These statistics are aggregated and may contain, in particular, demographic information (e.g. age, gender, region, country) and data on interaction with our online presence (e.g. likes, subscriptions, sharing, viewing images and videos) and the posts and content distributed via it. This may also provide information about the interests of users and which content and topics are particularly relevant to them. This information can also be used by us to adapt the design and our activities and content on the online presence and to optimize it for our audience. Please refer to the list below for details and links to the social network data that we can access as the operator of the online presence. The collection and use of these statistics is generally subject to joint responsibility. Where this applies, the relevant contract is listed below.
The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR, based on our legitimate interest in effective information and communication with users, or Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR, in order to stay in contact with our users and to inform them and to carry out pre-contractual measures with interested parties.
If you have an account with the social network, it is possible that we can see your publicly available information and media when we access your profile. In addition, the social network may allow us to contact you. This can take place, for example, via direct messages or posted contributions. The content of communication via the social network and the processing of content data is the responsibility of the social network as a messenger and platform service. As soon as we transfer personal data from you to our own systems or process it further, we are independently responsible for this and this is done to carry out pre-contractual measures and to fulfill a contract in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR.
The legal basis for the data processing carried out by the social networks on their own responsibility can be found in the data protection information of the respective social network. Under the links below you will also find further information on the respective data processing and the options to object.
We would like to point out that data protection requests can be made most efficiently with the respective provider of the social network, as only these providers have access to the data and can take appropriate measures directly. You can of course also contact us with your request. In this case, we will process your request and forward it to the provider of the social network.
Below is a list with information on the social networks on which we have an online presence:
Facebook (Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, Serpentine Avenue, Block J, Dublin 4, Ireland)
Operation of the Facebook fan page under joint responsibility on the basis of an agreement on joint processing of personal data (so-called Page Insights addendum regarding the controller):
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum
Information on the processed Page Insights data and how to contact us in the event of data protection inquiries:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data
Privacy policy:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
Opt-out:
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
.
Instagram (Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, Serpentine Avenue, Block J, Dublin 4, Ireland)
Instagram Business account on the basis of an agreement on joint processing of personal data (so-called Page Insights addendum regarding the controller):
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum
Information on the processed Page Insights data and how to contact us in the event of data protection inquiries:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data
Privacy policy:
https://privacycenter.instagram.com/policy/
Opt-out (declaration):
https://de-de.facebook.com/help/instagram/2885653514995517?locale=de_DE
Google/YouTube (Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland)
Privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Opt-out:
https://www.google.com/settings/ads
OneFootball uses the YouTube API services to integrate YouTube videos into the OneFootball platform. You can find more information in Google's privacy policy at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
X (Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07 Ireland)
Privacy policy:
https://twitter.com/de/privacy
Opt-out:
https://twitter.com/personalization
LinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland)
Operation of the LinkedIn company page under joint responsibility on the basis of an agreement on the joint processing of personal data (so-called Page Insights Joint Controller Addendum):
https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum
Information on the processed Page Insights data and how to contact us in the event of data protection inquiries:
https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum
Privacy Policy:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Opt-out:
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out
6. Data Disclosure
The data collected by us will only be passed on if there is a legal basis for this under data protection law in the specific case, in particular if:
you have given your express consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR,
the disclosure pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR is necessary for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims and there is no reason to assume that you have an overriding interest worthy of protection in not disclosing your data,
we are legally obliged to disclose data in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c GDPR, in particular if this is necessary for legal prosecution or enforcement due to official inquiries, court orders and legal proceedings, or
this is legally permissible and required under Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR for the processing of contractual relationships with you or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures that are carried out at your request.
Some of the data processing may be carried out by our service providers. In addition to the service providers mentioned in this privacy policy, these may include, in particular, data centers that store our website and databases, software providers, IT service providers that maintain our systems, agencies, market research companies, group companies and consulting firms. If we pass on data to our service providers, they may only use the data to fulfill their tasks. The service providers have been carefully selected and commissioned by us. They are contractually bound by our instructions, have suitable technical and organizational measures in place to protect the rights of the data subjects and are regularly monitored by us.
7. Data Transfer to Third Countries
As explained in this privacy policy, we use services whose providers are partly located in so-called third countries (outside the European Union or the European Economic Area) or process personal data there, i.e. countries whose level of data protection does not correspond to that of the European Union. If this is the case and the European Commission has not issued an adequacy decision for these countries (Art. 45 GDPR), we have taken appropriate precautions to ensure an adequate level of data protection for any data transfers. These include the standard contractual clauses of the European Union or binding internal data protection regulations.
Where this is not possible, we base the transfer of data on exceptions under Art. 49 GDPR, in particular your express consent or the necessity of the transfer for the fulfillment of the contract or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures.
If a transfer to a third country is planned and there is no adequacy decision or suitable guarantees, it is possible and there is a risk that authorities in the respective third country (e.g. secret services) may gain access to the transferred data in order to collect and analyze it, and that the enforceability of your data subject rights cannot be guaranteed. When obtaining your consent via the consent banner, you will also be informed of this.
8. OneFootball Partner Marketing
In the course of registering on the OneFootball platform and, if applicable, later in the course of use, you can consent to 'OneFootball Partner Marketing'. OneFootball cooperates with a large number of well-known partners, including clubs, leagues, associations or advertising and technical service providers ("OneFootball partners"). You can find a detailed list of our OneFootball partners and their contact details on our '
OneFootball Partner Website
'.
If you give your consent to 'OneFootball Partner Marketing', OneFootball is authorized to pass on the following information of your user account to the OneFootball partners:
Name,
E-mail address,
Salutation (if known),
Date of birth (if known),
Gender (if known),
Favorite club (if known)
IP-address (if known).
In addition, you agree that the OneFootball partners may contact you by e-mail for the following marketing purposes: Product and event information, exclusive promotions, competitions, offers, information from advertising partners of OneFootball partners and birthday mailings.
The processing and transmission of your data is based on your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. You can of course withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future. To revoke your consent, please click on "Manage consent" in the settings of your user profile and press the 'OneFootball Partner Marketing' button. Alternatively, you can also inform us of your revocation at any time in writing by e-mail to
privacy@onefootball.com
or via the contact form on our website or by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the relevant newsletter.
9. Storage Duration
In principle, we only store personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected the data. We then delete the data immediately, unless we still need the data until the expiry of the statutory limitation period for evidence purposes for civil law claims, due to statutory retention obligations or there is another legal basis under data protection law for the continued processing of your data in the specific individual case.
For evidence purposes, we must retain contract data in particular for three years from the end of the year in which the business relationship with you ends. Any claims expire at the earliest at this time in accordance with the statutory limitation period.
Even after this, we still have to store some of your data for accounting reasons. We are obliged to do so due to statutory documentation obligations that may arise from the German Commercial Code, the German Fiscal Code, the German Banking Act, the German Money Laundering Act and the German Securities Trading Act. The periods specified there for the retention of documents are two to ten years.
10. Your Rights, Particularly Withdrawal and Objection
You are entitled to the data subject rights formulated in Art. 7 para. 3, Art. 15 - 21 at any time if the respective legal requirements are met:
Right to withdraw your consent (Art. 7 (3) GDPR);
Right to object to the processing of your personal data (Art. 21 GDPR);
Right to information about your personal data processed by us (Art. 15 GDPR);
Right to rectification of your incorrect personal data stored by us (Art. 16 GDPR);
Right to erasure of your personal data (Art. 17 GDPR);
Right to restriction of processing of your personal data (Art. 18 GDPR);
Right to data portability of your personal data (Art. 20 GDPR).
To assert your rights described here, you can contact us at any time using the contact details above. This also applies if you wish to receive copies of guarantees to demonstrate an adequate level of data protection. If the relevant legal requirements are met, we will comply with your data protection request.
Your requests to assert data protection rights and our responses to them will be stored for documentation purposes for a period of up to three years and, in individual cases, beyond this period if there is reason to assert, exercise or defend legal claims. The legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR, based on our interest in the defense against any civil claims under Art. 82 GDPR, the avoidance of fines under Art. 83 GDPR and the fulfillment of our accountability under Art. 5 para. 2 GDPR.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. As a result, we will no longer continue the data processing that was based on this consent in the future. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
If we process your data on the basis of legitimate interests, you have the right to object to the processing of your data at any time on grounds relating to your particular situation. If it concerns an objection to data processing for direct marketing purposes, you have a general right of objection, which we will implement without you having to give any reasons.
If you wish to exercise your right of withdrawal or objection, simply send an informal message to the contact details above.
Finally, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority in accordance with Art. 77 GDPR. You can assert this right, for example, with a supervisory authority in the Member State of your place of residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement. In Berlin, where we are based, the competent supervisory authority is Berlin Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information, Alt-Moabit 59-61, 10555 Berlin.
11. Changes to the Privacy Policy
We occasionally update this privacy policy, for example if we adapt our app or if the legal or regulatory requirements change.
Version: 2/2024
Status: October 2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://static.onefootball.com/legal/consumer-web-privacy-policy/en:
PRIVACY POLICY (Website)
In this privacy policy we inform you about the processing of personal data and about the access and storage of information on your end device when using our website
onefootball.com
.
Content of this privacy policy:
Responsible and contact person
Data processing on our website
Accessing our website / connection data
Making contact
Registration
Orders
Newsletter
Existing customer acquisition by e-mail
Surveys
Sweepstakes
Applications
Use of tools
Technologies used
Legal basis and revocation
IAB Transparency and Consent Framework
Necessary tools
Functional tools
Analysis tools
Marketing tools
Processing purposes, functions and service providers
Online presence in social networks
Data Sharing
Data transfer to third countries
Storage duration
Your rights
Changes to the privacy policy
1. Responsible and contact person
The contact person and so-called controller for the processing of your personal data when you visit this website within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is:
OneFootball GmbH
Donaustraße 44
12043 Berlin
Germany
If you have any questions about data protection in connection with the use of our website, OneFootball support and the OneFootball TV app (hereinafter referred to as OneFootball services), you can also contact our external data protection officer at any time. This can be contacted at the above postal address and by email at
privacy@onefootball.com
(keyword: "Attn. data protection officer"). We expressly point out that if you use this email address, the content will not be viewed exclusively by our data protection officer. If you wish to exchange confidential information, we therefore ask that you first contact us directly via this e-mail address.
2. Data processing on our website
2.1 Accessing our website / connection data
Each time you use our website, we process connection data that your browser automatically transmits to enable you to visit the website. This connection data comprises the so-called HTTP header information, including the user agent, and includes in particular
IP address of the requesting device;
Method (e.g. GET, POST), date and time of the request;
Address of the requested website and path of the requested file;
if applicable, the previously accessed website/file (HTTP referrer);
Information about the browser and operating system used;
Version of the HTTP protocol, HTTP status code, size of the delivered file;
Request information such as language, type of content, encoding of content, character sets;
Cookies stored on the end device of the domain called up.
The data processing of this connection data is absolutely necessary to enable the visit to the website, to ensure the permanent functionality and security of our systems and to maintain our website in general for administrative purposes. The connection data is also stored in internal log files for the purposes described above, temporarily and limited in content to what is absolutely necessary, in order to find the cause and take action in the event of repeated or criminal calls that jeopardise the stability and security of our website.
The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR, provided that the page visit is made in the course of the initiation or execution of a contract, and otherwise Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR due to our legitimate interest in enabling website access and the permanent functionality and security of our systems.
2.2 Contact us
You have various options for getting in touch with us. These include the contact form and the e-mail address
feedback@onefootball.com
. In this context, we process your data exclusively for the purpose of communicating with you.
The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR, insofar as your details are required to answer your enquiry or to initiate or execute a contract, and otherwise Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR due to our legitimate interest in you contacting us and us being able to answer your enquiry.
The data collected by us when you contact us will be automatically deleted after your enquiry has been fully processed, unless we still need your enquiry to fulfil contractual or legal obligations (see section 7 "Storage duration").
2.3 Registration
You have the option of registering with an account for our login area in order to be able to use the full range of functions on our website. We have highlighted the data that you are required to enter as mandatory fields. Registration is not possible without this data.
You will need to enter your e-mail address and password.
The following data may be processed as part of the registration process:
Salutation, gender (optional);
First and last name (optional);
Date of birth (optional);
Profile picture (optional)
The legal basis for processing the data required for registration (mandatory fields) is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR. For all other data, the legal basis is our legitimate interest in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR to enable the individualisation, adaptation and modification of your account, or your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR, insofar as you have given us this.
Our website offers you the option of logging in with an existing account on the social networks listed below:
Facebook Login: Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, Serpentine Avenue, Block J, Dublin 4, Ireland (for persons outside the USA and Canada) or Meta Platforms Inc, 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA (for persons from the USA and Canada) - Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
;
Google Sign-In for Websites: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (for persons from the European Economic Area and Switzerland) or Google LLC 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (for all other persons) - Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
;
Register with Apple: Apple Distribution International ltd, Hollyhill Industrial Estate, Hollyhill Cork, Republic of Ireland (for persons from the European Economic Area and Switzerland) or Apple Inc, One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA (for all other persons).
Once you have logged in with one of your existing accounts, additional registration is no longer required. If you want to use the function, you will first be redirected to the relevant social network. There you will be asked to log in with your login name and password. Of course, we do not take any notice of this login data. The server to which a connection is established may be located in the USA or in other third countries.
By confirming the corresponding login button on our website, the relevant social network will be informed that you have logged in to your account on our site and will link your social network account to your account on our website. The following data is also transmitted to us:
Facebook login: e-mail address, public profile information (in particular Facebook ID, name, profile picture), possibly other profile information such as age, date of birth, Facebook friends, gender, place of residence, like information, profile URL, locations, posts, photos, videos; cookies used in particular: "fbsr";
Google Sign-In for Websites: Email address, Google ID, name, profile picture URL, gender and date of birth;
Sign in with Apple: E-mail address (you can also choose the e-mail address of an Apple Relay service), Apple ID
The legal basis for this data processing is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. Access to and storage of information in the end device then takes place on the basis of the implementation laws of the ePrivacy Directive of the EU member states, in Germany according to § 25 para. 1 TTDSG.
Your personal data may also be transferred by Meta, Google and Apple to the USA and processed there. Meta Platforms Inc. and Google LLC have joined the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, which is why the transfer in this case is based on the adequacy decision for the USA in accordance with Art. 45 GDPR. Apple is obliged by standard contractual clauses to comply with the level of data protection in the EU.
2.3.1 Use without registration
You can also use essential functions of our platform without registering. However, the use of these basic functionalities, such as specifying a favourite team and tracking clubs, leagues, associations and players, as well as displaying football results and content, requires the processing of personal data.
In order to be able to use the basic functionalities, we generate a device-specific identification number (pseudonym) when the website is opened for the first time. Information such as the operating system, IP address and server request time is also processed for the technical display of content. The IP addresses are deleted or anonymised after processing, whereby the location is only determined up to the geographical level of the country.
The data in the technical logs is analysed anonymously in order to improve our platform and correct possible errors. The data processing is based on our legitimate interest in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR to display your content based on your interests (namely clubs, leagues, associations and players).
2.4 Orders
During an order process (e.g. pay-per-view), we collect the mandatory data required for contract processing:
Salutation;
First name and surname;
Date of birth;
E-mail address;
Invoice address;
Payment information (e.g. IBAN, credit card, etc.);
Telephone number
GPS data, if applicable
The legal basis for processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR.
2.5 Newsletter
You have the option of subscribing to our newsletter, in which we regularly inform you about new products and promotions.
2.5.1 Subscribe to the newsletter
We use the so-called double opt-in procedure to subscribe to our newsletter, i.e. we will only send you newsletters by e-mail if you confirm in our notification e-mail by clicking on a link that you are the owner of the e-mail address provided. If you confirm your e-mail address, we will store your e-mail address, the time of registration and the IP address used for registration until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. The sole purpose of this storage is to send you the newsletter and to be able to prove your registration. In addition, we measure whether our newsletter can be delivered at all.
The legal basis for processing is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. You can withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future by unsubscribing from the newsletter. A corresponding unsubscribe link can be found in every newsletter. A message to the contact details given above or in the newsletter (e.g. by e-mail or letter) is of course also sufficient.
2.5.2 Newsletter tracking
We want to share content that is as relevant as possible for our users via our newsletter and better understand what you are actually interested in. We therefore use standard market technologies in our newsletters to measure interactions with the newsletters (e.g. opening of the email, links clicked on). We use this data in pseudonymous form for general statistical evaluations and to optimise and further develop our content and customer communication. On the one hand, this is done with the help of small graphics embedded in the newsletter (so-called pixels), which establish a connection to the server of the images when the e-mail is opened. On the other hand, we use links where we first register a click on this link and only then forward it to the desired target page.
The legal basis for this is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. The information in the end device is then accessed on the basis of the implementation laws of the ePrivacy Directive of the EU member states, in Germany according to § 25 para. 1 TTDSG. You can revoke your consent to the analysis of user behaviour at any time with effect for the future by unsubscribing from the newsletter. You can also prevent the measurement of the opening of an email by deactivating graphics or the output of HTML content in your email programme by default.
The data on the interaction with our newsletters is stored pseudonymously for 90 days and then completely anonymised.
2.6 Existing customer acquisition by e-mail
If you register with us or make a purchase from us, we will also use your contact details to send you further information about our products and services that is relevant to you by email ("existing customer advertising"). This may include, in particular, news, promotions and offers as well as feedback and other surveys.
The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR in conjunction with Section 7 para. 3 UWG, according to which data processing is permitted to safeguard legitimate interests, insofar as this concerns the storage and further use of data for advertising purposes. You can object to the use of your data for advertising purposes at any time by clicking on the corresponding link in the emails or by sending a message to the contact details given above (e.g. by email or letter) without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs according to the basic rates.
2.7 Surveys
You have the opportunity to take part in one of our surveys. We use the results of these surveys to improve our service.
The legal basis for data processing when participating in the survey is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. We base the sending of the surveys on your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR, provided that you have given us this consent.
You can object to the sending of a satisfaction survey and the use of your data for advertising purposes at any time by clicking on the corresponding link in the e-mails or by sending a message to the above-mentioned contact details (e.g. by e-mail or letter) or revoke your consent with effect for the future without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs according to the basic rates.
2.8 Competitions
You have the opportunity to take part in our competitions.
In the context of competitions, we use your data for the purpose of organising the competition and notifying you of the prize. Detailed information can be found in the conditions of participation for the respective competition. The legal basis for processing is the competition contract in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR. Data processing for other or further purposes, in particular for advertising, is based on your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.
We base the sending of the offer to participate in the competition on your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR, provided you have given us this consent.
You can object to the sending of an offer to participate in competitions and the use of your data for advertising purposes at any time by clicking on the corresponding link in the emails or by sending a message to the above-mentioned contact details (e.g. by email or letter) or revoke your consent with effect for the future without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs according to the basic rates.
2.9 Applications
You can find the privacy policy for applications here:
Privacy Policy (Recruiting)
3. Use of tools
3.1 Technologies used
This website uses various services and applications (collectively "tools") that are offered either by us or by third parties. These include, in particular, tools that use technologies to store or access information in the end device:
Cookies: Information stored on the end device, consisting in particular of a name, a value, the storing domain and an expiry date. So-called session cookies (e.g. PHPSESSID) are deleted after the session, while so-called persistent cookies are deleted after the specified expiry date. Cookies can also be removed manually.
Web storage (local storage / session storage): Information stored on the end device, consisting of a name and a value. Information in session storage is deleted after the session, while information in local storage has no expiry date and remains stored unless a mechanism for deletion has been set up (e.g. storage of a local storage with a time entry). Information in local and session storage can also be deleted manually.
JavaScript: programming codes (scripts) embedded or called up in the website that, for example, set cookies and web storage or actively collect information from the end device or about the user behaviour of visitors. JavaScript may be used for "active fingerprinting" and the creation of user profiles. JavaScript can be blocked by a setting in the browser, although most services will then no longer work.
Pixel: A tiny graphic automatically loaded by a service that can make it possible to recognise visitors by automatically transmitting the usual connection data (in particular IP address, information about the browser, operating system, language, address called up and time of the call) and, for example, to determine whether an email has been opened or a website visited. With the help of pixels, "passive fingerprinting" and the creation of user profiles can be carried out. The use of pixels can be prevented, for example, by blocking images, such as in emails, although the display is then severely restricted.
TC-String: For providers participating in the Transparency and Consent Framework ("TCF") of the Interactive Advertising Bureau ("IAB"), user preferences recorded in a content management platform are coded and stored in a sequence of letters and numbers, the so-called Transparency and Consent String ("TC-String"). Providers can use this TC string to display targeted advertising to users.
With the help of these technologies and also by simply establishing a connection on a page, it may be possible to create so-called "fingerprints", i.e. user profiles that do not require the use of cookies or web storage but can still recognise visitors. Fingerprints based on the connection setup cannot be completely prevented manually.
Most browsers are set by default to accept cookies, the execution of scripts and the display of graphics. However, you can usually adjust your browser settings so that all or certain cookies are rejected or scripts and graphics are blocked. If you completely block the storage of cookies, the display of graphics and the execution of scripts, our services may not work or may not work properly.
In the following, the tools we use are listed according to category, whereby we inform you in particular about the providers of the tools, the storage duration of cookies or information in local storage and session storage as well as the transfer of data to third parties. We also explain in which cases we obtain your voluntary consent to use the tools and how you can withdraw this consent.
3.2 Legal basis and cancellation
3.2.1 Legal basis
We use tools necessary for website operation on the basis of our legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR in order to provide the basic functions of our website. In certain cases, these tools may also be necessary for the fulfilment of a contract or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures, in which case the processing is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR. Access to and storage of information in the end device is absolutely necessary in these cases and is carried out on the basis of the implementation laws of the ePrivacy Directive of the EU member states, in Germany according to § 25 para. 2 TTDSG.
We use all other non-essential (optional) tools that provide additional functions on the basis of your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. These include, for example, tools that are used to recognise users and to statistically record and analyse general user behaviour on this and other websites. With the help of these tools, we can understand usage habits and adapt and optimise this website. They also include, for example, tools that are used to create user profiles about user behaviour and the advertisements and content viewed or clicked on by users. This enables classification into advertising categories, the display of personalised advertising and content on this and other websites and retargeting with advertising on other websites. The access to and storage of information in the end device then takes place on the basis of the implementation laws of the ePrivacy Directive of the EU member states, in Germany according to § 25 para. 1 TTDSG. Data processing using these tools only takes place if we have received your consent for this in advance.
If personal data is transferred to third countries, we refer, also with regard to any associated risks, to Section 6 ("Data transfer to third countries"). We will inform you if an adequacy decision exists for the third country in question or if standard contractual clauses or other guarantees have been concluded for the use of certain tools. If you have given your consent to the use of certain tools and the associated transfer of your personal data to third countries, we will (also) transfer the data processed when using the tools to third countries on the basis of this consent in accordance with Art. 49 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.
3.2.2 Obtaining your consent
To obtain and manage your consent, we use the consent management platform ("CMP") tool OneTrust from OneTrust, LLC, 1200 Abernathy Rd, Suite 700, Atlanta, Georgia 30328 ("OneTrust"). This generates a banner that informs you about the data processing on our website and gives you the opportunity to consent to all, individual or no data processing using optional tools. This banner appears when you visit our website and when you call up the selection of your settings again in order to change them or revoke your consent. The banner will also appear on subsequent visits to our website if you have deactivated the storage of cookies or if the cookies or information in the local storage have been deleted or have expired.
As part of your website visit, your consent or revocation, your IP address, information about your browser, your device and the time of your visit are transmitted to OneTrust. In addition, necessary information is stored on your device to document your consents and revocations ("Cookielaw by OneTrust (formerly Optanaon)").
Data processing is necessary to provide you with the legally required consent management and to fulfil our documentation obligations. The legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR, justified by our interest in fulfilling the legal requirements for consent management. Access to and storage of information in the end device is absolutely necessary in these cases and is carried out on the basis of the implementation laws of the ePrivacy Directive of the EU member states, in Germany according to § 25 para. 2 TTDSG.
3.2.3 Revoking your consent or changing your selection
You can revoke your consent for certain tools, i.e. for the storage and access to information in the end device, the processing of your personal data and the transfer of your data to third countries, at any time with effect for the future. To do this, click on the following link/button:
Einstellungen | OneFootball
please click on "Privacy settings" on the bottom of the side. There you can also change the selection of tools you wish to consent to the use of and obtain additional information on the tools used. Alternatively, you can assert your cancellation directly with the provider for certain tools.
3.3 IAB Transparency and Consent Framework
When using OneTrust, the current version of the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework ("TCF") standard is observed, which specifies conclusive categories of processing purposes and the associated legal bases. TCF also enables your decisions made in the CMP, such as consents, revocations and objections, to be forwarded directly to the providers of the technologies in the CMP. The so-called TC string is used for this purpose. This ensures that your current request is always honoured and complied with by the providers.
The following user data is transmitted to OneTrust as part of the website visit: Consents, revocations and objections, IP address, information about the browser, end device and the time of the visit.
3.4 Necessary tools
We use certain tools to enable the basic functions of our website ("necessary tools"). These include, for example, tools to prepare and display website content, to manage and integrate tools, to provide payment processing services, to detect and prevent fraud and to ensure the security of our website. Without these tools, we would not be able to provide our service. Therefore, necessary tools are used without consent.
The legal basis for necessary tools is the necessity to fulfil our legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR in the provision of the respective basic functions and the operation of our website. In cases where the provision of the respective website functions is necessary for the fulfilment of a contract or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures, the legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR. Access to and storage of information in the end device is absolutely necessary in these cases and is carried out on the basis of the implementation laws of the ePrivacy Directive of the EU member states, in Germany according to § 25 para. 2 TTDSG.
3.4.1 Own tools
We use our own necessary tools that access information in the end device or store information on the end device, in particular
for login authentication,
for load distribution,
to save your language settings,
to note that information placed on our website has been displayed to you - so that it will not be displayed again the next time you visit the website.
3.5 Functional tools
We also use optional tools to improve the user experience on our website and to offer you more functions ("functional tools"). Although these are not absolutely necessary for the basic functions of the website, they can bring considerable benefits to visitors, particularly in terms of user-friendliness and the provision of additional communication, display or payment channels. This can include, in particular, the integration of external content such as maps and videos as well as logging in via an existing social network account or, for example, a comment function.
The legal basis for the functional tools is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. Access to and storage of information in the end device then takes place on the basis of the implementation laws of the ePrivacy Directive of the EU member states, in Germany according to § 25 para. 1 TTDSG. To revoke your consent, see 3.2.3: "Revoking your consent or changing your selection".
In the event that personal data is transferred to third countries, in addition to the information provided below, we refer to Section 6 ("Data transfer to third countries").
3.6 Analysis tools
In order to improve our website, we use optional tools to recognise visitors and to statistically record and analyse general user behaviour based on access data ("analysis tools"). We also use analysis services to evaluate the use of our various marketing channels. The usage information collected is analysed and enables us to understand the usage habits of our visitors. This helps us to adapt and optimise the design of our website and make the user experience more pleasant.
The legal basis for the analysis tools is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. Access to and storage of information in the end device then takes place on the basis of the implementation laws of the ePrivacy Directive of the EU member states, in Germany according to § 25 para. 1 TTDSG. To revoke your consent, see 3.2.3: "Revoking your consent or changing your selection".
In the event that personal data is transferred to third countries, in addition to the information provided below, we refer to Section 6 ("Data transfer to third countries").
3.7 Marketing tools
We also use optional tools for advertising purposes ("marketing tools"). Some of the access data collected when you use our website is used to create usage profiles, which in particular store your usage behaviour, the advertisements you have viewed or clicked on and, based on this, the classification into advertising categories, interests and preferences. By analysing and evaluating this access data, we are able to show you personalised advertising, i.e. advertising that corresponds to your actual interests and needs, on our website and on the websites and services of other providers. We also analyse your usage behaviour in order to recognise you on other sites and to address you in a personalised manner based on your use of our site (so-called "retargeting"). In addition, we analyse the effectiveness and success of our advertising campaigns (in particular so-called "conversions" and leads).
Marketing tools also include optional social network tools that are used to share posts and content via these networks ("social media plugins").
The legal basis for the marketing tools is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. Access to and storage of information in the end device then takes place on the basis of the implementation laws of the ePrivacy Directive of the EU member states, in Germany according to § 25 para. 1 TTDSG. To revoke your consent, see 3.2.3: "Revoking your consent or changing your selection".
In the event that personal data is transferred to third countries, in addition to the information provided below, we refer to Section 6 ("Data transfer to third countries").
In the following section, we would like to explain the tools and the providers used for this in more detail. The data collected may include in particular
the IP address of the device;
the information of a cookie and in local or session storage;
the device identifier of mobile devices (e.g. device ID, advertising ID);
Referrer URL (previously visited page);
Pages accessed (date, time, URL, title, duration of visit);
Downloaded files;
Clicked links to other websites;
If applicable, achievement of certain goals (conversions);
Technical information: Operating system; browser type, version and language;
device type, make, model and resolution;
Approximate location (country and city if applicable).
However, the data collected is only stored under a pseudonym, so that no direct conclusions can be drawn about individuals.
3.8 Processing purposes, functions and service providers
Processing purposes and functions, as well as the individual providers ("suppliers") can be viewed in the CMP under the following link under "Data protection settings"
home | OneFootball
.
4. Online presence in social networks
We maintain an online presence on social networks in order to communicate with customers and interested parties and to provide information about our products and services. User data is generally processed by the relevant social networks for market research and advertising purposes. This allows user profiles to be created based on the interests of users. Cookies and other identifiers are stored on the computers of the data subjects for this purpose. These user profiles are then used, for example, to display adverts within the social networks as well as on third-party websites.
As part of the operation of our online presences, we may have access to information such as statistics on the use of our online presences provided by the social networks. These statistics are aggregated and may contain, in particular, demographic information (e.g. age, gender, region, country) and data on interaction with our online presence (e.g. likes, subscriptions, sharing, viewing images and videos) and the posts and content distributedvia it. This may also provide information about the interests of users and which content and topics are particularly relevant to them. This information can also be used by us to adapt the design and our activities and content on the online presence and to optimise it for our audience. Please refer to the list below for details and links to the social network data that we can access as the operator of the online presence. The collection and use of these statistics are generally subject to joint responsibility. Where this applies, the relevant contract is listed below.
The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR, based on our legitimate interest in effective information and communication with users, or Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR, in order to stay in contact with our customers and inform them and to carry out pre- contractual measures with interested parties.
If you have an account with the social network, it is possible that we can see your publicly available information and media when we access your profile. In addition, the social network may allow us to contact you. This can be done, for example, via direct messages or posts. The content of communication via the social network and the processing of content data is the responsibility of the social network as a messenger and platform service. As soon as we transfer personal data from you to our own systems or process it further, we are independently responsible for this and this is done to carry out pre-contractual measures and to fulfil a contract in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR.
The legal basis for the data processing carried out by the social networks on their own responsibility can be found in the data protection information of the respective social network. The links below will also provide you with further information on the respective data processing and the options to object.
We would like to point out that data protection requests can be made most efficiently with the respective provider of the social network, as only these providers have access to the data and can take appropriate measures directly. You can also contact us with your request. In this case, we will process your enquiry and forward it to the provider of the social network.
Below is a list with information on the social networks on which we have an online presence:
Facebook (Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, Serpentine Avenue, Block J, Dublin 4, Ireland)
Operation of the Facebook fan page under joint responsibility on the basis of an agreement on joint processing of personal data (so-called Page Insights addendum regarding the controller):
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum
Information on the processed Page Insights data and how to contact us in the event of data protection enquiries:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum
Privacy policy:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
Opt-out:
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
Instagram (Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, Serpentine Avenue, Block J, Dublin 4, Ireland)
Instagram Business account on the basis of an agreement on joint processing of personal data (so-called Page Insights addendum regarding the controller):
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum
Information on the processed Page Insights data and how to contact us in the event of data protection enquiries:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data
Privacy policy:
https://privacycenter.instagram.com/policy/
Opt-out (declaration):
https://de-de.facebook.com/help/instagram/2885653514995517?locale=de_DE
Google/YouTube (Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland)
Privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Opt-out:
https://www.google.com/settings/ads
OneFootball uses the YouTube API services to integrate YouTube videos into the OneFootball platform. For more information, please see Google's privacy policy at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
X (Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07 Ireland)
Privacy policy:
https://twitter.com/de/privacy
Opt-out:
https://twitter.com/personalization
LinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland) Operation of the LinkedIn company page under joint responsibility on the basis of an agreement on the joint processing of personal data (so-called Page Insights Joint Controller Addendum):
https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum
Xing/Kununu (New Work SE, Am Strandkai 1, 20457 Hamburg)
Privacy policy/ opt-out:
https://privacy.xing.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung
.
5. Data sharing
The data collected by us will only be passed on if there is a legal basis for this under data protection law in the specific case, in particular if:
you have given your express consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR,
the disclosure pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims and there is no reason to assume that you have an overriding interest worthy of protection in not disclosing your data,
we are legally obliged to disclose data in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c GDPR, in particular if this is necessary for legal prosecution or enforcement due to official enquiries, court orders and legal proceedings, or
this is legally permissible and required in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR for the processing of contractual relationships with you or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures that are carried out at your request.
Some of the data processing may be carried out by our service providers. In addition to the service providers mentioned in this privacy policy, these may include, in particular, data centres that store our website and databases, software providers, IT service providers that maintain our systems, agencies, market research companies, group companies and consulting firms. If we pass on data to our service providers, they may only use the data to fulfil their tasks. The service providers have been carefully selected and commissioned by us. They are contractually bound by our instructions, have suitable technical and organisational measures in place to protect the rights of the data subjects and are regularly monitored by us.
6. Data transfer to third countries
As explained in this privacy policy, we use services whose providers are partly located in so-called third countries (outside the European Union or the European Economic Area) or process personal data there, i.e. countries whose level of data protection does not correspond to that of the European Union. If this is the case and the European Commission has not issued an adequacy decision for these countries (Art. 45 GDPR), we have taken appropriate precautions to ensure an adequate level of data protection for any data transfers. These include the standard contractual clauses of the European Union or binding internal data protection regulations.
Where this is not possible, we base the transfer of data on exceptions under Art. 49 GDPR, in particular your express consent or the necessity of the transfer for the fulfilment of the contract or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures.
If a transfer to a third country is planned and there is no adequacy decision or suitable guarantees, it is possible and there is a risk that authorities in the respective third country (e.g. secret services) may gain access to the transferred data in order to collect and analyse it, and that the enforceability of your data subject rights cannot be guaranteed. If you obtain your consent via the consent banner, you will also be informed of this.
7. Storage duration
In principle, we only store personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected the data. We then delete the data immediately, unless we still need the data until the statutory limitation period expires for evidence purposes for civil law claims, due to statutory retention obligations or there is another legal basis under data protection law for the continued processing of your data in the specific individual case.
For evidence purposes, we must retain contract data in particular for three years from the end of the year in which the business relationship with you ends. Any claims expire at the earliest at this time in accordance with the statutory limitation period.
Even after this, we still have to store some of your data for accounting reasons. We are obliged to do so due to statutory documentation obligations that may arise from the German Commercial Code, the German Fiscal Code, the German Banking Act, the German Money Laundering Act and the German Securities Trading Act. The periods specified there for the retention of documents are two to ten years.
8. Your rights , in particular cancellation and objection
You are entitled to the data subject rights formulated in Art. 7 para. 3, Art. 15 - 21 at any time if the respective legal requirements are met:
Right to withdraw your consent (Art. 7 (3) GDPR);
Right to object to the processing of your personal data (Art. 21 GDPR);
Right to information about the personal data processed by us (Art. 15 GDPR);
Right to rectification of your incorrect personal data stored by us (Art. 16 GDPR);
Right to erasure of your personal data (Art. 17 GDPR);
Right to restriction of processing of your personal data (Art. 18 GDPR);
Right to data portability of your personal data (Art. 20 GDPR).
To assert your rights described here, you can contact us at any time using the contact details above. This also applies if you wish to receive copies of guarantees to demonstrate an adequate level of data protection. If the relevant legal requirements are met, we will comply with your data protection request.
Your requests to assert data protection rights and our responses to them will be stored for documentation purposes for a period of up to three years and, in individual cases, beyond this period if there are grounds for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims. The legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR, based on our interest in the defence against any civil law claims pursuant to Art. 82 GDPR, the avoidance of fines pursuant to Art. 83 GDPR and the fulfilment of our accountability obligation pursuant to Art. 5 para. 2 GDPR.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. As a result, we will no longer continue the data processing that was based on this consent in the future. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
If we process your data on the basis of legitimate interests, you have the right to object to the processing of your data at any time on grounds relating to your particular situation. If it concerns an objection to data processing for direct marketing purposes, you have a general right to object, which we will also implement without you having to give reasons.
If you wish to exercise your right of cancellation or objection, simply send an informal message to the contact details above.
Finally, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority in accordance with Art. 77 GDPR at. You can assert this right, for example, with a supervisory authority in the Member State of your place of residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement. In Berlin, where we are based, the competent supervisory authority is Berlin Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information, Alt-Moabit 59-61, 10555 Berlin.
9. Changes to the privacy policy
We occasionally update this privacy policy, for example when we customise our website or when legal or regulatory requirements change.
Version: 1.0 / Status: April 2024
Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 3
https://static.onefootball.com/legal/recruiting-privacy-policy/en:
Privacy Policy (Recruiting)
Data Privacy Policy (Recruiting)
Data protection and the private sphere of applicants, employees and users are very important to Onefootball GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “Onefootball”). The gathering and use of your personal data takes place exclusively within the framework of the statutory provisions of applicable data protection laws. By means of this data privacy policy, Onefootball is providing information concerning the processing of personal data of its recruiting platform.
1 Point of contact
The contact and so-called responsible body for the legality of the processing of your personal data under data protection laws is
Onefootball GmbH
Donaustraße 44
D-12043 Berlin
Germany
Should you have any questions relating to data protection, you can get in touch with our company’s data protection officer at any time. The data protection officer can be contacted at the postal address above, as well as by email at
privacy@onefootball.com
. The data protection officer is also available should you have any queries concerning the transfer of data to third countries and can provide copies or guarantees in the form of standard data protection clauses. Should you have any general concerns or queries, you can also contact Onefootball by email at
feedback@onefootball.com
.
2 Area of applicability
This data privacy policy applies to Onefootball’s recruiting platform and websites that provide the functionality to apply for jobs at our company.
If you are interested in data protection of our apps or websites, please read the
Data Privacy Policy (Apps)
or
Data Privacy Policy (Websites)
.
3 Processing of personal data
Personal data is processed, if you simply access our website (information related use) and if you enter data or click on buttons (use with interaction / job application). Optionally you can use the feature “Apply with LinkedIn” as explained below.
Personal data is information relating to factual or personal relationships of a defined or definable natural person. Above all, this includes information which allows your identity to be traced, for example name, address or email address or also favourite team.
Statistical data, which we gather during a visit to our apps for example and which cannot be connected to you, does not fall under the definition of personal data.
3.1 Information related use
In case of simple information related use of the website, i.e. if you have not logged in and do not transfer other information to us, we do not gather any personal data. Data your browser transmits automatically might be logged by Greenhouse, for more information, see their
Privacy Policy
.
3.2 Use with interaction / Job application
When applying via the Onefootball recruiting platform, you have to enter mandatory personal data in order to submit your application. If you apply via email or are referred by a current Onefootball employee, we may request you to submit the mandatory personal information via email or by filling out a form. This includes name, email, your phone number, location, start date, desired salary, and the information how you have heard about the job. Together with this data, you have to attach your resume/CV and cover letter to your application. If you like, you can also enter your motivation to join Onefootball or apply with LinkedIn (see Point 3.3).
The application data will be transmitted to Onefootball’s personnel department and used exclusively for the purpose of the application procedure. This also includes contacting you. The data is deleted no later than six months after sending a rejection letter. In the application process, we ask you if you allow us to save your application for more than 6 months and add you to our applicants’ pool. You can revoke your consent at any time and contact us vial
hr@onefootball.com
. In any case, your application will be deleted after one year after being rejected. The legal basis for processing your application documents is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 b and Art. 88 para. 1 DSGVO in conjunction with § 26 para. 1 sentence 1 BDSG.
3.3 Apply with LinkedIn
The “Apply with LinkedIn” feature allows you to apply for jobs at Onefootball using your profile of the social network LinkedIn, a service of LinkedIn Corporation, 1000 W. Maude Ave., Sunnyvale, California 94085, USA (“LinkedIn”).
When you click “Apply with LinkedIn” you can choose to submit your full LinkedIn profile including work experience, education, skills and recommendations to Onefootball together with you email address, postal address, telephone number and linked accounts. If you choose to use this feature, you do not have to manually enter your application data. The legal basis for transferring your data from LinkedIn to Onefootball is your consent according to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 a GDPR.
You can stop the synchronization between LinkedIn and LinkedIn’s cooperation partner in the LinkedIn
settings
. In cases where personal data is transferred to the USA, LinkedIn has undertaken to comply with the
EU-US Privacy Shield
. The purpose and scope of the data gathering by LinkedIn, as well as the further processing and use of your data there and your rights and settings for the protection of your private sphere in this respect can be found in the information about
Applications Data Use
and the
Privacy Policy
of LinkedIn.
4 Disclosure of personal data
In principle Onefootball does not pass your personal data on to third parties. The data gathered by us is only passed on to third parties, if this is necessary to provide the technical functionality of the websites or another legal basis for the disclosure of data exists. Personal data may only be used by our service providers in order to fulfil their tasks. These were carefully selected by us and engaged in writing. They are subject to our instructions and are regularly monitored by us. Other use of the information is not permitted and is not carried out by any of the service providers used by us.
Your application data is passed to the service provider of our recruiting platform Greenhouse Software Inc., 110 Fifth Ave., 3d. Fl., New York, NY 10011, USA (“Greenhouse”). In cases where personal data is transferred to the USA, greenhouse has undertaken to comply with the
EU-US Privacy Shield
and additionally, the so-called "standard contractual clauses" have been agreed with Greenhouse, which you can view in the information sheet of the European Communities. Onefootball uses Greenhouse as a recruitment tool in order to help its recruitment and hiring process. If you want to know more about Greenhouse, please see their
Privacy Policy
.
Alongside the service providers listed separately in this data privacy policy, data may be disclosed to categories of recipients, i.e. to hosting and emailing service providers, as well as to external advisors and enforcement authorities.
5 Cookies
Cookies are small files which are saved on your data carrier and which save certain settings and data for the exchange with our system via your browser. Cookies cannot start any programmes or transfer viruses to your computer. The purpose of cookies is to make the Internet service more user friendly and effective overall.
If you visit our individual job boards on greenhouse.io, the only cookie that is enabled is a technical cookie (bf_visit) that counts the visitors on this site and expires after 30 minutes.
6 Your rights
You have the right to information about the processing of your personal data by us at any time. In this context we will explain the data processing to you and provide you with an overview of the data stored about you. If data stored by us is incorrect or no longer current, you have the right to have this data corrected. You can also request the deletion of your data. If, in exceptional cases, deletion is not possible due to other legal regulations, the data will be blocked - provided the necessary conditions are met - so that it is only available for this legal purpose. You can also have the processing of your personal data restricted if, for example, you doubt the accuracy of the data. Under certain conditions, you also have the right to data transferability, i.e. that we send you upon request a digital copy of the personal data you have provided us with. In order to assert your rights described here, you can contact us at any time using the contact details given above. This also applies if you wish to receive copies of guarantees to prove an adequate level of data protection.
Your inquiries regarding the assertion of data protection rights and our answers to them will be kept for documentation purposes for a period of three years and in individual cases for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims even beyond this period. The legal basis is Art. 6 Paragraph 1, f.) GDPR, based on our interest in defending against any civil law claims under Art. 82 GDPR, avoiding fines under Art. 83 GDPR and fulfilling our accountability under Art. 5 GDPR.
You have the right to revoke a consent previously provided to us at any time. The consequence of this is that we will no longer process your data in relation to that consent in the future. The revocation of the consent does not affect the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the revocation.
If we process your data on the basis of legitimate interests, you have the right to object to the processing of your data at any time for on grounds relating to your particular situation. If you object to data processing for direct marketing purposes, you have a general right of objection, which we will implement without requiring you to state your reasons for objecting. If you wish to exercise your right of revocation or objection, simply send an informal message to the contact details listed above.
Finally, you have the right to complain to the regulatory authority responsible for data. You can exercise this right at the regulatory authority in the member country of your place of residence, your place of work, or the place in which the violation allegedly took place. In Berlin, where the registered office of Onefootball is located, the regulatory authority is: the Berlin Data Protection and Freedom of Information Officer, Friedrichstrasse 219, 10969 Berlin.
7 Changes to the data privacy policy
We reserve the right to alter this data privacy policy. The current version can be accessed on our website.
As of: April 2020
Sub-policy 4
https://stripe.com/de/privacy:
Stripe-Rahmenvertrag
Stripe Connect
Plattformvereinbarung
Kontovereinbarung
Produkte und Programme
Stripe Atlas
Stripe Adaptive Pricing
Stripe Climate
Climate-Nutzungsbedingungen
Stripe Corporate Card
Stripe-Kundenportal
Stripe Data Pipeline
Stripe Financial Connections
Stripe Identity
Stripe Issuing
Stripe Tax
Stripe-Ecosystem für Partner
Stripe Radar
Stripe-Prämien
Stripe-Verifizierungen
Stripe Shop
Stripe Terminal
Terminal-Einkaufskonditionen
Terminal-Konditionen für Wiederverkäufer
EULA für Stripe Terminal-Gerät
Stripe Treasury – verbundene Konten
Stripe Treasury – Plattformen
Stripe Tresor und Forward
Finanzbedingungen
Offenlegung durch Acquirer (Händlerbank)
Stripe Payments Company
PNC Bank
Konditionen für Zahlungsmethoden
Eingeschränkte und untersagte Geschäfte
Datenschutz
Datenschutzerklärung
Cookie-Richtlinie
Datenschutz-Framework
Dienstanbieterliste
Datenverarbeitungsvereinbarung
Internationale Datenübermittlung – Nachtrag
Datenschutzcenter von Stripe
Geistiges Eigentum
Geistiges Eigentum – Hinweis
Marks-Nutzung
Stripe-Apps
Vereinbarung für App-Entwickler/innen
App-Marktplatz-Vereinbarung
Lizenzen
Bedingungen für Verbraucher/innen
Dies ist eine ausschließlich zu Informationszwecken bereitgestellte Übersetzung der Datenschutzerklärung. Rechtliche Gültigkeit besitzt einzig und allein die Originalerklärung, die in englischer Sprache vorliegt.
Zuletzt aktualisiert:  16. Januar 2024.
Unsere Zusammenfassung der Aktualisierungen finden Sie hier.
Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie enthält wichtige Informationen über Ihre personenbezogenen Daten und wir empfehlen Ihnen, diese sorgfältig zu lesen.
Willkommen
Wir stellen die Finanzinfrastruktur für das Internet bereit. Einzelpersonen und Unternehmen jeder Größe nutzen unsere Technologie und Dienstleistungen, um Einkäufe zu vereinfachen, Zahlungen zu akzeptieren, Auszahlungen vorzunehmen und das Online-Geschäft zu verwalten.
Diese Datenschutzerklärung („Erklärung“) beschreibt die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir erheben, wie wir sie verwenden und weitergeben, sowie Einzelheiten darüber, wie Sie sich bei Fragen zum Datenschutz an uns wenden können. Darüber hinaus werden in der Erklärung Ihre Rechte als betroffene Person und die Ihnen zur Verfügung stehenden Wahlmöglichkeiten dargelegt, einschließlich des Rechts, bestimmten Verwendungen Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch uns zu widersprechen. Weitere Informationen über unsere Datenschutzpraktiken, einschließlich unserer ergänzenden US-Hinweise, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
In dieser Erklärung bezieht sich „Stripe“, „wir“, „unser“ oder „uns“ auf das Stripe-Unternehmen, das für die Erhebung, Nutzung und Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten wie in diesem Dokument beschrieben verantwortlich ist. Das für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verantwortliche Stripe-Unternehmen kann je nach Rechtsordnung variieren.
Mehr erfahren
.
„Personenbezogene Daten“ bezieht sich auf alle Informationen, die mit einer identifizierten oder identifizierbaren Person assoziiert sind, einschließlich der Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen und die wir über Sie während Ihrer Interaktion mit unseren Diensten erheben (beispielsweise Geräteinformationen, IP-Adresse usw.).
„Dienste“ bezieht sich auf die von Stripe gemäß dem Stripe-Rahmenvertrag und den Nutzungsbedingungen für Verbraucher/innen bereitgestellten Produkte und Dienste. Dies kann Geräte und Anwendungen umfassen, die von Stripe bereitgestellt werden. Unsere „Geschäftsdienstleistungen“ sind Dienstleistungen, die wir für Unternehmen („Geschäftskunden“) erbringen, die uns direkt und indirekt personenbezogene Daten von „Endkundinnen“ und „Endkunden“ in Verbindung mit ihren eigenen Geschäftsabläufen und Aktivitäten liefern. Unsere „Endkundendienste“ richten sich direkt an Einzelpersonen zur persönlichen Nutzung. „Websites“ bezieht sich auf Stripe.com, Link.com und andere Websites, Anwendungen und Online-Dienste von Stripe. Zusammenfassend bezeichnen wir Websites, Geschäftsdienstleistungen und Endkundendienste als „Dienste“.
„Finanzpartner“ sind Finanzinstitute, Banken und andere Partner wie Acquirer von Zahlungsmethoden, Zahlungsdienstleister und Kartennetzwerke, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um Dienste bereitzustellen.
Je nach Kontext bedeutet „Sie“ Endkundin/Endkunde, Endnutzer/in, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in:
Wenn Sie einen Endkundendienst für Ihren persönlichen Gebrauch nutzen, beispielsweise wenn Sie sich für Link anmelden, bezeichnen wir Sie als „Endnutzer/in”.
Wenn Sie mit einem Geschäftskunden in Geschäftsbeziehung treten oder anderweitig eine Transaktion mit einem Geschäftskunden durchführen, indem Sie beispielsweise ein Paar Schuhe von einem Geschäftskunden kaufen, der Stripe Checkout für die Zahlungsabwicklung nutzt, aber keine direkte Transaktion mit Stripe durchführen, bezeichnen wir Sie als „Endkundin/Endkunde.”
Wenn Sie im Namen eines bestehenden oder potenziellen Geschäftskunden handeln (beispielsweise als Unternehmensgründer, Kontoverwalter für einen Geschäftskunden oder als Empfänger einer Mitarbeiter-Kreditkarte eines Geschäftskunden über Stripe Issuing), kategorisieren wir Sie als „Vertreter/in”.
Wenn Sie mit Stripe durch den Besuch einer Website interagieren, ohne in einem Stripe-Konto angemeldet zu sein, oder wenn Sie an Ihrer Interaktion mit Stripe nicht als Endnutzer/in, Endkunde/Endkundin oder Vertreter/in beteiligt sind, betrachten wir Sie als „Besucher/in“. Sie sind zum Beispiel Besucher/in, wenn Sie eine Nachricht an Stripe senden und um weitere Informationen über unsere Dienstleistungen bitten.
In dieser Erklärung bezieht sich „Transaktionsdaten“ auf Daten, die von Stripe erhoben und verwendet werden, um von Ihnen gewünschte Transaktionen auszuführen. Bei bestimmten Transaktionsdaten handelt es sich um personenbezogene Daten, die Folgendes umfassen können: Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Kontaktnummer, Ihre Rechnungs- und Versandadresse, Informationen zur Zahlungsmethode (beispielsweise Kredit- oder Debitkartennummer, Bankverbindung oder das von Ihnen gewählte Zahlungskartenbild), Angaben zum Händler und zum Standort, Betrag und Datum des Kaufs sowie in einigen Fällen Informationen über den gekauften Artikel.
Je nach Aktivität übernimmt Stripe die Rolle eines „Datenverantwortlichen“ und/oder „Auftragsverarbeiters“ (oder „Dienstleisters“) aufgrund dieser Aktivität. Zusätzliche Informationen zu unserer Rolle, zu dem für diese Erklärung verantwortlichen Stripe-Unternehmen und zu unseren Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
Personenbezogene Daten, die wir erheben, und wie wir sie verwenden und weitergeben
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten
Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten
Sicherheit und Aufbewahrung
Internationale Datenübermittlung
Aktualisierungen und Benachrichtigungen
Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen
Kontakt
Datenschutzhinweise für US-Verbraucher/innen
1. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir erheben, und wie wir sie verwenden und weitergeben
Unsere Erhebung und Verwendung personenbezogener Daten unterscheidet sich je nachdem, ob Sie Endnutzer/in, Endkundin/Endkunde, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in sind, und je nachdem, welchen Dienst Sie in Anspruch nehmen. Wenn Sie beispielsweise Einzelunternehmer/in sind und unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen in Anspruch nehmen möchten, können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erheben, um Ihr Unternehmen zum Onboarding einzuladen; gleichzeitig könnten Sie auch Endkundin/Endkunde sein, wenn Sie Waren von einem anderen Geschäftskunden gekauft haben, der unsere Dienste zur Zahlungsabwicklung nutzt. Sie könnten Endnutzer/in sein, wenn Sie unseren Endkundendienst, wie beispielsweise Link, für diese Transaktionen genutzt haben.
1.1 Endnutzer/innen
Wir erbringen Endkundendienste, wenn wir Ihnen unsere Dienste direkt für Ihre persönliche Nutzung zur Verfügung stellen (beispielsweise Link). Weitere Einzelheiten zu unserer Erhebung, Verwendung und Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten von Endnutzerinnen und Endnutzern, einschließlich der
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung solcher Daten stützen, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
a. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir über Endnutzer/innen erheben
Verwendung von Link oder Verbindung mit Ihrem Bankkonto.
Stripe bietet Ihnen den Dienst „Link“ an, mit dem Sie Ihre Zahlungsmethoden bei Stripe hinterlegen können, um sie bequem zur Zahlung bei unseren Geschäftskunden zu nutzen. Wenn Sie sich bei Link anmelden, erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten (wie Name, Kontaktinformationen, Zahlungsmethode) bei Stripe gespeichert werden. Dies ermöglicht effizientere Kauferfahrungen bei der künftigen Nutzung von Link. Wenn Sie sich für die Bezahlung mit Link entscheiden, erheben wir auch die mit Ihren Transaktionen assoziierten Transaktionsdaten.
Mehr erfahren
.
Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, uns Ihre Bankverbindung mitzuteilen (auch um Zahlungen über Ihr Bankkonto via Link zu leisten), erhebt und verarbeitet Stripe in regelmäßigen Abständen Ihre Kontoinformationen (beispielsweise Angaben zu Bankkontoinhaber/in, Kontostände, Kontonummer und -daten, Kontotransaktionen und in einigen Fällen auch Anmelde-/Zugangsdaten). Sie können uns jederzeit auffordern, die Erhebung dieser Daten einzustellen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sie können auch Ausweisdokumente (beispielsweise Ihren Führerschein) bei Link hinterlegen, um diese künftig an andere Geschäftskunden weiterzugeben.
Bezahlung von Stripe.
Wenn Sie Waren oder Dienstleistungen direkt bei Stripe kaufen, erhalten wir Ihre Transaktionsdaten. Wenn Sie beispielsweise eine Zahlung an Stripe Climate leisten, erheben wir Informationen zur Transaktion, sowie Ihre Kontaktdaten und Angaben zur Zahlungsmethode.
Identitäts-/Verifizierungsdienste.
Wir bieten einen Dienst zur Identitätsverifizierung an, der den Abgleich Ihres Ausweisdokuments (z. B. Führerschein) mit Ihrem Bild (z. B. Selfie) automatisiert. Sie können der Verwendung Ihrer biometrischen Daten zur Verbesserung unserer Verifizierungstechnologie separat zustimmen, was Sie jederzeit widerrufen können.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir über Endnutzer erheben können, einschließlich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten und Ihrer Nutzung unserer Endkundendienste, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten unserer Endnutzer/innen verwenden und weitergeben
Dienste
Wir verwenden und geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weiter, um Ihnen die Endkundendienste bereitzustellen. Dazu gehören Support, Personalisierung (beispielsweise Sprachpräferenzen und Einstellungsmöglichkeiten) und Mitteilungen über unsere Endkundendienste (beispielsweise Benachrichtigung über Richtlinienaktualisierungen und Informationen über unsere Dienste). Beispielsweise könnte Stripe Cookies und vergleichbare Technologien oder die Daten, die Sie unseren Geschäftskunden zur Verfügung stellen (beispielsweise wenn Sie Ihre E-Mail-Adresse auf der Website eines Geschäftskunden eingeben), verwenden, um Sie zu erkennen und Ihnen zu helfen, Link beim Besuch der Website unseres Geschäftskunden zu verwenden. Weitere Informationen zu unserer Verwendung von Cookies und vergleichbaren Technologien finden Sie in der
Cookie Policy
von Stripe.
Unsere Geschäftskunden.
Wenn Sie Link für Zahlungen verwenden, geben wir Ihre Transaktionsdaten an die Geschäftskunden weiter, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung treten möchten.
Mehr erfahren
. Darüber hinaus können Sie Ihr Bankkonto mit Stripe verbinden, und Stripe anweisen, Ihre Kontodaten an Geschäftskunden weiterzugeben, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen. Bitte beachten Sie, dass diese Geschäftskunden über eigene Datenschutz-Erklärungen verfügen, in denen sie beschreiben, wie sie die an sie weitergegebenen Informationen verwenden.
Transaktionen.
Wenn Sie Link für Zahlungen nutzen, verwenden wir Ihre bei uns gespeicherten personenbezogenen Daten (wie Name, Kontaktinformationen, Zahlungsmethode), um Transaktionen mit Geschäftskunden von Stripe durchzuführen. Wir stellen diese Daten Geschäftskunden und anderen, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, zur Verfügung und verarbeiten sie gemäß Abschnitt 1.2 dieser Erklärung als Datenverarbeiter für diese Geschäftskunden.
Betrugserkennung und Verlustprävention.
Wir verwenden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über unsere Dienste (beispielsweise Stripe Radar) erheben, um Betrug zu erkennen und um finanziellen Verlusten für Sie, uns und unsere Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner vorzubeugen, einschließlich der Erkennung nicht autorisierter Käufe. Wir können Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartnern, die unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zur Betrugsprävention nutzen, personenbezogene Daten über Sie (einschließlich Ihrer versuchten Transaktionen) zur Verfügung stellen, damit diese das mit der Transaktion verbundene Betrugs- oder Verlustrisiko beurteilen können. Weitere Informationen zu unserem Einsatz von Technologien zur Beurteilung des mit einer versuchten Transaktion verbundenen Betrugsrisikos und zu den Informationen, die wir an Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner weitergeben, finden Sie
hier
und
hier
.
Werbung.
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um Ihre Eignung für weitere Endnutzer-Dienste zu prüfen und Ihnen diese anzubieten oder bestehende Endkundendienste zu bewerben. Soweit gesetzlich zulässig (einschließlich Ihrer gegebenenfalls erforderlichen Einwilligung), verwenden wir personenbezogene Daten von Endnutzerinnen und Endnutzern und geben diese an andere weiter, damit wir unsere Endkundendienste an Sie vermarkten können, auch durch interessenbasierte Werbung. Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Dritte weiter, aber wir können Ihre Daten an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über zusätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten über Endnutzer/innen verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
1.2 Endkundinnen und Endkunden
Stripe erbringt verschiedene Geschäftsdienstleistungen für seine Geschäftskunden. Dazu zählen persönliche oder Online-Zahlungen oder Auszahlungen für diese Geschäftskunden. Wenn wir als Dienstleister eines Geschäftskunden agieren (auch „Datenverarbeiter“ genannt), verarbeiten wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden gemäß unserer Vereinbarung mit dem Geschäftskunden und seinen rechtmäßigen Anweisungen. Dies geschieht zum Beispiel, wenn wir eine Zahlung für einen Geschäftskunden abwickeln, weil Sie etwas bei ihm gekauft haben oder wenn er uns anweist, Ihnen Gelder zu schicken.
Geschäftskunden sind für die Einhaltung der Datenschutzrechte ihrer Endkunden verantwortlich, einschließlich der Einholung angemessener Einwilligungen und der Offenlegung ihrer eigenen Datenerhebung und -verwendung im Zusammenhang mit ihren Produkten und Dienstleistungen. Wenn Sie Endkundin/Endkunde sind, lesen Sie bitte die Datenschutzerklärung des Geschäftskunden, mit dem Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, um sich über seine Datenschutzpraktiken, Wahlmöglichkeiten und Kontrollen zu informieren.
Weitere umfassende Informationen über die Erhebung, Verwendung und Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten von Endkunden und Endkundinnen finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
, einschließlich der
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten stützen.
a. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir über Endkundinnen und Endkunden erheben
Transaktionsdaten.
Wir erhalten Ihre Transaktionsdaten, wenn Sie als Endkundin oder Endkunde Zahlungen an unseren Geschäftskunden leisten, Rückerstattungen von ihm erhalten, einen Kauf oder eine Spende veranlassen oder anderweitig mit unserem Geschäftskunden in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, ob persönlich oder online. Wir können auch Ihren Transaktionsverlauf vom Geschäftskunden erhalten.
Mehr erfahren
. Außerdem können wir die Daten erheben, die Sie bei einem Bezahlvorgang eingeben, auch wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, das Ausfüllen des Formulars abzubrechen oder keine Transaktion mit dem Geschäftskunden vorzunehmen.
Mehr erfahren
. Ein Geschäftskunde, der den Terminal-Dienst von Stripe nutzt, um seine Waren oder Dienstleistungen an Endkundinnen und Endkunden zu vertreiben, kann den Terminal-Dienst nutzen, um personenbezogene Daten der Endkundinnen und Endkunden (wie Name, E-Mail, Telefonnummer, Adresse, Unterschrift oder Alter) entsprechend seiner eigenen Datenschutzerklärung zu erheben.
Identitäts-/Verifizierungsdaten.
Stripe bietet einen Verifizierungs- und Betrugspräventionsdienst an, den unsere Geschäftskunden nutzen können, um personenbezogene Daten über Sie zu verifizieren, wie beispielsweise Ihre Autorisierung zur Nutzung einer bestimmten Zahlungsmethode. Während dieses Prozesses werden Sie aufgefordert, uns bestimmte personenbezogene Daten mitzuteilen (beispielsweise Ihren Personalausweis und ein Selfie zur biometrischen Verifizierung, von Ihnen eingegebene personenbezogene Daten oder personenbezogene Daten, die aus der physischen Zahlungsmethode hervorgehen, wie das Bild auf der Kreditkarte). Zum Schutz vor Betrug und um festzustellen, ob jemand versucht, Ihre Identität vorzutäuschen, können wir diese Daten mit Informationen über Sie abgleichen, die wir von Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartnern, verbundenen Unternehmen, Identitätsprüfungsdiensten, öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen und anderen Dienstleistern und Quellen von Drittparteien erheben.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir über Endkundinnen und Endkunden erheben können, einschließlich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden verwenden und weitergeben
Um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen für unsere Geschäftskunden zu erbringen, nutzen wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden und geben diese an sie weiter. Soweit zulässig, verwenden wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden auch für eigene Zwecke von Stripe, beispielsweise zur Stärkung der Sicherheit, zur Verbesserung und zum Angebot unserer Geschäftsdienstleistungen sowie zur Verhinderung von Betrug, Verlust und anderen Schäden, wie weiter unten beschrieben.
Zahlungsabwicklung und Buchhaltung.
Wir verwenden Ihre Transaktionsdaten, um für Geschäftskunden zahlungsbezogene Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu erbringen, darunter die Abwicklung von Online-Zahlungen, die Berechnung der Verkaufssteuer, die Bearbeitung von Rechnungen und Durchführung von Abrechnungen, sowie die Unterstützung bei der Ermittlung von Umsatzzahlen, der Begleichung von Rechnungen und der Erledigung von Buchhaltungsaufgaben.
Mehr erfahren
. Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch verwenden, um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu erbringen und zu verbessern.
Bei Zahlungstransaktionen werden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten im Zuge der Abwicklung Ihrer Transaktion an verschiedene Stellen weitergegeben. Als Dienstleister oder Auftragsverarbeiter geben wir personenbezogene Daten weiter, um Transaktionen auf Weisung von Geschäftskunden abzuwickeln. Wenn Sie beispielsweise eine Zahlungsmethode für Ihre Transaktion wählen, sei es eine Kreditkarte, eine Debitkarte, „Jetzt kaufen, später bezahlen“ oder ein Lastschriftverfahren, kann Ihr Zahlungsmethodenanbieter die Transaktionsdaten Ihrer über Stripe abgewickelten Transaktionen erhalten. Der Geschäftskunde, mit dem Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung treten möchten, erhält ebenfalls Transaktionsdaten und kann diese Daten an andere weitergeben. Weitere Informationen über die Verwendung und Weitergabe Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch Geschäftskunden entnehmen Sie bitte deren Datenschutzerklärungen
Finanzdienstleistungen.
Einige Geschäftskunden nutzen unsere Dienste, um Ihnen Finanzdienstleistungen über Stripe oder unsere Finanzpartner anzubieten. Beispielsweise kann ein Geschäftskunde ein Kartenprodukt ausgeben, mit dem Sie Waren und Dienstleistungen kaufen können. Solche Karten könnten die Marke von Stripe, vom Bankpartner und/oder vom Geschäftskunden tragen. Zusätzlich zu den Transaktionsdaten, die wir durch die Verwendung dieser Karten bei Käufen generieren oder empfangen, erheben und verwenden wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch, um diese Produkte bereitzustellen und zu verwalten, einschließlich der Unterstützung unserer Geschäftskunden bei der Verhinderung des Missbrauchs der Karten. Bitte lesen Sie die Datenschutzerklärungen des Geschäftskunden und, falls zutreffend, die Datenschutzerklärungen unserer mit der Finanzdienstleistung assoziierten Bankpartner (deren Marken möglicherweise auf der Karte angegeben sind), um weitere Informationen zu erhalten.
Identitäts-/Verifizierungsdienste.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten Ihrer Identität, einschließlich der von Ihnen und unseren Dienstleistern bereitgestellten Informationen, um Verifizierungsdienste für Stripe oder für die Geschäftskunden, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, zu erbringen, um Betrug verhindern und die Sicherheit zu erhöhen. Falls Sie ein Selfie zusammen mit einem Foto Ihres Ausweisdokuments übermitteln, setzen wir biometrische Technologien zum Abgleich und zur Berechnung der Übereinstimmung ein, um Sie zu verifizieren.
Mehr erfahren
.
Betrugserkennung und Verlustprävention.
Wir verwenden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über unsere Dienste erheben, um Verluste für Sie, uns, unsere Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner zu erkennen und zu verhindern. Wir können Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartnern, die unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zur Betrugsprävention nutzen, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten (einschließlich Ihrer versuchten Transaktionen) zur Verfügung stellen, damit diese das mit der Transaktion verbundene Betrugs- oder Verlustrisiko beurteilen können. Weitere Informationen zu unserem Einsatz von Technologien zur Beurteilung des mit einer versuchten Transaktion verbundenen Betrugsrisikos und zu den Informationen, die wir an Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner weitergeben, finden Sie
hier
und
hier
.
Unsere Geschäftskunden (und deren autorisierte Drittparteien).
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden an ihre jeweiligen Geschäftskunden und an Parteien weiter, die von diesen Geschäftskunden direkt autorisiert wurden, solche Daten zu erhalten. Hier einige Beispiele für eine solche Weitergabe:
Wenn ein Geschäftskunde Stripe anweist, einem anderen Geschäftskunden über Stripe Connect Zugang zu seinem Stripe-Konto, einschließlich der Daten seiner Endkunden, zu gewähren.
Weitergabe von Informationen, die Sie uns zur Verfügung gestellt haben, damit wir im Namen eines Geschäftskunden Zahlungen an Sie senden können.
Weitergabe von Informationen, Dokumenten oder Bildern, die von Endkunden zur Verfügung gestellt werden, an Geschäftskunden, wenn letztere Stripe Identity, unseren Identitätsverifizierungsdienst zur Überprüfung der Identität des Endkunden, nutzen.
Die Geschäftskunden, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung treten, können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch an Dritte weitergeben (beispielsweise an andere Dienstleister als Stripe). Bitte lesen Sie die Datenschutzerklärung der Geschäftskunden, um weitere Informationen zu erhalten.
Werbung durch Geschäftskunden.
Wenn Sie einen Kauf bei einem Geschäftskunden einleiten, erhält der Geschäftskunde von uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten im Zusammenhang mit der Erbringung unserer Dienstleistungen, auch wenn Sie Ihren Kauf nicht abschließen. Dieser Geschäftskunde kann Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um seine Produkte oder Dienste zu vermarkten und zu bewerben, und zwar gemäß den Bedingungen seiner Datenschutzerklärung. Bitte lesen Sie die Datenschutzerklärung des Geschäftskunden, um weitere Informationen zu erhalten, einschließlich Ihrer Rechte, die Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu Marketingzwecken zu unterbinden.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten über Endkundinnen und Endkunden verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
1.3 Vertreter/innen
Wir erheben, verwenden und teilen personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern von Geschäftskunden (beispielsweise von Unternehmensinhabern), um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu erbringen. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern erheben, verwenden und weitergeben, sowie über die
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung dieser personenbezogenen Daten stützen, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
a. Welche personenbezogenen Daten wir über Vertreter/innen erheben
Anmeldung und Kontaktinformationen.
Wenn Sie sich für ein Stripe-Konto für einen Geschäftskunden (einschließlich Unternehmensgründung) registrieren, erheben wir Ihren Namen und Ihre Zugangsdaten. Wenn Sie sich für eine von Stripe organisierte Veranstaltung registrieren oder daran teilnehmen oder sich für den Erhalt von Benachrichtigungen von Stripe anmelden, erheben wir Ihre Registrierungs- und Profildaten. Über Sie als Vertreter/in können wir unter Umständen personenbezogene Daten von Drittparteien, einschließlich Datenanbietern, erheben, um Ihnen Werbung und Angebote zukommen zu lassen und um mit Ihnen zu kommunizieren, wie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
beschrieben. Darüber hinaus können wir möglicherweise einen Standort mit Ihnen verknüpfen, um die Dienste oder Informationen effektiv auf Ihre Bedürfnisse zuzuschneiden.
Mehr erfahren
.
Identifizierungsinformationen
Als aktueller oder potenzieller Geschäftskunde, als Inhaber/in eines Geschäftskunden oder als Anteilseigner/in, leitende(r) Angestellte(r) oder Vorstandsmitglied eines Geschäftskunden benötigen wir Ihre Kontaktdaten, beispielsweise Name, Postanschrift, Telefonnummer und E-Mail-Adresse, um die Anforderungen unserer Finanzpartner und die gesetzlichen Vorschriften zu erfüllen, Ihre Identität zu verifizieren und betrügerische Aktivitäten und Schäden an der Stripe-Plattform zu verhindern. Wir erheben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, wie beispielsweise Eigentumsanteile am Geschäftskunden, Geburtsdatum, Ausweispapiere und zugehörige Identifikatoren sowie etwaige Betrugs- oder Missbrauchsfälle direkt von Ihnen und/oder von Drittparteien wie Kreditauskunfteien und über die von uns angebotenen Dienste.
Mehr erfahren
. Sie haben auch die Möglichkeit, uns Ihre Bankverbindung mitzuteilen.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir über Vertreter/innen erheben können, einschließlich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern verwenden und weitergeben
Im Allgemeinen verwenden wir die personenbezogenen Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern, um die Geschäftsdienstleistungen für die entsprechenden Geschäftskunden zu erbringen. Die Art und Weise, wie wir diese Daten verwenden und weitergeben, wird weiter unten beschrieben.
Geschäftsdienstleistungen.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern und geben sie an Geschäftskunden weiter, um die von Ihnen oder von dem von Ihnen vertretenen Geschäftskunden angeforderten Dienstleistungen zu erbringen.
In bestimmten Fällen müssen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an eine staatliche Stelle übermitteln, um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistung zu erbringen, beispielsweise für die Unternehmensgründung oder die Berechnung und Zahlung der geltenden Verkaufssteuer. Für unsere steuerbezogenen Geschäftsdienstleistungen können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um im Namen des Geschäftskunden, den Sie vertreten, Steuererklärungen einzureichen. Für unsere Atlas-Geschäftsgründungsdienste können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um in Ihrem Namen Formulare bei der US-Steuerbehörde IRS und Dokumente bei anderen Regierungsbehörden einzureichen, beispielsweise die Gründungsurkunde im Gründungsstaat.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern an Parteien weiter, die vom jeweiligen Geschäftskunden ausdrücklich autorisiert wurden, beispielsweise an Finanzpartner, die ein Finanzprodukt vertreiben, oder Drittpartei-Apps oder -Dienste, die der Geschäftskunde neben unseren Geschäftsdienstleistungen nutzen möchte. Hier einige Beispiele für eine solche Weitergabe:
Anbieter von Zahlungsmethoden wie Visa oder WeChat Pay benötigen Informationen über Geschäftskunden und ihre Vertreter, die ihre Zahlungsmethoden akzeptieren. Diese Informationen werden in der Regel während des Onboarding-Prozesses oder zur Bearbeitung von Transaktionen für diese Geschäftskunden benötigt.
Mehr erfahren
.
Ein Geschäftskunde kann Stripe autorisieren, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an andere Geschäftskunden weiterzugeben, um die Bereitstellung von Dienstleistungen über Stripe Connect zu erleichtern.
Die Verwendung personenbezogener Daten durch eine von einem Geschäftskunden autorisierte Drittpartei unterliegt der Datenschutzerklärung der Drittpartei.
Wenn Sie ein Geschäftskunde sind und Ihr Unternehmen einen Namen trägt, der personenbezogene Daten enthält (beispielsweise ein Einzelunternehmen oder einen Familiennamen als Firmennamen), werden wir diese Daten für die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste in der gleichen Weise verwenden und weitergeben, wie wir es mit jedem anderen Firmennamen tun. Dies kann bedeuten, dass er auf Quittungen und anderen Transaktionsbeschreibungen erscheint.
Betrugserkennung und Verlustprävention.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern, um Risiken zu erkennen und zu steuern, wonach unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen für betrügerische Aktivitäten genutzt werden könnten, die Stripe, Endnutzer/innen, Endkunden, Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartner und andere schädigen. Darüber hinaus verwenden wir Informationen über Sie, die wir von Drittparteien wie Kreditauskunfteien und von unseren Diensten erhalten, um solche Risiken zu vermeiden, einschließlich der Ermittlung von Missbrauchsmustern und der Überwachung von Verstößen gegen die Nutzungsbedingungen. Stripe kann personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern an Geschäftskunden, unsere Finanzpartner und Drittpartei-Dienstleister weitergeben, um die von Ihnen bereitgestellten Informationen zu überprüfen und Risikoindikatoren zu identifizieren.
Mehr erfahren
. Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern auch zur Durchführung von Due-Diligence-Prüfungen, einschließlich der Durchführung von Anti-Geldwäsche- und Sanktionsprüfungen in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht, und geben sie weiter.
Werbung.
Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, nutzen wir personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern und geben diese an Drittparteien weiter, damit wir unsere Dienste bewerben und vermarkten können. Vorbehaltlich geltenden Rechts – einschließlich etwaiger Einwilligungserfordernisse – können wir mit interessenbezogener Werbung werben und die Wirksamkeit derartiger Werbung verfolgen. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
. Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Drittparteien weiter. Allerdings können wir Ihre Daten an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Mehr erfahren
. Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, einschließlich der Aktivitäten in Ihrem Stripe-Konto, auch dazu verwenden, Ihre Eignung für Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu beurteilen und Ihnen diese anzubieten oder bestehende Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu bewerben.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über zusätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten über Vertreter/innen verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
1.4 Besucher/innen
Wir erheben, verwenden und teilen personenbezogene Daten von Besucher/innen. Weitere Einzelheiten darüber, wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucherinnen und Besuchern erheben, verwenden und weitergeben, sowie über die
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung dieser personenbezogenen Daten stützen, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
a. Welche personenbezogenen Daten wir über Besucher/innen erfassen
Wenn Sie auf unseren Websites surfen, erhalten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten entweder direkt von Ihnen oder durch die Verwendung von Cookies und vergleichbaren Technologien. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
, um mehr zu erfahren. Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, ein Formular auf unserer oder auf der Website Dritter auszufüllen, auf denen unsere Werbeanzeigen erscheinen (wie LinkedIn oder Facebook), erheben wir die Informationen, die Sie in das Formular eingeben. Dies kann Ihre Kontaktinformationen und andere Informationen zu Ihren Fragen über unsere Dienstleistungen umfassen. Wir können Ihren Besuch auch mit einem Standort assoziieren.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir von Besucher/innen erheben können, einschließlich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucherinnen und Besuchern verwenden und weitergeben
Personalisierung.
Wir verwenden die Daten, die wir mit Hilfe von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien über Sie erheben, um das Nutzer/innen-Engagement bezüglich der Inhalte der Websites zu messen, die Relevanz und Navigation zu verbessern, Ihre Erfahrungen anzupassen (beispielsweise Sprachpräferenzen und regionsspezifische Inhalte) und auf Sie zugeschnittene Inhalte über Stripe und unsere Dienste zu erstellen. Da zum Beispiel nicht alle unsere Dienste global verfügbar sind, können wir unsere Antworten auf Ihre Region abstimmen.
Werbung.
Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, nutzen wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucherinnen und Besuchern und geben diese an Drittparteien weiter, damit wir unsere Dienste bewerben und vermarkten können. Vorbehaltlich geltenden Rechts – einschließlich etwaiger Einwilligungserfordernisse – können wir mit interessenbezogener Werbung werben und die Wirksamkeit derartiger Werbung verfolgen. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
. Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Drittparteien weiter. Allerdings können wir Ihre Daten an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Engagement
. Bei Ihrer Interaktion mit unseren Websites verwenden wir die Daten, die wir über Ihre Geräte erheben, um Ihnen Möglichkeiten für weitere Interaktionen zu bieten, beispielsweise Diskussionen über Dienste oder Interaktionen mit Chatbots, um Ihre Fragen zu beantworten.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über zusätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucher/innen verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
2. Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
Zusätzlich zu den oben beschriebenen Arten verarbeiten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten folgendermaßen:
a. Erhebung personenbezogener Daten
Online-Aktivität.
Abhängig vom genutzten Dienst und der Art und Weise, wie unsere Geschäftsdienstleistung von den Geschäftskunden implementiert wird, können wir Daten erheben, die sich auf Folgendes beziehen:
Die Geräte und Browser, die Sie auf unseren Websites und für Websites, Apps und sonstige Online-Dienste von Drittparteien („Drittpartei-Websites“) verwenden.
Nutzungsdaten, die mit diesen Geräten und Browsern und Ihrer Nutzung unserer Dienste assoziiert sind, einschließlich Daten wie IP-Adresse, Plug-ins, Spracheinstellungen, auf den Websites und den Websites Dritter verbrachte Zeit, besuchte Seiten, angeklickte Links, verwendete Zahlungsmethoden und die Seiten, die Sie zu unseren Websites und den Websites Dritter geführt haben. Wir sammeln auch Aktivitätsindikatoren, wie zum Beispiel Mausaktivitätsindikatoren, die uns helfen, Betrug aufzudecken.
Mehr erfahren
. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
.
Informationen zu Kommunikation und Nutzung.
Des Weiteren erheben wir Informationen, die Sie uns über verschiedene Kanäle zur Verfügung stellen, beispielsweise über Support Tickets, E-Mails oder Social Media. Wenn Sie auf E-Mails oder Umfragen von Stripe antworten, erheben wir Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihren Namen und alle anderen Daten, die Sie in Ihrer E-Mail oder Ihren Antworten angeben. Wenn Sie telefonisch mit uns Kontakt aufnehmen, zeichnen wir Ihre Telefonnummer und alle weiteren Informationen, die Sie im Laufe des Gesprächs angeben, auf. Darüber hinaus erheben wir Daten über Ihre Nutzung, wie beispielsweise Ihre Anmeldung für, Anwesenheit bei oder Besuch von Stripe-Veranstaltungen und alle weiteren Interaktionen mit Mitarbeitern und Mitarbeiterinnen von Stripe.
Foren und Diskussionsgruppen.
Sofern unsere Websites das Posten von Inhalten gestatten, erheben wir personenbezogene Daten, die Sie im Zusammenhang mit ihrem Beitrag bereitstellen.
b. Verwendung personenbezogener Daten.
Zusätzlich zu der oben beschriebenen Verwendung personenbezogener Daten verwenden wir diese auf die im Folgenden aufgeführten Arten:
Verbesserung und Entwicklung unserer Dienstleistungen.
Auf unseren Websites verwenden wir Analysewerkzeuge zum Verständnis Ihrer Nutzung unserer Websites und Dienste und zur Diagnose technischer Probleme. Weitere Informationen zu Ihrer Kontrolle über die Verwendung von Cookies und Drittpartei-Analysen finden Sie in unserer
Cookie Policy
. Darüber hinaus erfassen und verarbeiten wir personenbezogene Daten auch über unsere verschiedenen Dienste, unabhängig davon, ob Sie Endnutzer/in, Endkundin oder Endkunde, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in sind, um unsere Dienste zu verbessern, neue Dienste zu entwickeln und um uns dabei zu unterstützen, unsere Dienste für Sie relevanter und sinnvoller zu gestalten.
Mehr erfahren
.
Kommunikation.
Wir verwenden Ihre Kontaktinformationen zur Erbringung unserer Dienstleistungen, was auch den Versand von Codes per SMS zu Ihrer Authentifizierung beinhalten kann.
Mehr erfahren
. Wenn Sie Endnutzer/in, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in sind, werden wir mit Ihnen mit Hilfe der Kontaktdaten, die uns über Sie vorliegen, kommunizieren, um Ihnen Informationen über unsere Dienstleistungen und die unserer Partner zukommen zu lassen, Sie zur Teilnahme an unseren Veranstaltungen, Umfragen oder Nutzer-Research einzuladen oder anderweitig mit Ihnen in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht für Marketingzwecke zu kommunizieren, einschließlich jeglicher Zustimmungs- oder Opt-out-Erfordernisse. Wenn Sie uns beispielsweise Ihre Kontaktdaten zur Verfügung stellen oder wenn wir Ihre geschäftlichen Kontaktdaten durch Ihre Teilnahme an Messen oder anderen Veranstaltungen erheben, können wir diese Daten verwenden, um mit Ihnen bezüglich einer Veranstaltung in Kontakt zu treten, Ihnen die angeforderten Informationen über unsere Dienstleistungen zur Verfügung zu stellen und Sie in unsere Marketing-Informationskampagnen einzubeziehen. Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, können wir unsere Gespräche mit Ihnen aufzeichnen, um unsere Dienste zu erbringen, unseren rechtlichen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen, Forschung und Qualitätssicherung zu betreiben und darüber hinaus zu Schulungszwecken.
Social Media und Werbeaktionen
. Wenn Sie personenbezogene Daten übermitteln, um ein Angebot, ein Programm oder eine Werbeaktion in Anspruch zu nehmen, verwenden wir die von Ihnen bereitgestellten personenbezogenen Daten zur Verwaltung des Angebots, des Programms oder der Werbeaktion. Wir verwenden die von Ihnen bereitgestellten personenbezogenen Daten zusammen mit den personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie auf Social-Media-Plattformen zur Verfügung stellen, auch für Marketingzwecke, es sei denn, wir sind dazu nicht berechtigt.
Betrugsprävention und Sicherheit.
Wir erheben und verwenden personenbezogene Daten, um betrügerische oder schädigende Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten zu erkennen und zu steuern, unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zur Betrugserkennung bereitzustellen und um unsere Dienste und Transaktionen vor unbefugtem Zugriff, unbefugter Nutzung, Manipulation oder Veruntreuung von personenbezogenen Daten, Informationen und Geldern zu schützen. Wir erheben Daten von Dritten (beispielsweise Kreditauskunfteien) und über die von uns angebotenen Dienste im Rahmen der Betrugsprävention, Betrugserkennung, Sicherheitsüberwachung und Compliance-Maßnahmen für Stripe und seine Geschäftskunden. In bestimmten Fällen können wir auch Daten über Sie direkt von Ihnen oder von unseren Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartnern und anderen Dritten zu denselben Zwecken erheben. Darüber hinaus können wir zum Schutz unserer Dienste Informationen wie IP-Adressen und andere identifizierende Daten über potenzielle Sicherheitsbedrohungen von Drittparteien beziehen.
Mehr erfahren
. Derartige Informationen helfen uns bei Identitätsverifizierungen und Bonitätsprüfungen, soweit dies gesetzlich zulässig ist, sowie bei der Betrugsprävention. Darüber hinaus können wir Technologien einsetzen, um das potenzielle Betrugsrisiko bei Personen zu bewerten, die unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen in Anspruch nehmen wollen, oder das Risiko, das sich aus versuchten Transaktionen von Endkundinnen/Endkunden oder Endnutzerinnen/Endnutzern mit unseren Geschäftskunden oder Finanzpartnern ergibt.
Einhaltung gesetzlicher Verpflichtungen.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten, um unsere vertraglichen und gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen zur Geldwäschebekämpfung, zur KYC-Gesetzgebung (Know-Your-Customer), zur Terrorismusbekämpfung, zum Schutz gefährdeter Kunden, zur Exportkontrolle und zum Verbot von Geschäften mit eingeschränkten Personen oder in bestimmten Geschäftsbereichen sowie andere gesetzliche Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen. Zum Beispiel können wir Transaktionsmuster und andere Online-Signale analysieren und diese Erkenntnisse nutzen, um Betrug, Geldwäsche und andere unlautere Aktivitäten zu erkennen, die Stripe, unsere Finanzpartner, Endnutzer/innen, unsere Geschäftskunden und andere betreffen könnten.
Mehr erfahren
. Sicherheit und Rechtskonformität unserer Dienste haben für uns oberste Priorität. Die Erhebung und Verwendung personenbezogener Daten ist für diese Zwecke unerlässlich.
Minderjährige.
Unsere Dienste richten sich nicht an Kinder unter 13 Jahren. Deshalb bitten wir diese, keine personenbezogenen Daten an uns zu übermitteln, um Dienste direkt von Stripe zu beziehen. In bestimmten Ländern können wir nach geltendem Recht auch höhere Altersgrenzen festlegen.
c. Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten.
Zusätzlich zu der oben beschriebenen Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten geben wir diese auf die im Folgenden aufgeführten Arten weiter:
Mit Stripe verbundene Unternehmen.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an andere mit Stripe verbundene Unternehmen für die in dieser Erklärung genannten Zwecke weiter.
Dienstleister oder Auftragsverarbeiter.
Um unsere Dienste bereitstellen, bekannt machen, vermarkten und bewerben zu können, arbeiten wir mit Dienstleistern zusammen. Diese Dienstleister erbringen wichtige Leistungen – von der Bereitstellung der Cloud-Infrastruktur über die analytische Auswertung von Geschwindigkeit, Genauigkeit und/oder Sicherheit unserer Dienste und die Identitätsverifizierung bis hin zu Kundenservice und Audit-Funktionen. Diesen Dienstleistern ist die Verwendung oder Offenlegung der von uns bereitgestellten personenbezogenen Daten gestattet, um Dienstleistungen in unserem Namen zu erbringen und die einschlägigen rechtlichen Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen. Zudem werden diese Dienstleister von uns vertraglich verpflichtet, die Sicherheit und Vertraulichkeit der personenbezogenen Daten, die sie in unserem Auftrag verarbeiten, zu gewährleisten. Die Mehrheit der Dienstleister, deren Dienste wir in Anspruch nehmen, befindet sich in der EU, den Vereinigten Staaten und in Indien.
Mehr erfahren
.
Finanzpartner.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an bestimmte Finanzpartner weiter, um Geschäftskunden, die solche Dienste in Anspruch nehmen möchten, Dienste anbieten zu können, und um bestimmte Dienste in Verbindung mit diesen Finanzpartnern anzubieten. So geben wir beispielsweise bestimmte personenbezogene Daten über Vertreter/innen, wie Kreditrückzahlungsdaten und Kontaktinformationen, an institutionelle Anleger weiter, die Kredite kaufen oder anbieten, die durch die von uns gewährten Kapitaldarlehen an die Geschäftskunden, mit denen sie assoziiert sind, gesichert sind.
Andere mit Einwilligung.
In manchen Fällen bieten wir eine Dienstleistung nicht an, sondern verweisen Sie stattdessen an andere (wie beispielsweise professionelle Dienstleistungsunternehmen, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um den Atlas-Dienst zu realisieren). In diesen Fällen werden wir die Identität der Drittpartei und die Informationen, die an diese weitergegeben werden sollen, offenlegen und Sie um Ihre Einwilligung bitten, diese Informationen weiterzugeben.
Unternehmenstransaktionen.
Im Rahmen einer vollständigen oder teilweisen tatsächlichen oder beabsichtigten Umstrukturierung unseres Unternehmens durch Sanierung, Fusion, Verkauf, Joint-Venture, Abtretung, Übertragung oder Führungswechsel oder im Fall einer vollständigen oder teilweisen Veräußerung unseres Unternehmens, unserer Vermögenswerte oder Aktienbestände können wir personenbezogene Daten an Dritte weitergeben. Wird Stripe ganz oder teilweise von einem anderen Unternehmen erworben, ist dieses Unternehmen dazu berechtigt, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weiterhin zu verwenden. Dies darf jedoch nur in Einklang mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung geschehen.
Einhaltung gesetzlicher Vorschriften und Schadensabwehr.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten weiter, wenn wir der Meinung sind, dass dies notwendig ist, um geltendes Recht einzuhalten, um die von den Finanzpartnern im Zusammenhang mit der Nutzung ihrer Zahlungsmethode auferlegten Regeln einzuhalten, um unsere vertraglichen Rechte durchzusetzen, um die Dienste, Rechte, den Datenschutz, die Sicherheit und das Eigentum von Stripe, Ihnen und anderen zu sichern und zu schützen, einschließlich gegen unlautere oder betrügerische Aktivitäten, und um auf rechtmäßige Anfragen von Gerichten, Strafverfolgungsbehörden, Aufsichtsbehörden und anderen öffentlichen und staatlichen Stellen zu reagieren, zu denen auch Stellen außerhalb Ihres Wohnsitzlandes gehören können.
3. Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten
Für die Zwecke der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung und anderer geltender Datenschutzgesetze stützen wir uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf eine Reihe von Rechtsgrundlagen.
Mehr erfahren
. In bestimmten Rechtsordnungen können zusätzliche Rechtsgrundlagen gelten, die im Abschnitt
Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen
weiter unten erläutert werden.
a. Vertragliche und vorvertragliche Geschäftsbeziehungen.
Wir verarbeiten personenbezogene Daten, um Geschäftsbeziehungen mit potenziellen Geschäftskunden und Endnutzerinnen/Endnutzern einzugehen und unsere jeweiligen vertraglichen Verpflichtungen mit ihnen zu erfüllen. Zu diesen Verarbeitungstätigkeiten zählen:
Erstellung und Verwaltung von Stripe-Konten und Anmeldedaten für Stripe-Konten, einschließlich der Prüfung von Anfragen zur erstmaligen oder erweiterten Nutzung der von uns erbrachten Dienste;
Erstellung und Verwaltung von Stripe Checkout-Konten;
Aktivitäten im Rahmen von Buchhaltung, Auditing und Abrechnung; sowie
Zahlungsabwicklung und damit zusammenhängende Aktivitäten wie Betrugserkennung, Verlustprävention, Transaktionsoptimierung, Mitteilungen über solche Zahlungen und damit zusammenhängende Kundendienstaktivitäten.
b. Rechtskonformität.
Wir verarbeiten personenbezogene Daten, um die Identität von natürlichen und juristischen Personen zu verifizieren, um Verpflichtungen im Zusammenhang mit Betrugsüberwachung, -prävention und -erkennung, Gesetzen im Zusammenhang mit der Identifizierung und Meldung illegaler und rechtswidriger Aktivitäten, beispielsweise im Rahmen der Vorschriften zur Geldwäschebekämpfung (AML – Anti-Money Laundering) und zur Kundenidentifizierung (KYC – Know-Your-Customer), sowie Finanzberichterstattungspflichten nachzukommen. So kann es beispielsweise erforderlich sein, die Identität eines Geschäftskunden zu erfassen und zu überprüfen, um Vorschriften zur Verhinderung von Geldwäsche, Betrug und Finanzkriminalität einzuhalten. Diese Rechtsvorschriften können uns dazu verpflichten, Rechenschaft gegenüber Dritten abzulegen und uns Prüfungen durch Dritte zu unterziehen.
c. Berechtigte Interessen.
Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, stützen wir uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf unsere berechtigten Geschäftsinteressen. Die folgende Liste enthält Beispiele für Geschäftszwecke, für die wir ein berechtigtes Interesse an der Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten haben:
Erkennung, Verfolgung und Verhinderung von betrügerischen Handlungen und nicht autorisierten Zahlungsvorgängen;
Minimierung finanzieller Verluste, Ansprüche, Verbindlichkeiten oder anderer Schäden für Endkundinnen/Endkunden, Endnutzer/innen, Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartner und Stripe;
Feststellung der Eignung für neue Stripe-Dienstleistungen sowie deren Angebot (
Mehr erfahren
);
Beantwortung von Anfragen, Zustellung von Servicemeldungen und Erbringung von Kundensupport;
Vermarktung, Analyse, Änderung und Verbesserung unserer Dienste, Systeme und Tools sowie die Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Dienste, einschließlich der Verbesserung der Zuverlässigkeit der Dienste;
Verwaltung, Betrieb und Verbesserung der Leistung unserer Websites und Dienste mithilfe von Informationen über ihre Effektivität und die Optimierung unserer digitalen Ressourcen;
Analyse und Werbung für unsere Dienste und damit verbundene Verbesserungen;
Gesamtanalysen und Entwicklung von Business-Intelligence-Lösungen, die uns dabei unterstützen, unsere Geschäftstätigkeiten auszuführen und zu schützen, fundierte Entscheidungen zu treffen und über die Leistung unseres Unternehmens zu berichten;
Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten an die Drittpartei-Dienstleister, die in unserem Namen Dienste anbieten, und an Geschäftspartner, die uns bei der Ausübung und Optimierung unserer Geschäftstätigkeit unterstützen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Gewährleistung der Netzwerk- und Informationssicherheit bei Stripe und den von Stripe erbrachten Diensten; sowie
Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten an unsere verbundenen Unternehmen.
d. Einwilligung.
Bei der Erhebung und Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten in Bezug auf unsere Interaktionen mit Ihnen und die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste wie Link, Financial Connections, Atlas und Identity können wir uns auf Ihre Einwilligung bzw. ausdrückliche Einwilligung stützen. Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auf Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung verarbeiten, haben Sie das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung jederzeit zu widerrufen, ohne dass dies Auswirkungen auf die Rechtmäßigkeit der Verarbeitung hat, die auf der Grundlage der Einwilligung vor deren Widerruf erfolgt ist.
e. Erhebliches öffentliches Interesse.
Wir können besondere Kategorien personenbezogener Daten im Sinne der DSGVO verarbeiten, wenn eine solche Verarbeitung aus Gründen eines wichtigen öffentlichen Interesses und im Einklang mit geltendem Recht erforderlich ist, beispielsweise wenn wir Überprüfungen politisch exponierter Personen vornehmen. Ferner können wir auch personenbezogene Daten im Zusammenhang mit strafrechtlichen Verurteilungen und Straftaten verarbeiten, wenn eine solche Verarbeitung durch geltendes Recht autorisiert ist, beispielsweise wenn wir ein Sanktionsscreening durchführen, um den AML- und KYC-Verpflichtungen nachzukommen.
4. Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten
Je nach Standort und geltendem Recht haben Sie im Hinblick auf unsere Erhebung, Verwendung und Offenlegung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten bestimmte Wahlmöglichkeiten:
a. Abmeldung von der elektronischen Kommunikation mit uns.
Wenn Sie keine marketingbezogenen E-Mails mehr von uns erhalten möchten, können Sie sich abmelden, indem Sie auf den in diesen E-Mails enthaltenen Abmeldelink klicken oder wie
hier
beschrieben. Wir werden versuchen, Ihre Anfrage schnellstmöglich zu bearbeiten. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir uns das Recht vorbehalten, mit Ihnen über die von Ihnen in Anspruch genommenen Dienste zu kommunizieren (beispielsweise über Support und wichtige rechtliche Hinweise), auch wenn Sie sich gegen den Erhalt marketingbezogener E-Mails von uns entscheiden. Trotzdem können Geschäftskunden Ihnen Nachrichten schicken oder uns anweisen, Ihnen in ihrem Namen Nachrichten zu schicken.
b. Ihre Datenschutzrechte.
Je nach Ihrem Standort und den dort geltenden Gesetzen haben Sie unter Umständen folgende Rechte in Bezug auf die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie gespeichert haben:
Das Recht auf Auskunft darüber, ob Stripe personenbezogene Daten verarbeitet, die mit Ihnen assoziiert sind, und wenn ja, Zugang zu diesen personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Das Recht darauf, Stripe zur Berichtigung und Aktualisierung von falschen, unvollständigen oder veralteten personenbezogenen Daten aufzufordern;
Das Recht darauf, unter bestimmten, gesetzlich festgelegten Umständen von Stripe die Löschung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Das Recht darauf, Stripe unter bestimmten Umständen (beispielsweise während der Bearbeitung eines anderen von Ihnen eingebrachten Antrags wie etwa eines Antrags auf Berichtigung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten) zur Einschränkung der Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten aufzufordern;
Das Recht darauf, dass wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die wir vorhalten, an ein anderes Unternehmen exportieren, sofern dies technisch möglich ist;
Das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung zu widerrufen, wenn die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf der Grundlage Ihrer früheren Einwilligung erfolgt;
Das Recht, der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu widersprechen, wenn wir Ihre Daten auf der Grundlage unserer berechtigten Interessen verarbeiten; sofern keine zwingenden berechtigten Gründe vorliegen oder die Verarbeitung aus rechtlichen Gründen erforderlich ist, werden wir die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten nach Erhalt Ihres Widerspruchs einstellen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Das Recht darauf, wegen der Ausübung dieser Rechte nicht diskriminiert zu werden; und
Das Recht darauf, gegen jede diese Rechte betreffende Entscheidung von Stripe Widerspruch einzulegen, indem Sie sich an die Datenschutzbeauftragten von Stripe („DSB“) unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden.
Je nach geltendem Recht haben Sie möglicherweise weitergehende Rechte in Bezug auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten. Beispiele finden Sie im Abschnitt „Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen“ unter „Vereinigte Staaten“ weiter unten.
c. Verfahren zur Ausübung Ihrer Datenschutzrechte
Besuchen Sie zur Ausübung Ihrer Datenschutzrechte unser
Datenschutzcenter
oder kontaktieren Sie uns wie unten beschrieben.
5. Sicherheit und Aufbewahrung
Wir treffen geeignete Vorkehrungen, um ein Schutzniveau zu gewährleisten, das dem Risiko bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten angemessen ist. Dazu setzen wir organisatorische, technische und administrative Maßnahmen ein, um die personenbezogenen Daten, die unter diese Erklärung fallen, vor unbefugtem Zugriff, Zerstörung, Verlust, Veränderung oder Missbrauch zu schützen.
Mehr erfahren
. Leider ist kein Datenübertragungs- oder Speichersystem absolut sicher.
Wir empfehlen, uns beim Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu unterstützen. Wenn Sie ein Stripe-Konto besitzen, können Sie dies durch die Verwendung eines sicheren Passworts, den Schutz Ihres Passworts vor unbefugter Nutzung und die Vermeidung der mehrfachen Verwendung der Anmeldedaten für Ihr Stripe-Konto auch bei anderen Diensten oder Konten tun. Wenn Sie den Verdacht haben, dass Ihre Interaktionen mit uns nicht mehr sicher sind (z. B. wenn Sie glauben, dass die Sicherheit Ihres Stripe-Kontos nicht mehr gewährleistet ist),
kontaktieren Sie uns
bitte umgehend.
Wir halten Ihre personenbezogenen Daten so lange vor, wie wir Ihnen oder unseren Geschäftskunden die Dienste zur Verfügung stellen, oder für einen Zeitraum, bei dem wir vernünftigerweise davon ausgehen, dass wir die Dienste weiterhin anbieten. Auch nachdem wir die Bereitstellung von Diensten für Sie oder einen Geschäftskunden, mit dem Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, eingestellt haben, und auch nachdem Sie Ihr Stripe-Konto geschlossen oder eine Transaktion mit einem Geschäftskunden abgeschlossen haben, können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weiterhin aufbewahren, um:
unseren rechtlichen und regulatorischen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen,
Aktivitäten zur Betrugsüberwachung, -aufdeckung und Verlustprävention zu ermöglichen, und
zur Erfüllung unserer steuerlichen, buchhalterischen und finanzwirtschaftlichen Berichtspflichten, einschließlich der Fälle, in denen eine solche Aufbewahrung durch unsere vertraglichen Vereinbarungen mit unseren Finanzpartnern vorgeschrieben ist (und in denen die Aufbewahrung von Daten durch die von Ihnen verwendeten Zahlungsmethoden vorgeschrieben ist).
In den Fällen, in denen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten aufbewahren, tun wir dies in Übereinstimmung mit allen Verjährungsfristen und Aufzeichnungspflichten, die uns durch geltendes Recht auferlegt werden.
Mehr erfahren
.
6. Internationale Datenübermittlung
Für uns als globales Unternehmen ist es manchmal notwendig, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in andere Länder als Ihr eigenes zu übermitteln, einschließlich der Vereinigten Staaten. In diesen Ländern gelten unter Umständen andere Datenschutzbestimmungen als in Ihrem Land. Bei der grenzüberschreitenden Übermittlung von Daten ergreifen wir Maßnahmen zur Einhaltung geltender Datenschutzrechte in Bezug auf eine solche Übermittlung. In bestimmten Situationen kann es erforderlich sein, dass wir personenbezogene Daten auf rechtmäßige Anfrage von Behörden (beispielsweise Strafverfolgungs- oder Sicherheitsbehörden) hin offenlegen müssen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Wenn Sie im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum („EWR“), im Vereinigten Königreich („UK“) oder in der Schweiz ansässig sind, finden Sie weitere Informationen in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
. Wenn das geltende Recht einen Datenübertragungsmechanismus verlangt, verwenden wir einen oder mehrere der folgenden Mechanismen:
Übermittlungen in bestimmte Länder oder an Empfänger, die nach geltendem Recht anerkanntermaßen ein angemessenes Schutzniveau für personenbezogene Daten bieten.
Die von der Europäischen Kommission genehmigten EU-Standardvertragsklauseln und das vom UK Information Commissioner's Office herausgegebene Zusatzprotokoll zum internationalen Datentransfer. Sie können ein Exemplar der einschlägigen Standardvertragsklauseln erhalten. Weitere Informationen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Weitere rechtmäßige Methoden, die uns nach geltendem Recht zur Verfügung stehen.
Stripe, Inc. hält sich an das EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework („EU-U.S. DPF“), die UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF und das Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, wie vom U.S. Department of Commerce festgelegt und soweit anwendbar.
Mehr erfahren
.
7. Aktualisierungen und Benachrichtigungen
Wir können diese Richtlinie von Zeit zu Zeit ändern, um neue Dienste, Änderungen unserer Datenschutzpraktiken oder der relevanten Gesetze widerzuspiegeln. Die Legende „Letzte Aktualisierung“ oben in dieser Richtlinie zeigt an, wann diese Richtlinie zuletzt überarbeitet wurde. Alle Änderungen treten in Kraft, sobald wir die überarbeitete Richtlinie zu den Diensten veröffentlicht oder auf andere Weise über die Aktualisierung informiert haben, wie dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist, je nachdem, welcher der Zeitpunkt später ist.
Wir können Ihnen Offenlegungen und Warnungen bezüglich der Richtlinie oder erhobener personenbezogener Daten durch Veröffentlichung auf unserer Website und, wenn Sie ein Endnutzer oder Vertreter sind, durch Kontaktaufnahme mit Ihnen über Ihr Stripe Dashboard, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und/oder die in Ihrem Stripe-Konto angegebene physische Adresse zukommen lassen.
8. Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen
Australien.
Sollten Sie in Australien ansässig sein und mit unserer Bearbeitung von Beschwerden, die Sie im Rahmen dieser Datenschutzerklärung vorbringen, unzufrieden sein, können Sie sich an das Office of the Australian Information Commissioner wenden.
Brasilien.
Zur Wahrnehmung Ihrer Rechte können Sie sich an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden. In Brasilien ansässige Personen, für die das Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais („LGPD“) gilt, haben die in Artikel 18 des LGPD festgelegten Rechte.
Kanada.
In dieser Erklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ den Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), den Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63 in British Columbia, den Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5 in Alberta und den Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Data in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (Quebec Private Sector Act) in Quebec. „Personenbezogene Daten“ umfasst „persönliche Informationen“ gemäß der Definition in diesen Gesetzen.
Quebec.
Der Chief Privacy Officer von Stripe ist für personenbezogene Daten im Sinne des Quebec Private Sector Act verantwortlich. Sie können per E-Mail unter privacy@stripe.com mit ihm Kontakt aufnehmen. Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten von in Quebec ansässigen Personen erheben, können wir diese Daten an Datenzentren in den Vereinigten Staaten übertragen. Dienstleister, die wir zur Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten einsetzen, können auch außerhalb von Quebec ansässig sein.
Sie haben das Recht, Zugang zu den personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie speichern, sowie ihre Berichtigung zu verlangen oder Ihre Einwilligung in die Verarbeitung dieser personenbezogenen Daten zu widerrufen. Sie können diese Rechte ausüben, indem Sie sich unter privacy@stripe.com an den Chief Privacy Officer von Stripe wenden. Wenn Sie ein Endkunde sind, sollten Sie sich zur Wahrnehmung Ihrer Rechte an den Geschäftskunden wenden, mit dem Sie Geschäfte getätigt haben.
EWR und Vereinigtes Königreich.
Zur Wahrnehmung Ihrer Rechte können Sie sich an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden. Wenn Sie im EWR ansässig sind oder wenn Stripe Payments Europe Limited als Ihr Datenverantwortlicher identifiziert wird und Sie glauben, dass unsere Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung (DSGVO) widerspricht, können Sie Ihre Fragen oder Beschwerden an die irische Datenschutzkommission richten. Wenn Sie im Vereinigten Königreich ansässig sind, richten Sie Ihre Fragen oder Bedenken an das UK Information Commissioner's Office. Wenn personenbezogene Daten für regulierte Finanzaktivitäten in Europa verwendet werden, gelten Stripe Payments Europe Limited und die lokalen regulierten Unternehmen von Stripe als gemeinsam Verantwortliche.
Mehr erfahren
. Außerdem haben Sie zusätzliche Rechte gemäß EU-U.S. DPF und UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Mehr erfahren
.
Indien.
In dieser Erklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ den Digital Personal Data Protection Act (DPDPA), sobald dieser in Kraft getreten ist. Darüber hinaus schließt der Begriff „Datenverantwortlicher“ auch „Datentreuhänder“ und der Begriff „betroffene Person“ auch „Auftraggeber“ ein, jeweils gemäß der Definition im DPDPA.
In einigen Fällen können wir uns auf die „berechtigte Verwendung“ als Rechtsgrundlage berufen, sofern dies nach DPDPA zulässig ist. Dies ist zum Beispiel der Fall, wenn Sie uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten freiwillig zur Verfügung stellen. „Consent Manager“ im Sinne des DPDPA können einen Antrag auf Widerruf oder Erteilung der Einwilligung stellen, indem sie die im folgenden Abschnitt „Kontakt“ beschriebenen Methoden verwenden, oder wie im folgenden Absatz beschrieben, oder über andere Mittel, die Stripe in Zukunft zur Verfügung stellt. Bevor wir eine solche Anfrage bearbeiten, können wir einen Autorisierungs- und Identitätsnachweis verlangen.
In bestimmten Fällen können Sie aufgefordert werden, der Erhebung und Verarbeitung Ihrer Aadhaar-Nummer durch Stripe India Private Limited und/oder seine(n) Verifizierungspartner zuzustimmen. Der Zweck dieser Erhebung besteht darin, das nach geltendem Recht vorgeschriebene Identifikationsverifizierungsverfahren zu erleichtern. Die Angabe Ihrer Aadhaar-Daten ist freiwillig. Sie können auch andere Identifikationsdokumente bereitstellen, sofern diese von uns akzeptiert werden. Ihnen wird kein Dienst verweigert werden, wenn Sie keine Aadhaar-Angaben machen.
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden bezüglich der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten in Indien haben oder wenn Sie diese Erklärung erhalten oder mit uns über den Datenschutz in einer der indischen Amtssprachen kommunizieren möchten,
wenden Sie sich bitte an unseren Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Mehr erfahren
. Alternativ können Sie sich an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden. Falls wir nicht in der Lage sind, auf Ihre Beschwerde oder Ihr Anliegen einzugehen, haben Sie das Recht, die Angelegenheit zum Data Protection Board of India weiterzuleiten.
Indonesien.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ das Gesetz Nr. 11 aus dem Jahr 2008, geändert durch das Gesetz Nr. 19 aus dem Jahr 2016 über elektronische Informationen und Transaktionen, die Regierungsverordnung Nr. 71 aus dem Jahr 2019 über die Einführung elektronischer Systeme und Transaktionen sowie die Verordnung des Ministers für Kommunikation und Informatik Nr. 20 aus dem Jahr 2016 über den Schutz personenbezogener Daten in elektronischen Systemen und ab September 2024 das Gesetz Nr. 27 aus dem Jahr 2022 über den Schutz personenbezogener Daten (PDP-Gesetz). Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Japan.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ den Act on the Protection of Personal Information (APPI). Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten betroffener Personen in Japan in Länder übermitteln, die von der Kommission für den Schutz personenbezogener Daten nicht als „angemessen“ anerkannt sind, schließen wir schriftliche Verträge mit Drittparteien ab, die sich außerhalb Japans befinden. Diese schriftlichen Verträge sehen Rechte und Pflichten vor, die denen des japanischen Act on the Protection of Personal Information entsprechen. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir sicherstellen, dass Drittparteien Ihre Daten schützen und wo sich Ihre Daten befinden, erhalten Sie oben oder von uns wie unten beschrieben. Eine Beschreibung ausländischer Systeme und Rahmenwerke, welche die Implementierung gleichwertiger Maßnahmen durch die Drittpartei beeinflussen können, finden Sie
hier
.
In einigen Fällen und soweit nach dem APPI zulässig, können wir uns auf das „öffentliche Interesse“ als Rechtsgrundlage berufen, wie beispielsweise bei der Aufdeckung von Betrug und der Verhinderung von Verlusten.
Malaysia.
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Singapur.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ den Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (PDPA) (Nr. 26 von 2012) in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung. In einigen Fällen und soweit nach dem PDPA zulässig, können wir uns auf eine „mutmaßliche Einwilligung“ als Rechtsgrundlage stützen. Dies ist zum Beispiel der Fall, wenn Sie uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten freiwillig zur Verfügung stellen.
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Schweiz.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ das Bundesgesetz über den Datenschutz (DSG) in seiner revidierten Fassung. Zur Ausübung Ihrer Rechte nach dem DSG wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten. Möglicherweise haben Sie auch zusätzliche Rechte im Rahmen des Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, sobald dieses in Kraft tritt.
Mehr erfahren
.
Thailand.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „anwendbares Recht“ den Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (PDPA). Sind wir auf bestimmte Rechtsgrundlagen angewiesen (beispielsweise „gesetzliche Verpflichtung“ oder „vertragliche Notwendigkeit“) und stellen Sie uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht zur Verfügung, können wir Ihnen möglicherweise unsere Dienste nicht rechtmäßig anbieten. Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Vereinigte Staaten.
Wenn Sie ein/e in den Vereinigten Staaten („USA“) ansässige/r Verbraucher/in sind, verarbeiten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten gemäß den US-amerikanischen Datenschutzgesetzen, einschließlich des California Consumer Privacy Act („CCPA“), Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, Florida Digital Bill of Rights, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act sowie des Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Weitere Einzelheiten finden Sie
hier
. Die Verwendung von Cookies durch Stripe, einschließlich Werbe-Cookies, ist in unserer
Cookie Policy
beschrieben.
Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten.
Als Verbraucher in den Vereinigten Staaten haben Sie – vorbehaltlich bestimmter Einschränkungen durch die Datenschutzgesetze der Vereinigten Staaten – gegebenenfalls Wahlmöglichkeiten in Bezug auf die Verwendung und Offenlegung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch uns (
Weitere Informationen
über die Metriken für die Rechte betroffener Personen). Zusätzlich zu den
oben genannten Rechten
:
Ausübung des Auskunftsrechts: Sie haben das Recht, zusätzliche Informationen über die Kategorien personenbezogener Daten anzufordern, die erhoben, verkauft, offengelegt oder weitergegeben wurden; über die Zwecke, für die diese personenbezogenen Daten erhoben, verkauft oder weitergegeben wurden; über die Kategorien der Quellen personenbezogener Daten; und über die Kategorien von Drittparteien, denen gegenüber wir diese personenbezogenen Daten offengelegt oder an sie weitergegeben haben.
Ausübung des Rechts, den Verkauf oder die Weitergabe abzulehnen: Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Drittparteien weiter. Allerdings können wir Ihre Daten, wie oben angemerkt, an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Produkte und Dienste unterstützen. Da diese Drittparteien die von Stripe gelieferten Daten für ihre eigenen Zwecke verwenden können, könnte die Lieferung von Daten durch Stripe an diese Parteien als „Verkauf“ oder „Weitergabe“ von Daten im Sinne des CCPA und anderer geltender US-Datenschutzgesetze betrachtet werden. Sie können sich
hier
gegen gezielte Werbung und den damit verbundenen „Verkauf“ bzw. die „Weitergabe“ von Daten entscheiden.
Ausübung des Rechts, die Nutzung oder Weitergabe sensibler personenbezogener Daten einzuschränken: Wir verkaufen keine sensiblen personenbezogenen Daten im Sinne der US-Datenschutzgesetze und haben dies auch in den letzten 12 Monaten nicht getan. Weitere Informationen zu unserer Erhebung und Verwendung sensibler personenbezogener Daten in den letzten 12 Monaten finden Sie
hier
.
Um einen Antrag zur Ausübung eines der oben beschriebenen Rechte zu stellen, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte anhand der im Abschnitt „Kontakt“ unten beschriebenen Methoden. Bitte beachten Sie, dass die Rechte nach einigen Gesetzen der US-Bundesstaaten nicht für personenbezogene Daten gelten, die wir erheben, verarbeiten und weitergeben, wenn Sie als Verbraucher/in handeln, um Finanzprodukte oder -dienstleistungen von Stripe für private Zwecke zu beziehen. Der bundesweite Gramm-Leach Bliley Act kann regeln, wie Stripe diese Daten stattdessen weitergibt und schützt. Weitere Informationen finden Sie in unserer
Datenschutzerklärung für US-Verbraucher/innen
.
Wir werden Ihre Anfrage verifizieren, indem wir Sie bitten, sie von der in Ihrem Konto hinterlegten E-Mail-Adresse aus zu senden, oder indem wir Informationen von Ihnen verlangen, die zur Überprüfung Ihrer Identität erforderlich sind, einschließlich Name, Adresse, Transaktionshistorie, Lichtbildausweis und sonstige mit Ihrem Konto verbundene Informationen.
Sie können schriftlich oder durch eine Vollmacht eine bevollmächtigte Vertreterin/einen bevollmächtigten Vertreter benennen, die/der in Ihrem Namen Anfragen einreicht, um Ihre Rechte gemäß dem CCPA auszuüben. Ihre Vertreterin/Ihr Vertreter kann eine Anfrage in Ihrem Namen einreichen, indem er/sie sich mit uns über die im Abschnitt „Kontaktaufnahme“ beschriebenen Wege in Verbindung setzt. Wir können Sie trotzdem auffordern, Ihre Identität direkt zu verifizieren und zu bestätigen, dass Sie der bevollmächtigten Vertreterin/dem bevollmächtigten Vertreter die Berechtigung erteilt haben, Ihre Anfrage zu übermitteln.
Global-Privacy-Control-Signale.
Stripe beachtet die Signale der Global Privacy Control (GPC) zur Opt-out-Einstellung.
Mehr erfahren
9. Kontakt
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben,
kontaktieren Sie uns
bitte. Wenn Sie eine Endkundin oder ein Endkunde sind (d. h. eine Einzelperson, die mit einem Geschäftskunden geschäftlich zu tun hat oder Transaktionen tätigt), lesen Sie bitte die Datenschutzerklärungen oder -hinweise des Geschäftskunden, um sich über seine Datenschutzpraktiken, Wahlmöglichkeiten und Kontrollen zu informieren, oder wenden Sie sich direkt an den Geschäftskunden.
10. Datenschutzhinweise für US-Verbraucher/innen
Die folgenden Datenschutzhinweise für Verbraucher/innen gelten für Sie, wenn Sie eine natürliche Person mit Wohnsitz in den Vereinigten Staaten sind und Finanzdienstleistungen von Stripe in erster Linie für Ihre eigenen privaten Zwecke in Familie und Haushalt nutzen.
Letzte Aktualisierung: 16. Januar 2024
FAKTEN
WAS MACHT STRIPE MIT IHREN PERSONENBEZOGENEN DATEN?
Warum?
Finanzunternehmen entscheiden, wie sie Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben.  Bundesgesetze berechtigen Verbraucher/innen, einige, aber nicht alle Formen der Weitergabe einzuschränken.  Darüber hinaus sind wir durch Bundesgesetze dazu verpflichtet, Sie darüber zu informieren, wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erheben, weitergeben und schützen.  Bitte lesen Sie diese Hinweise sorgfältig durch, um sich über unsere Tätigkeit zu informieren.
Was?
Die Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir erheben und weitergeben, hängen vom Produkt oder Dienst ab, den Sie bei uns in Anspruch nehmen. Diese Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Sozialversicherungsnummer
Kontaktangaben
Kontostand und Transaktionsverlauf
Details und Verlauf von Zahlungen, Transaktionen und Käufen
Wenn Sie
nicht länger
unsere Kundin/unser Kunde sind, geben wir Ihre Daten weiterhin wie in diesen Hinweisen beschrieben weiter.
Wie?
Alle Finanzunternehmen müssen zur Abwicklung ihrer Geschäfte personenbezogene Daten ihrer Kunden weitergeben. Im folgenden Abschnitt führen wir die Gründe auf, aus denen Finanzunternehmen personenbezogene Daten ihrer Kunden weitergeben können, die Gründe, aus denen Stripe sich für eine Weitergabe entscheidet, und ob Sie diese Weitergabe einschränken können.
Gründe, aus denen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben können
Weitergabe durch Stripe?
Können Sie die Weitergabe einschränken?
Für unsere laufenden Geschäftszwecke, z. B. um Ihre Transaktionen zu bearbeiten, Ihre Konten zu führen, auf gerichtliche Anordnungen und Ermittlungen zu reagieren oder um an Kreditauskunfteien zu berichten
Ja
Nein
Für unsere Marketingzwecke: um Ihnen unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen anzubieten
Ja
Nein
Für die gemeinsame Vermarktung mit weiteren Unternehmen der Finanzbranche
Ja
Nein
Für die laufenden Geschäftszwecke unserer verbundenen Unternehmen: Informationen über Ihre Transaktionen und Erfahrungen
Ja
Nein
Für die laufenden Geschäftszwecke unserer verbundenen Unternehmen: Informationen über Ihre Bonität
Nein
Keine Weitergabe durch uns
Für unsere verbundenen Unternehmen, um an Sie zu vermarkten
Nein
Keine Weitergabe durch uns
Für nicht verbundene Unternehmen, um an Sie zu vermarkten, wenn Sie Link-Nutzer/in sind
Ja
Ja
Für nicht verbundene Unternehmen, um an Sie zu vermarkten, wenn Sie Nutzer/in von Financial Connections sind
Nein
Keine Weitergabe durch uns
Zur Einschränkung unserer Weitergabe
Besuchen Sie uns online unter
https://support.link.com
Bitte beachten Sie:
Wenn Sie eine Neukundin/ein Neukunde sind, dürfen wir mit der Weitergabe Ihrer Daten 30 Tage nach dem Versand dieser Hinweise beginnen. Wenn Sie nicht länger unsere Kundin/unser Kunde sind, setzen wir die Weitergabe Ihrer Daten wie in diesen Hinweisen beschrieben fort.
Sie können sich jedoch jederzeit an uns wenden, um unsere Weitergabe einzuschränken.
Fragen?
Sie können uns jederzeit unter
privacy@stripe.com
kontaktieren oder auf
https://support.link.com
besuchen
Wer wir sind
Wer gibt diese Hinweise?
Stripe, Inc. und Stripe Payments Company sowie deren verbundene Unternehmen, die in den USA Zahlungen für Verbraucher/innen anbieten.
Was wir tun
Wie schützt Stripe meine personenbezogenen Daten?
Um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten vor unbefugtem Zugriff, Zerstörung, Verlust, Veränderung oder Missbrauch zu schützen, setzen wir im Einklang mit dem US-Bundesrecht entsprechende Sicherheitsmaßnahmen ein.  Zu diesen Maßnahmen zählen Computerschutzmaßnahmen sowie gesicherte Unterlagen und Gebäude.  Wir kontrollieren den Zugang und führen eine ständige Überwachung durch, um Datenmissbrauch zu verhindern. Von unseren Dienstleistern verlangen wir, dass sie vergleichbare Maßnahmen zum Schutz Ihrer Daten ergreifen.
Wie erhebt Stripe meine personenbezogenen Daten?
Wir erheben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zum Beispiel, wenn Sie
ein Link-Konto eröffnen;
Stripe mit der Abwicklung einer Zahlung für Waren oder Dienstleistungen beauftragen;
Stripe über Financial Connections Bankkontodaten zur Verfügung stellen.
Wir erheben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch von anderen, beispielsweise von verbundenen oder anderen Unternehmen.
Warum kann ich nicht die gesamte Weitergabe einschränken?
Das Bundesrecht erlaubt Ihnen nur,
die Weitergabe von Bonitätsangaben für die laufenden Geschäfte der verbundenen Unternehmen zu beschränken,
die Verwendung Ihrer Daten durch verbundene Unternehmen zu beschränken, die an Sie vermarkten,
die Weitergabe an nicht verbundene Unternehmen einzuschränken, die an Sie vermarkten.
Bundesstaatliche Gesetze und einzelne Unternehmen können Ihnen zusätzliche Rechte zur Einschränkung der Weitergabe einräumen. Im nachfolgenden Abschnitt „Weitere wichtige Informationen“ finden Sie weitere Informationen zu Ihren Rechten nach bundesstaatlichem Recht.
Was geschieht, wenn ich die Weitergabe für ein Konto einschränke, das ich gemeinsam mit einer anderen Person unterhalte?
Die von Ihnen getroffenen Entscheidungen gelten für alle Kontoinhaber/innen.
Definitionen
Verbundene Unternehmen
Unternehmen, die durch gemeinsames Eigentum oder gemeinsame Beherrschung verbunden sind. Dies können sowohl Finanz- als auch Nichtfinanz-Unternehmen sein.
Zu unseren verbundenen Unternehmen zählen solche, die unter dem Namen Stripe agieren, wie Stripe Payments Europe, Limited und Stripe Payments UK Ltd.
Nicht verbundene Unternehmen
Unternehmen, die nicht durch gemeinsames Eigentum oder gemeinsame Beherrschung verbunden sind.  Dies können sowohl Finanz- als auch Nichtfinanz-Unternehmen sein.
Zu den nicht verbundenen Unternehmen, an die wir personenbezogene Daten weitergeben, gehören Dienstleister, die in unserem Auftrag Dienste oder Funktionen erbringen, Geschäftskunden, mit denen Sie Transaktionen durchführen, Partner, mit denen wir Daten austauschen, um Ihnen Dienste bereitzustellen, sowie Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Gemeinsames Marketing
Eine förmliche Vereinbarung zwischen nicht verbundenen Finanzunternehmen, die gemeinsam Finanzprodukte oder -dienstleistungen an Sie vermarkten.
Zu unseren Partnern für gemeinsames Marketing gehören Unternehmen aus der Finanzbranche, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um Ihnen Finanzdienstleistungen anzubieten.
Weitere wichtige Informationen
Vermont: Wenn Ihr Konto bei uns mit einer Rechnungsadresse in Vermont verknüpft ist, werden wir keine Informationen über Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit an unsere verbundenen Unternehmen weitergeben und Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, Ihre Kreditauskunft oder Ihre Gesundheitsinformationen nicht an nicht verbundene Dritte weitergeben, um an Sie zu vermarkten – es sei denn, dies ist nach dem Gesetz von Vermont zulässig, oder Sie ermächtigen uns, diese Offenlegungen vorzunehmen.  Für gemeinsames Marketing geben wir nur Ihren Namen, Ihre Kontaktinformationen und Informationen über Ihre Transaktionen weiter.  Weitere Informationen zu unseren Datenschutzbestimmungen finden Sie in unserer
Datenschutzerklärung
und
Datenschutzcenter
.
Kalifornien: Wenn Ihr Konto bei uns mit einer Rechnungsadresse in Kalifornien verknüpft ist, geben wir personenbezogene Daten, die wir über Sie erheben, nur in dem Umfang weiter, der nach kalifornischem Recht zulässig ist.  Beispielsweise können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten offenlegen, soweit dies erforderlich ist, um Transaktionen zu verarbeiten oder von Ihnen angeforderte Produkte und Dienstleistungen auf Ihre Anfrage hin bereitzustellen, wenn dies zur Risikokontrolle des Finanzinstituts erforderlich ist, und um uns gegen Betrug, Identitätsdiebstahl und nicht autorisierte Transaktionen zu schützen.
Weitere Informationen über unsere Datenschutzpraktiken finden Sie im
Stripe-Datenschutzcenter
.
Sub-policy 5
https://permutive.com/privacy/:
Skip to content
Privacy Notice
Last updated: August 3, 2024
Welcome to Permutive. This privacy notice explains how we collect, use, and share your personal information when you:
visit our website at https://permutive.com (
“Website”
);
use our services as a Customer (
“Services”
);
provide services to us as a Supplier, and
interact with us in connection with our marketing activities, including any events or webinars we host or attend (
“Marketing Activities”
).
This privacy notice does not apply to personal information collected by our Customers from their customers and website visitors (
“Customers’ End Users”
) which they share with us when they use our Services (“Customer Data”). To learn more about how our Customers handle your personal information and how they share it with us, we recommend that you read that Customer’s privacy notice.
Please Note: When we refer to
“Permutive”
,
“we”
,
“us”
or
“the Company”
in this Notice we are referring to Permutive, Inc. and any relevant affiliate(s) involved in the processing activity, all of whom are listed in the “Contact Us” Section of this privacy notice.
We recommend that you read this privacy notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, if you only want to access a particular section of this notice, then you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section.
Useful terms
Information we collect
How we collect your personal information
What personal information we collect about you
How do we use your personal information
How we share your personal information
International data transfers
Security
Data retention
Removal from marketing communications
Third party sites
Children’s privacy
Failing to provide your personal information
Additional information for California Residents
Updates to this privacy notice
Contact us
Useful terms
“Customers”
means any of our customers (including the individuals working for our customers) to whom we provide the Services. Customers also include prospective customers, such as contacts who we have communicated with but have not yet engaged us to provide services.
“Suppliers”
means those external vendors, consultants, and service providers that provide services to Permutive.
“Permutive Website Visitors”
means individuals who visit our Website from whom we receive personal information.
“Personal information”
(or
“personal data”
) means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity of the individual has been removed or cannot be identified.
Information we collect
Categories of personal information we collect.
We may collect, use, store, transfer or otherwise process different kinds of personal information about you which we have grouped together into the following categories:
Identity Data includes first name, last name, job title, and company affiliation.
Contact Data includes email address, business address, location, telephone numbers and professional and/or social network profile details.
Financial Data includes (i) credit card and / or billing information so that we can charge you for the Services, and (ii) bank details so that we can pay for the services you provide (if this is part of the contractual arrangements between us).
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this Website.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our Website.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing or other communications from us.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal information but is not considered personal information as this data does
not
directly or indirectly reveal your identity to us where it is aggregated and anonymized.
How we collect your personal information
Directly from you.
We may ask you to provide personal information when you create a Permutive account, when you use certain parts of our Website and Services, when you attend our events and webinars, when you interact with us at a conference, during the course of your engagement to provide services to us as a Supplier, or when you correspond with us by phone, email, or otherwise.
From third-party sources.
We may collect personal information about you through your colleagues or, where available, through publicly available sources, such as professional networking sites and general market research.
Information we collect automatically.
When you visit our Website or use our Services, we may collect certain information automatically from your device through the use of cookies or similar technologies (see below).
Cookies and other technologies.
We may use cookies and other information-gathering technologies to learn more about how you interact with our Website. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. Please note that if you do this, some parts of our Website and Services may become inaccessible or not function properly. We may also record your engagement with our emails for sales and marketing purposes (this includes identifying whether emails were opened, how often they were opened, and whether links were clicked).
What personal information we collect about you
Customers.
We collect Identity Data, Contact Data, Financial Data, and Marketing and Communications Data about you or other relevant individuals at your organization in the course of setting up your account and providing the Services to you. We also automatically collect Technical Data and Usage Data about you when you access our Services (including the Customer dashboard) or interact with our Website. This information is aggregated for purposes such as reporting on usability, performance, and effectiveness.
Individuals who interact with Permutive personnel.
We may collect Identity Data, Contact Data, and Marketing and Communications Data about you when you register for and/or attend a Permutive webinar, sponsored event, or other events at which Permutive participates to facilitate your registration or attendance at a webinar or event, including sending related communications to you and information about our products and services.
Suppliers.
We collect Identity Data, Contact Data and Financial Data about you, or individuals at your organization, in the course of receiving services from you.
Permutive Website Visitors.
Where you choose to provide us with such information, we collect Identity Data and Contact Data about you when you submit web forms on our Website, such as when you request a demo. We also collect Marketing and Communications Data when you sign up to receive email communications from us. We also automatically collect Technical Data and Usage Data about you through our and our technology partners’ use of cookies and similar technologies, as described above.
How do we use your personal information
Customers
To provide the Services to your organization;
If you have a Permutive account:
To operate, maintain, and administer the Services and support;
To manage and communicate with you regarding your Service account, including Service announcements, alerts, notices, updates, and support messages; and
To respond to Service-related requests, questions, comments, and feedback.
To administer and manage our business relationship with you;
For other business purposes, such as marketing, research and analysis, business development and planning, determining the effectiveness of our Services and to improve the Services;
To send you information which we think you may find interesting (such as details about our products and services, new features, market research, reports and other relevant content), in accordance with your marketing preferences;
To comply with applicable laws, regulatory requirements and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities;
For compliance, fraud prevention, and safety. This may include using your personal information as we believe appropriate to (a) enforce the terms and conditions of the Services, (b) protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of you or others, and (c) protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity;
In the event of a merger, sale, change in control, bankruptcy, dissolution, or reorganization of all or part of our business;
To store information about you and your preferences, allowing us to customize your interactions with Permutive and the Site;
To comply with legal or regulatory requirements.
Permutive Website Visitors
To present our Website and its contents to you;
To respond to your enquiries, such as a request for information about our Services;
To send you information which we think you may find interesting (such as details about our products and services, new features, market research, reports and other relevant content), in accordance with your marketing preferences;
For other business purposes, such as marketing, research and analysis, business development and planning, determining the effectiveness of our Services and to improve the Services;
To store information about you and your preferences, allowing us to customize your interactions with Permutive and the Website;
To administer and protect our Website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data);
To deliver relevant website content to you and to measure and understand the effectiveness of the content we serve to you;
To use data analytics to improve our Website, content, marketing and user experience.
For compliance, fraud prevention, and safety. This may include using your personal information as we believe appropriate to (a) enforce the terms and conditions of the Services, (b) protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of you or others, and (c) protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity;
To estimate our audience size and usage patterns;
To comply with legal or regulatory requirements;
In the event of a merger, sale, change in control, bankruptcy, dissolution, or reorganization of all or part of our business.
Suppliers
To store (and update where necessary) your contact details on our database, so that we can contact you in relation to our agreements;
To administer and manage our business relationship with you and to obtain services from you;
In the event of a merger, sale, change in control, bankruptcy, dissolution, or reorganization of all or part of our business;
To comply with legal or regulatory requirements; and
To help us establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
Other individuals who interact with Permutive personnel.
To respond to your inquiries, such as a request for information about our Services;
To send you information which we think you may find interesting (such as details about our products and services, new features, market research, reports and other relevant content), in accordance with your marketing preferences;
In the event of a merger, sale, change in control, bankruptcy, dissolution, or reorganization of all or part of our business;
To comply with legal or regulatory requirements.
How we share your personal information
We may share and disclose your personal information with the following parties for the purposes described in this privacy notice:
Suppliers.
We use a number of Suppliers who perform functions on our behalf and/or help us in providing the Services, such as cloud-based software and hosting suppliers, CRM software suppliers and web analytics providers. We do not allow our Suppliers to use your personal information for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal information for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Professional advisors.
We may disclose personal information to professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors and insurers, as necessary in the course of the professional services they provide us with.
Group companies.
We may share information with affiliates within the Permutive corporate group to the extent such sharing of data is necessary to fulfil a request that you have submitted via our Website, or for customer support, sales and marketing, technical operations and account management purposes.
Customers.
We may share information with Customers in connection with the Services and for the purposes described above.
Successors to All or Part of Our Business.
We may share your personal information with a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding. Note that if Permutive is sold to or otherwise acquired by a third party, all of Permutive’s data assets, including the personal information you share with us, will become the property of the acquiring party. If a change happens to our business, the new owners may use your personal information in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
Compliance with laws and law enforcement; Protection and Safety.
We may disclose information about you to law enforcement agencies, regulatory or government bodies, or other third parties in order to: respond to legal process; comply with any legal obligations; protect or defend our rights, interests or property or that of third parties; or prevent or investigate wrongdoing in connection with the Website or the Services.
International data transfers
Your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are located. For example, suppliers or processors we use are based in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”) and the United States so if you are in one of those localities, this would involve a transfer to the other. Permutive has offices in both the United States and the United Kingdom so any data that is shared within the Permutive group of companies may be transferred between these locations as well.
Whenever we transfer your information internationally, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring appropriate safeguards are implemented. Please contact us if you want further information about the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal information outside the UK and EEA.
Security
Keeping your information secure is important to us. We maintain a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, including procedures designed to limit access to the data within Permutive to those who have a genuine business need to know it. Those processing your information have contractually agreed to do so only in an authorized manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
Despite these measures, please remember that Permutive cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with your information. You are solely responsible for protecting any passwords, limiting access to your devices, and signing out of websites after each session.
Data retention
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected. This may include satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information, and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Removal from marketing communications
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased services from us and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing. You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links in any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at
privacy@permutive.com
. Please note that opting out of marketing communications does not opt you out of receiving important business communications, such as service announcements or security information.
Third party sites
This Website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our Website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
Children's privacy
Our Website and Services are not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
Failing to provide your personal information
If you do not provide us with certain requested personal information or object to the processing of your personal information, this may limit our ability to provide the Services. You can still visit our Website and learn more about Permutive without giving us your personal information, but we will need your contact details to administer and respond to any enquiries you submit via the Website or otherwise.
Your rights
Individuals located in the UK and EEA have certain statutory rights in relation to their personal information. Subject to any exemptions provided by law, you may have the right to:
Access.
Request access to your personal information (commonly known as a “data subject access request”) and to certain additional information about our processing of your personal information that this privacy notice is designed to address.
Correct.
Request correction of the personal information we hold about you. This enables you to update or correct any inaccuracies in your personal information.
Delete.
Ask us to delete or remove your personal information from our system where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Transfer.
Ask us to transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal information to you and/or a third party of your choice.
Object.
You can object: (1) to processing of your personal information at any time for direct marketing purposes, (2) to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or which significantly affect you, and (3) in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information.
Restrict.
Restrict processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Withdraw.
Withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information, where we have collected and processed it with your consent.
Representation
We value your privacy and your rights as a data subject and have therefore appointed Prighter as our privacy representative and your point of contact. Prighter gives you an easy way to exercise your privacy-related rights (e.g. requests to access or erase personal data). If you want to contact us via our representative Prighter or make use of your data subject rights, please visit:
https://prighter.com/q/12427880
Data Protection Officer
If you would like to submit a question or complaint about our use of your personal information or request a response, please email our DPO at
privacy@permutive.com
and let us have enough information to identify you. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity. This is a security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
How to complain
We hope that we can resolve any query or concern that you raise about our use of your personal information.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your supervisory authority in the UK or EEA state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement or data protection laws occurred.
Legal bases for processing your personal information
We process your personal information:
For the performance of a contract. For example, if you are a customer we may process your personal information in connection with providing the Services to you such as to operate your account, administer or manage our business relationship with you.
For our legitimate interests. For example, if you are a customer, for marketing purposes, or for fraud prevention and safety purposes, we consider this processing to be a legitimate interest and that your data protection interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
For a legal obligation. For example, if we are legally required to hold your personal information to comply with applicable legal or regulatory requirements, such as disclosure to regulators and for purposes of disputes or legal proceedings affecting us.
With your consent. We may rely on your consent to process your personal information, for example with the use of cookies or for marketing purposes.
If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal bases on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at
privacy@permutive.com
.
Additional information for California residents
California law provides residents with additional rights to request access to and deletion of certain personal information, to know whether personal information is shared, and to opt out of the “sale” of personal information. Some California laws also may define “personal information” differently from this notice. To understand how we honor these California rights, to make requests regarding these rights, and to learn more about how California law defines “personal information,” please visit “
Your California Privacy Rights
”.
Updates to this privacy notice
We may update this privacy notice from time to time in response to changing legal, technical, or business developments. If we change this privacy notice, we will inform you by updating this section.
Contact us
Our Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice. If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this privacy notice, please contact us at
privacy@permutive.com
.
Or you can write to us at:
Permutive Ltd
Attn: Data Protection Officer
Floor 2, 8-10 Charterhouse Buildings,
Goswell Road,
London,
EC1M 7AN
United Kingdom
or
821 Broadway,
10th floor,
New York,
NY 10003
USA
Sub-policy 6
https://privacycenter.instagram.com/policy/:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024 |
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Instagram on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Instagram, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Instagram on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Instagram, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 7
https://twitter.com/de/privacy:
Skip to main content
Datenschutzrichtlinien
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Privacy Center
Hilfe-Center
Archiv der Datenschutzerklärungen
PDF herunterladen
X Datenschutzrichtlinien
Gültig ab: 15. November 2024
Vor dem Scrollen bitte lesen
Es ist wirklich schwer, alle mit einer Datenschutzerklärung zufrieden zu stellen. Die meisten Personen, die X nutzen, wollen etwas Kurzes und leicht Verständliches. Wir wünschten zwar, wir könnten alles, was Sie wissen müssen, in einen Post packen, aber unsere Regulierungsbehörden verlangen von uns, dass wir unseren rechtlichen Verpflichtungen nachkommen und alle Richtlinien sehr detailliert beschreiben.
Aus diesem Grund haben wir unsere Datenschutzrichtlinien so einfach wie möglich formuliert, damit Sie in der Lage sind, informierte Entscheidungen zu treffen, wenn Sie X nutzen. Unser Ziel ist, dass Sie verstehen, welche Daten wir erfassen, wie sie genutzt und wann sie weitergegeben werden, und dass Sie Kontrolle darüber haben.
Wenn Sie also nicht jedes Wort der Datenschutzerklärung lesen, sollten Sie wenigstens Folgendes wissen:
X ist eine öffentliche Plattform
Erfahren Sie, was angezeigt und durchsucht werden kann
Wir erheben einige Daten
über Sie
Erfahren Sie, was wir erfassen und wie
Dienste unserer verbundenen Unternehmen können ihre eigenen Richtlinien haben
Erfahren Sie mehr über verbundene Unternehmen
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten zur Verbesserung von X
Erfahren Sie, wie wir Ihre Daten nutzen
Sie haben die Kontrolle über Ihr Erlebnis
Erfahren Sie, wie Sie Ihre Einstellungen aktualisieren
Wenn Sie Fragen zur Datennutzung haben, dann stellen Sie sie!
Erfahren Sie, wie Sie uns kontaktieren können
Datenschutzrichtlinien
1. Daten, die wir erheben
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
3. Weitergabe von Daten
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
9. Allgemein
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
Datenschutzrichtlinien
1. Daten, die wir erheben
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
3. Weitergabe von Daten
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
9. Allgemein
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
1. Daten, die wir erheben
Die Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen, lassen sich in drei Kategorien unterteilen.
1.1 Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen.
Zur Nutzung einiger unserer Produkte und Dienste benötigen Sie einen Account, und zur Erstellung eines Accounts müssen Sie uns bestimmte Daten zur Verfügung stellen. Gleichfalls können wir, wenn Sie unsere kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste nutzen, Ihnen diese nicht zur Verfügung stellen, wenn wir Ihre Zahlungsdaten nicht erhalten. Grundsätzlich brauchen wir für viele unserer Produkte und Dienste bestimmte Daten, damit Sie sie nutzen können.
Persönliche Accounts.
Wenn Sie einen Account erstellen, müssen Sie uns einige Daten zur Verfügung stellen, damit wir Ihnen unsere Dienste bereitstellen können. Dazu gehören ein Anzeigename (zum Beispiel „Gestalter*innen“); ein Nutzername (zum Beispiel @XGestalter*innen); ein Passwort; eine E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer; ein Geburtsdatum, Ihre Anzeigesprache und Daten zur einmaligen Anmeldung bei Dritten (wenn Sie diese Anmeldemethode wählen). Sie können sich auch dafür entscheiden, Ihren Standort in Ihrem Profil und in Ihren Posts zu teilen und Ihr Adressbuch auf X hochzuladen, damit Sie leichter nach Personen suchen können, die Sie kennen. Ihre Profildaten, einschließlich Ihres Anzeigenamens und Ihres Nutzernamens, sind immer öffentlich, aber Sie können entweder Ihren echten Namen oder ein Pseudonym verwenden. Denken Sie auch daran, dass Sie mehrere X Accounts einrichten können, zum Beispiel wenn Sie verschiedene Aspekte Ihrer Identität zum Ausdruck bringen möchten, sei es beruflich oder anderweitig.
Professionelle Accounts.
Wenn Sie einen
professionellen Account
einrichten, müssen Sie uns auch eine professionelle Kategorie angeben und können uns weitere Daten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich Postanschrift, Kontakt-E-Mail-Adresse und Kontakt-Telefonnummer. Alle diese Daten sind immer öffentlich.
Zahlungsdaten.
Wenn Sie Werbeanzeigen oder andere Angebote kaufen möchten, die im Rahmen unserer kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung gestellt werden, müssen Sie uns Zahlungsdaten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich Ihrer Kredit- oder Debitkartennummer, des Ablaufdatums der Karte, des CVV-Codes und der Rechnungsadresse.
Bevorzugte Einstellungen.
Wenn Sie in Ihren
Einstellungen
bestimmte Präferenzen angeben, erheben wir diese Daten, damit wir Ihre Wünsche berücksichtigen können.
Biometrische Informationen.
Wenn Sie dazu Ihre Einwilligung gegeben haben, können wir Ihre biometrischen Daten zu Sicherheits- und Identifikationszwecken erfassen und verwenden.
Stellenbewerbungen/Empfehlungen.
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten (z. B. Informationen aus Ihrer Biografie, Ihren beruflichen Werdegang, Ihren Bildungsgang, Ihre Beschäftigungspräferenzen, Fähigkeiten und Fertigkeiten oder Ihre Aktivität und Interaktionen bei der Stellensuche, zusätzlich zu den Informationen, die wir bereits gemäß dem Abschnitt „Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen“ unserer Datenschutzerklärung weiter unten erfassen) dafür erfassen und heranziehen, Ihnen potenzielle Jobs zu empfehlen, sie an potenzielle Arbeitgeber weiterzuleiten, wenn Sie sich auf eine Stelle bewerben, sodass Arbeitgeber potenzielle Kandidat*innen finden können, und Ihnen relevantere Werbung zu zeigen.
1.2 Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen.
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, erheben wir Daten darüber, wie Sie unsere Produkte und Dienste nutzen. Mithilfe dieser Daten stellen wir Ihnen Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung und tragen dazu bei, dass X sicherer und respektvoller für alle und relevanter für Sie ist.
Nutzungsinformationen.
Wir erfassen Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten auf X, darunter:
Von Ihnen gepostete Beiträge und andere Inhalte (einschließlich Datum, Anwendung und Version von X) sowie Informationen zu Ihrer Broadcast-Aktivität (z. B. Spaces), einschließlich von Ihnen erstellter Broadcasts und deren Erstellungszeitpunkt, Ihrer Listen, Lesezeichen und Communities, denen Sie angehören.
Ihre Interaktionen mit den Inhalten anderer Nutzer*innen, wie z. B. Reposts, „Gefällt mir“-Angaben, Lesezeichen, geteilten Inhalten, Downloads, Antworten, wenn andere Nutzer*innen Sie in Inhalten erwähnen oder markieren oder wenn Sie sie erwähnen oder markieren, und Broadcasts, an denen Sie teilgenommen haben (einschließlich Ihres Verlaufs in Bezug auf angesehene/angehörte Inhalte, Kommentare, Sprechbeiträge und Reaktionen).
Wie Sie mit anderen auf der Plattform interagieren, beispielsweise mit Personen, denen Sie folgen, und Personen, die Ihnen folgen, Metadaten in Bezug auf
verschlüsselte Nachrichten
und, wenn Sie
Direktnachrichten
verwenden, auch den Inhalt der Nachrichten, die Empfänger*innen sowie Datum und Uhrzeit der Nachrichten.
Wenn Sie mit uns kommunizieren, beispielsweise per E-Mail, erheben wir Daten über die Kommunikation und deren Inhalt.
Wir erheben Daten über Links, mit denen Sie in unseren Diensten interagieren (auch in den E-Mails, die wir Ihnen schicken).
Käufe und Zahlungen.
Damit Sie unter Verwendung von X-Funktionen oder -Diensten eine Zahlung tätigen oder Geld senden können, auch über einen Vermittler, erhalten wir möglicherweise Informationen zu Ihrer Transaktion, etwa wann sie getätigt wurde, wann ein Abonnement abläuft oder automatisch verlängert wird und welche Beträge gezahlt oder erhalten wurden.
Gerätedaten.
Wir erfassen Informationen von und über die Geräte, die Sie für den Zugriff auf X verwenden, darunter:
Daten über Ihre Verbindung, wie beispielsweise Ihre IP-Adresse, den Browsertyp und verwandte Informationen.
Daten über Ihr Gerät und seine Einstellungen, wie beispielsweise Geräte- und Werbe-ID, Betriebssystem, Anbieter, Sprache, Speicher, installierte Apps und Akkustand.
Das Adressbuch Ihres Geräts, wenn Sie sich dazu entschieden haben, es mit uns zu teilen.
Standortinformationen.
Wenn Sie X verwenden, erfassen wir einige Informationen zu Ihrem ungefähren Standort, um Ihnen den erwarteten Dienst bereitzustellen, einschließlich der Anzeige relevanter Werbung. Sie können auch wählen, ob Sie Ihren aktuellen genauen Standort oder Orte, an denen Sie X zuvor genutzt haben, teilen möchten, indem Sie diese Einstellungen in Ihrem Account aktivieren.
Abgeleitete Identität.
Wir können Informationen sammeln oder erhalten, die wir verwenden, um auf Ihre Identität zu schließen, wie unten beschrieben:
Wenn Sie sich mit einem Browser oder Gerät bei X anmelden, verknüpfen wir diesen Browser oder dieses Gerät mit Ihrem Account. Vorbehaltlich Ihrer Einstellungen können wir Ihren Account auch mit anderen Browsern oder Geräten verknüpfen als mit denen, die Sie für die Anmeldung bei X nutzen (oder Ihr abgemeldetes Gerät oder Ihren Browser mit anderen Browsern oder Geräten oder von X generierten Identifikatoren verknüpfen).
Wenn Sie X andere Daten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich einer E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer, verknüpfen wir diese Daten mit Ihrem X Account. Vorbehaltlich Ihrer Einstellungen können wir anhand dieser Daten auch andere Daten über Ihre Identität ableiten, zum Beispiel indem wir Ihren Account mit Hashes von E-Mail-Adressen verknüpfen, die gemeinsame Komponenten mit der E-Mail-Adresse haben, die Sie X zur Verfügung gestellt haben.
Wenn Sie auf X zugreifen und nicht angemeldet sind, können wir anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten Rückschlüsse auf Ihre Identität ziehen.
Protokollinformationen.
Wenn Sie Inhalte auf unseren Produkten und Diensten ansehen oder auf andere Weise mit ihnen interagieren, erhalten wir möglicherweise Informationen, auch wenn Sie keinen Account erstellt haben oder abgemeldet sind, beispielsweise:
IP-Adresse und zugehörige Informationen; Browsertyp und -sprache; Betriebssystem; die verweisende Webseite; Zugriffszeiten; besuchte Seiten; Standort; Ihr Mobilfunkanbieter; Geräteinformationen (einschließlich Geräte- und Anwendungs-IDs); Suchbegriffe und IDs (einschließlich derjenigen, die nicht als Abfragen übermittelt wurden); Ihnen auf X angezeigte Anzeigen; von X generierte Kennungen; und mit Cookies verknüpfte Kennungen. Wir erhalten Protokolldaten auch, wenn Sie auf Links in unseren Diensten klicken, sich diese ansehen oder mit ihnen interagieren, u. a. wenn Sie eine andere Applikation über X installieren.
Werbung.
Wenn Sie Werbung ansehen oder mit ihr interagieren, die wir auf oder außerhalb von X bereitstellen, erfassen wir möglicherweise Informationen zu diesen Ansichten oder Interaktionen (z. B. Ansehen einer Videoanzeige oder eines Prerolls, Anklicken einer Anzeige, Interagieren mit Reposts oder Antworten auf eine Anzeige).
Cookies und ähnliche Technologien.
Wie viele Websites verwenden wir Cookies und ähnliche Technologien, um zusätzliche Daten zur Website-Nutzung zu sammeln und unsere Dienste zu betreiben. Für viele Teile unserer Produkte und Dienste, wie etwa die Suche und Anzeige öffentlicher Profile, sind Cookies nicht erforderlich. Weitere Informationen zur Verwendung von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien finden Sie
hier
.
Interaktionen mit unseren Inhalten auf Websites Dritter.
Wenn Sie sich unsere Inhalte auf Websites von Dritten ansehen, die X Inhalte wie eingebettete Timelines oder Buttons zum Posten integrieren, können wir Protokolldaten erhalten, einschließlich der von Ihnen besuchten Webseite.
1.3 Daten, die wir von Dritten erhalten.
Wenn Sie andere Online-Produkte und -Dienste nutzen, können sie Daten über diese Nutzung an uns weitergeben.
Werbepartner, Entwickler, Verleger.
Unsere Werbe- und Geschäftspartner geben Daten wie Browser-Cookie-IDs, von X generierte Identifikatoren,
IDs von Mobilgeräten, gehashte Nutzerdaten wie E-Mail-Adressen, demografische Daten oder Interessensdaten sowie auf einer Website oder App angesehene Inhalte oder durchgeführte Aktionen an uns weiter. Einige unserer Werbepartner, insbesondere unsere Werbekunden, ermöglichen es uns auch, ähnliche Daten direkt von ihrer Website oder App zu erheben, indem sie unsere Werbetechnologie integrieren. Daten, die von Werbepartnern und verbundenen Unternehmen weitergegeben oder von X von den Websites und Apps der Werbepartner und verbundenen Unternehmen erhoben werden, können mit den anderen Daten kombiniert werden, die Sie mit X teilen und die X erhält,
generiert oder
über Sie ableitet, wie an anderer Stelle in diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben.
Andere Dritte, Account-Verbindungen und Integrationen.
Wir können Daten über Sie von Dritten erhalten, die nicht unsere Werbepartner sind, wie beispielsweise von anderen X Nutzer*innen, Entwickler*innen und Partner*innen, die uns helfen, die Sicherheit und Qualität von Inhalten auf unserer Plattform zu bewerten, von unseren
verbundenen Unternehmen
und von anderen Diensten, die Sie mit Ihrem X Account verknüpfen. Sie können sich entscheiden, Ihren X Account mit Ihrem Account bei einem anderen Dienst zu verbinden und dieser andere Dienst kann uns Daten über Ihren Account bei diesem Dienst senden.
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
Aufgrund der Funktionsweise der Systeme, die unsere Dienste für Sie anbieten, ist es nicht einfach, die Verwendung der von uns erhobenen Daten aufzuschlüsseln. So kann beispielsweise dieselbe Dateninformation in verschiedener Art und Weise für verschiedene Zwecke verwendet werden, damit letztlich ein einziger Dienst erbracht werden kann. Am zweckdienlichsten ist es wahrscheinlich, die fünf wichtigsten Arten und Weisen zu erläutern, in der wir Daten verwenden. Wenn Sie Fragen haben, die nicht beantwortet werden, können Sie uns jederzeit
kontaktieren
. Mehr im Folgenden:
2.1 Betreiben, Verbessern und Personalisieren unserer Dienste.
Die von uns erhobenen Daten nutzen wir zur Bereitstellung und zum Betrieb der X Produkte und Dienste. Außerdem verbessern und personalisieren wir mit den erhobenen Daten unsere Produkte und Dienste, damit Sie ein besseres Erlebnis auf X haben, u. a. indem wir Ihnen relevantere Inhalte und Werbung zeigen, Ihnen Personen und Themen vorschlagen, denen Sie folgen können, und Ihnen helfen,
verbundene Unternehmen
, Apps von Dritten und Dienste zu entdecken. Wir können die Daten, die wir erheben, und öffentlich verfügbare Daten zum Training unserer Modelle für Maschinenlernen oder künstliche Intelligenz für die in dieser Richtlinie dargelegten Zwecke heranziehen.
Wir können die Daten, die wir von Accounts anderer Dienste erheben, bei denen Sie sich zur Verknüpfung mit Ihrem X Accounts entschieden haben, heranziehen, damit wir Ihnen Funktionen wie dienstübergreifendes Posting oder dienstübergreifende Authentifizierung bieten und unsere Dienste betreiben können.
Anhand Ihrer Kontaktdaten helfen wir anderen, Ihren Account zu finden, wenn Ihre Einstellungen dies zulassen, u. a. über Dienste von Dritten und Client-Applikationen.
Vorbehaltlich Ihrer
Einstellungen
stellen wir mithilfe Ihrer Daten unsere Dienste für Werbung und gesponserte Inhalte bereit, was dabei hilft, die Werbeanzeigen auf X für Sie relevanter zu gestalten. Anhand dieser Daten messen wir auch die Effektivität von Werbeanzeigen und helfen, Ihre Geräte zu erkennen, damit wir Werbeanzeigen auf und außerhalb von X für Sie schalten können. Einige unserer Werbepartner ermöglichen es uns auch, ähnliche Daten direkt von ihrer Website oder App zu erheben, indem sie unsere Werbetechnologie integrieren. Daten, die von Werbepartnern und verbundenen Unternehmen weitergegeben oder von X von den Websites und Apps der Werbepartner und verbundenen Unternehmen erhoben werden, können mit den anderen Daten kombiniert werden, die Sie mit X teilen und die X erhält, generiert oder über Sie ableitet, wie an anderer Stelle in unseren Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben.
2.2  Sicherheit und Schutz fördern.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten sorgen wir für den Schutz und die Sicherheit unserer Nutzer*innen, unserer Produkte, unserer Dienste und Ihres Accounts. Dazu gehören die Überprüfung Ihrer Identität, die Authentifizierung Ihres Accounts und die Abwehr von Betrug, unbefugter Nutzung und illegalen Aktivitäten. Außerdem bewerten und beeinflussen wir mithilfe der Daten die Sicherheit und Qualität der Inhalte auf X. Das beinhaltet die Untersuchung und Durchsetzung unserer Richtlinien und AGB sowie des geltenden Rechts.
2.3 Messen, Analysieren und Verbessern unserer Dienst.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten messen und analysieren wir die Effektivität unserer Produkte und Dienste und lernen besser verstehen, wie Sie sie nutzen, damit wir sie weiter verbessern können.
2.4 Kommunikation mit Ihnen über unsere Dienste.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten kommunizieren wir mit Ihnen über unsere Produkte und Dienste, u. a. über Produktaktualisierungen und Änderungen unserer Richtlinien und AGB. Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, können wir Ihnen auch gelegentlich Marketingnachrichten schicken.
2.5 Forschung.
Anhand der Daten, die Sie uns mitteilen oder die wir erheben, führen wir Forschung, Umfragen, Produkttests und Fehlerbehebungen durch, die uns helfen, unsere Produkte und Dienste zu betreiben und zu verbessern.
3. Weitergabe von Daten
Sie sollten wissen, auf welche Weise wir Ihre Daten weitergeben, warum wir sie weitergeben und wie Sie dies beeinflussen können. Es gibt fünf grundsätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir Ihre Daten weitergeben.
3.1 Wenn Sie posten und teilen.
An die breite Öffentlichkeit
. Sie weisen uns an, diese Daten so weit wie möglich offenzulegen. Die Inhalte von X, einschließlich Ihrer Profildaten (z. B. Name/Pseudonym, Nutzername, Profilbilder), sind für die breite Öffentlichkeit zur Ansicht zugänglich. Die Öffentlichkeit muss sich nicht anmelden, um einen Teil der Inhalte auf X zu sehen. X Inhalte sind auch außerhalb von X auffindbar, zum Beispiel über die Ergebnisse von Suchanfragen in Internet-Suchmaschinen oder in Videos, die heruntergeladen und anderswo geteilt wurden (abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
).
An andere X Nutzer*innen.
Abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
und basierend auf den X Produkten und Diensten, die Sie nutzen, geben wir Folgendes weiter:
Ihre Interaktionen mit X-Inhalten anderer Benutzer, z. B. Antworten und Personen, denen Sie folgen.
Inhalte, die Sie an bestimmte X Nutzer*innen senden, wie beispielsweise über
Direktnachrichten
. Zur Beachtung: Wenn Sie Daten wie Direktnachrichten oder geschützte Posts mit einer Person geteilt haben, die über einen Dienst eines Dritten auf X zugreift, können die Daten an den Dienst des Dritten weitergegeben werden.
An Partner.
Abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
stellen wir auch bestimmten Dritten Daten zur Verfügung, damit sie uns beim Angebot oder Betrieb unserer Produkte und Dienste unterstützen. In unserem
Hilfe-Center
erfahren Sie mehr über diese Partnerschaften. Ob X Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an diese Partner weitergibt, steuern Sie über die Option „Datenaustausch mit Geschäftspartnern“ in Ihren
Einstellungen für Datenschutz und Sicherheit
. (Diese Einstellung steuert nicht die Weitergabe, die an anderer Stelle in diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben wird, wie beispielsweise wenn wir Daten mit unseren Dienstleistern oder durch andere als die in diesem
Hilfe-Center
-Artikel beschriebenen Partnerschaften teilen.)
3.2 Mit Drittanbietern und Drittanbieterintegrationen.
An Dienstleister.
Wir können Ihre Daten an unsere
Dienstleister
weitergeben, die in unserem Auftrag Funktionen und Dienste erbringen, u.a. Zahlungsdienstleister, die Zahlungen ermöglichen; Servicepartner, die unsere verschiedenen Blogs und Wikis hosten; Servicepartner, die uns helfen, die Nutzung unserer Dienste zu verstehen, Anbieter von Bewerberverfolgungssystemen, die Bewerber- und Stellendaten an mögliche Arbeitgeber versenden und von ihnen enthalten, und solche, die Betrugserkennungsdienste anbieten.
An Werbekunden.
Werbeeinnahmen ermöglichen es uns, unsere Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen. Werbekunden können Daten aus Ihrer Interaktion mit ihren Werbeanzeigen auf oder außerhalb von X erhalten. Wenn Sie beispielsweise in unseren Diensten auf einen externen Link oder eine Werbeanzeige klicken, kann der Werbekunde oder der Betreiber der Website herausfinden, dass Sie von X gekommen sind, zusammen mit anderen Daten, die mit der Werbeanzeige, auf die Sie geklickt haben, verknüpft sind, wie beispielsweise Merkmale der Zielgruppe, die damit erreicht werden sollte, und andere von X generierte Identifikatoren für diese Werbeanzeige. Sie können auch andere personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen erheben, wie beispielsweise Cookie-Identifikatoren oder Ihre IP-Adresse.
Inhalte und Integrationen von Dritten.
Wir geben Ihre Daten mit Ihrer Einwilligung oder auf Ihre Anweisung hin weiter oder legen diese offen, beispielsweise wenn Sie
einen Web-Client oder eine Applikation eines Dritten autorisieren
, auf Ihren Account zuzugreifen, oder uns anweisen, Ihr Feedback an ein Unternehmen weiterzugeben. Gleichfalls arbeiten wir zur Verbesserung Ihrer Nutzung mit Dritten zusammen, damit ihre Videoinhalte auf X angezeigt oder Inhalte plattformübergreifend geteilt werden können. Wenn Sie sich Inhalte unserer Videopartner oder plattformübergreifenden Partner ansehen oder anderweitig mit diesen interagieren, können diese Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erhalten und verarbeiten, wie in ihren Datenschutzerklärungen beschrieben. Für Videoinhalte können Sie Ihre
Autoplay-Einstellungen
anpassen, wenn Sie möchten, dass die Inhalte nicht automatisch abgespielt werden.
Kooperation mit Dritten.
Wenn Sie die entsprechenden
Einstellungen
vorgenommen haben oder sich dazu entschließen, Ihre Daten weiterzugeben, können wir Ihre Informationen an Dritte weitergeben oder offenlegen. Wenn Sie sich nicht abmelden, können die Empfänger der Informationen diese in einigen Fällen zusätzlich zu den in der Datenschutzrichtlinie von X genannten Zwecken auch für ihre eigenen unabhängigen Zwecke verwenden, darunter beispielsweise zum Trainieren ihrer Modelle künstlicher Intelligenz, ob generativ oder anderweitig.
Durch unsere APIs.
Wir verwenden Technologien wie
APIs
und Einbettungen zur Bereitstellung öffentlicher X Daten für Websites, Apps und andere zu ihrer Nutzung, zum Beispiel damit Posts auf einer Nachrichten-Website angezeigt werden können oder damit analysiert werden kann, was Personen auf X äußern. Wir stellen diese Inhalte in der Regel in begrenztem Umfang kostenlos zur Verfügung und erheben Lizenzgebühren für den Zugriff in großem Umfang. Wir haben
Standard
-Geschäftsbedingungen, die regeln, wie diese Daten verwendet werden können, und ein Compliance-Programm zur Durchsetzung dieser Bedingungen. Diese Personen und Unternehmen sind jedoch nicht mit X verbunden und ihre Angebote spiegeln möglicherweise nicht die Aktualisierungen wider, die Sie auf X vornehmen. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir der Welt öffentliche Daten auf X zur Verfügung stellen, finden Sie unter
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 In Fällen, in denen es gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist, zur Verhinderung von Schaden oder im öffentlichen Interesse.
Wir können Ihre Daten aufbewahren, verwenden, weitergeben oder offenlegen, wenn wir glauben, dass es für einen der folgenden Zwecke vernünftigerweise notwendig ist:
zur Einhaltung eines Gesetzes, einer Verordnung oder
zur Erfüllung eines rechtsgültigen Verfahrens oder einer behördlichen Anfrage
zum Schutz der Sicherheit einer Person, zum Schutz der Sicherheit oder Integrität unserer Plattform, u. a. zur Verhinderung von Spam, Missbrauch oder böswilligen Akteuren auf unseren Diensten
Erklären, warum wir Inhalte oder Konten aus unseren Diensten entfernt haben (z. B. wegen eines Verstoßes gegen
unsere Regeln
);
zur Lösung von Problemen mit Betrug und Sicherheit oder technischen Problemen
zum Schutz unserer Rechte oder unseres Eigentum oder der Rechte oder des Eigentums der Personen, die unsere Dienste nutzen
Wir können außerdem verschiedene Signale und Ihre Daten zur Ableitung, Aufbewahrung, Nutzung, Weiterleitung oder Offenlegung Ihres Alter und Ihrer Identitätsinformationen heranziehen, damit wir gesetzliche Vorschriften einhalten können sowie je nach Sachlage im Interesse von Sicherheit, Schutz, Betrugsbekämpfung, Sorgfaltspflichten in Bezug auf Kund*innen und Unternehmen sowie zur Identitätsprüfung. Zu diesen Zwecken können wir Ihre Alters- und Identitätsinformationen auch an unsere Partner, Dienstanbieter und andere weitergeben oder offenlegen.
3.4 An unsere verbundenen Unternehmen.
Wir können Daten an unsere
verbundenen Unternehmen
weitergeben, damit unsere Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung gestellt werden können.
3.5 Änderung der Eigentumsverhältnisse.
Wir können Daten über Sie in Verbindung mit einer Fusion, Übernahme, Reorganisation, einem Verkauf von Vermögenswerten oder einem Konkurs weitergeben, verkaufen oder übertragen. Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die (vor und nach dem Abschluss einer Transaktion) an das neue Unternehmen weitergegeben oder übertragen werden.
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
Wir bewahren verschiedene Arten von Informationen für unterschiedlich lange Zeiträume auf, abhängig davon, wie lange wir sie benötigen, damit wir Ihnen unsere Produkte und Dienste bereitstellen und unseren gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen nachkommen können, sowie aus Sicherheitsgründen. Zum Beispiel:
Wir speichern Ihre Profilinformationen wie Ihren Anzeigenamen, Benutzernamen, Ihr Passwort und Ihre E-Mail-Adresse für die Dauer Ihres Kontos. Ohne die Speicherung dieser Informationen können wir Ihnen unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen nicht bereitstellen.
Wir speichern Ihre Nutzungsinformationen, beispielsweise die von Ihnen veröffentlichten Inhalte, Ihre Interaktionen mit den Inhalten anderer Nutzer*innen und Ihre Interaktion mit anderen auf der Plattform, solange Ihr Account besteht oder bis diese Inhalte entfernt werden.
Wir speichern Ihre Zahlungsinformationen, einschließlich Ihrer Kredit- oder Debitkartennummer und Rechnungsadresse, für die Dauer, in der Sie unsere kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste nutzen. Aufzeichnungen von Transaktionen werden im Einklang mit geltendem Recht länger aufbewahrt.
Wenn Sie mit uns kommunizieren, beispielsweise per E-Mail, bewahren wir Informationen über die Kommunikation und deren Inhalt bis zu 18 Monate lang auf, es sei denn, wir müssen sie für einen längeren Zeitraum aufbewahren, um unseren gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen oder unsere gesetzlichen Rechte auszuüben oder zu verteidigen.
Wir erfassen Geräteinformationen, Standortinformationen, abgeleitete Identitätsinformationen und Protokollinformationen im Allgemeinen mithilfe von Cookies. Wir bewahren Cookies und mithilfe von Cookies erfasste Informationen bis zu 13 Monate lang auf. Weitere Informationen zur Verwendung von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien finden Sie
hier
.
Informationen zu Ihren Ansichten oder Interaktionen mit Anzeigen mit oder ohne X sowie zu Ihrer Interaktion mit unseren Inhalten auf Websites von Drittanbietern speichern wir bis zu 90 Tage lang.
Wir speichern von Werbe- und Geschäftspartnern weitergegebene Informationen bis zu 90 Tage lang.
Wenn Sie gegen unsere Regeln verstoßen und Ihr Account gesperrt wird, können wir die Identifikatoren, die Sie zur Erstellung des Accounts verwendet haben (z. B. E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer), auf unbestimmte Zeit speichern. Dadurch wollen wir verhindern, dass Wiederholungstäter*innen neue Accounts erstellen.
Um gesetzliche Anforderungen zu erfüllen und aus Sicherheitsgründen müssen wir bestimmte Informationen möglicherweise länger aufbewahren, als in unseren Richtlinien angegeben. Zum Beispiel:
Damit wir einem Gesetz, einer Verordnung, einem rechtsgültigen Verfahren oder einer behördlichen Anfrage nachkommen können.
Darunter fällt die Erfüllung einer rechtlich angemessenen Aufbewahrungsanfrage von Strafverfolgungsbehörden. Weitere Informationen zum Zugriff durch Strafverfolgungsbehörden finden Sie
hier
.
Im Zusammenhang mit Rechtsansprüchen, Rechtsstreitigkeiten und behördlichen Angelegenheiten.
Einschließlich der Fälle, in denen es vernünftigerweise notwendig ist, Informationen zu Ihrem Konto aufzubewahren, um X gegen Rechtsansprüche zu verteidigen.
Um die Sicherheit unserer Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu gewährleisten.
Einschließlich der Fälle, in denen es erforderlich ist, Ihre Daten länger zu speichern, um den Missbrauch unserer Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu untersuchen und zu bekämpfen.
Bedenken Sie, dass öffentliche Inhalte auch nach ihrer Entfernung von X noch woanders vorhanden sein können. Suchmaschinen und andere Drittanbieter können beispielsweise Kopien Ihrer Beiträge auf Grundlage ihrer eigenen Datenschutzrichtlinien länger aufbewahren, selbst nachdem sie auf X gelöscht wurden oder abgelaufen sind. Weitere Informationen zur Suchsichtbarkeit finden Sie
hier
.
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
5.1 Zugriff, Berichtigung, Übertragbarkeit.
Sie können auf die Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung gestellt haben, zugreifen, sie berichtigen oder ändern, indem Sie Ihr Profil bearbeiten und Ihre Account-
Einstellungen
anpassen.
Unter
Deine X Daten
erfahren Sie mehr über die Daten, die wir über Sie erhoben oder abgeleitet haben.
Hier
können Sie Zugriff auf weitere Daten anfordern.
Sie können eine Kopie Ihrer Daten, z. B. Ihrer Posts, herunterladen, indem Sie den Anweisungen
hier
folgen.
Zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre und zur Aufrechterhaltung der Sicherheit ergreifen wir Maßnahmen zur Überprüfung Ihrer Identität, bevor wir Ihnen Auskunft über Ihre personenbezogenen Daten gewähren oder einem Antrag auf Löschung, Übertragbarkeit oder einem anderen damit zusammenhängenden Antrag nachkommen. In bestimmten Situationen können wir Ihren Antrag auf Zugriff, Berichtigung oder Übertragbarkeit ablehnen, z. B. wenn Sie Ihre Identität nicht nachweisen können.
5.2 Löschung Ihrer Daten.
Wenn Sie den Anweisungen
hier
folgen, wird Ihr Account deaktiviert und Ihre Daten werden in eine Warteschlange zur Löschung gestellt. Ist Ihr X Account deaktiviert, sind der Account, Ihr Anzeigename, Ihr Nutzername und Ihr öffentliches Profil auf X.com, in X für iOS und in X für Android nicht mehr sichtbar. Bis zu 30 Tage nach der Deaktivierung ist eine Wiederherstellung Ihres X Accounts möglich, falls er versehentlich oder fälschlich deaktiviert wurde.
5.3 Widerspruch, Einschränkung oder Rückzug Ihrer Einwilligung.
Hier
können Sie Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen und andere Account-Funktionen verwalten. Wenn Sie Ihre Einstellungen ändern, kann es einige Zeit dauern, bis Ihre Auswahl in unseren Systemen vollständig umgesetzt ist. Abhängig davon, welche Einstellungen Sie angepasst haben, können Sie auch Änderungen bei Ihrer X Nutzung oder Einschränkungen beim Zugriff auf bestimmte Funktionen feststellen. Sie können auch zusätzliche Einstellungen verwalten, wenn Sie mit bestimmten Inhalten und Funktionen in verschiedenen Teilen der Plattform interagieren, z. B. ob ein
Space
aufgezeichnet wird oder ob
Videos, die Sie hochladen,
von anderen heruntergeladen werden können.
5.4 Anfragen von bevollmächtigten Vertreter*innen.
Wenn Sie eine Anfrage bezüglich des Zugriffs, der Berichtigung oder der Löschung Ihrer Daten oder der Daten einer anderen Person, deren bevollmächtigte*r Vertreter*in Sie sind, stellen möchten, können Sie sich auch mit der Methode an uns wenden, die im Abschnitt „Wie kann ich X kontaktieren?“ unserer Datenschutzrichtlinien unten beschrieben ist. Wir können von Ihnen verlangen, dass Sie zusätzliche Daten zur Überprüfung zur Verfügung stellen.
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
Wir stellen X Personen auf der ganzen Welt zur Verfügung und bieten allen unseren Nutzer*innen, unabhängig von ihrem Wohnort, viele der gleichen Datenschutz-Tools und Kontrollmöglichkeiten. Es kann jedoch sein, dass sich Ihre Nutzung etwas anders gestaltet als für Nutzer*innen in anderen Ländern. Das soll sicherstellen, dass X die lokalen Anforderungen respektiert.
6.1 Wir stützen uns bei der Nutzung Ihrer Daten auf bestimmte Rechtsgrundlagen.
X hat die Rechtsgrundlagen, auf deren Grundlage es X erlaubt ist, Ihre Daten zu erheben, zu verwenden, weiterzugeben und anderweitig zu verarbeiten, sorgfältig geprüft. Wenn Sie mehr erfahren und die Feinheiten besser verstehen möchten, empfehlen wir Ihnen, sich diese
zusätzlichen Informationen über die Datenverarbeitung
anzusehen. Und nein, wir verkaufen Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht.
6.2 Wir verlagern Ihre Daten, damit X für Sie funktioniert.
So wie Sie sich mit X nahtlos an globalen Konversationen mit Personen in Ländern auf der ganzen Welt beteiligen, muss X Daten über Grenzen hinweg und in verschiedene Länder auf der ganzen Welt verlagern, damit der sichere und zuverlässige Dienst, auf den Sie sich verlassen, möglich wird. Wenn Sie zum Beispiel in Europa leben und eine Konversation mit jemandem in den USA führen, müssen Daten zwischen diesen Ländern ausgetauscht werden, damit die Konversation möglich wird. Das ist es, was Sie von uns erwarten.
Wir nutzen auch Rechenzentren und Cloud-Anbieter und beauftragen
unsere verbundenen Unternehmen
sowie Dritte und
Dienstleister
in vielen Teilen der Welt, damit sie uns bei der Bereitstellung unserer Dienste helfen. Bevor wir Daten zwischen Ländern übertragen, prüfen wir die Risiken, die für die Daten bestehen können, und verlassen uns, sofern zutreffend, auf
Standardvertragsklauseln
(SCCs), um sicherzustellen, dass Ihre Datenschutzrechte geschützt sind. Um eine Kopie der SCCs anzufordern, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte
hier
. Wenn Daten an Dritte weitergegeben werden, verlangen wir von ihnen, dass sie den gleichen Schutz für Ihre Daten gewährleisten, wie wir selbst bieten.
X ist an Datenschutz-Rahmenvereinbarungen (Data Privacy Frameworks, DPF) zwischen der EU und den USA und zwischen der Schweiz und den USA und an der Ausweitung des EU-US PDF auf das Vereinigte Königreich
beteiligt
. X beachtet bei jeglicher Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten, die aus der Europäischen Union, der Schweiz und dem Vereinigten Königreich stammen, die DPF-Prinzipien in Bezug auf die DPF zwischen der EU und den USA bzw. der Schweiz und den USA bzw. in Bezug auf die Ausweitung des EU-US PDF auf das Vereinigte Königreich. Wenn Sie eine Anfrage oder Beschwerde bezüglich unserer Teilnahme am DPF haben, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte
hier
. Im Rahmen unserer Beteiligung an den DPF versuchen wir bei Streitigkeiten zwischen Ihnen und uns in Bezug auf unsere Einhaltung der DPF-Prinzipien, diese durch unser internes Beschwerdeverfahren zu lösen, alternativ durch die in den USA basierte unabhängige Schlichtungsstelle
JAMS
, und unter bestimmten Bedingungen durch das DPF-Schlichtungsverfahren anhand der Verfahren und gemäß den Bedingungen, die in
Anhang 1
zu den DPF-Prinzipien beschrieben sind. DPF-Teilnehmer unterliegen den Untersuchungs- und Durchsetzungsbefugnissen der US-amerikanischen Federal Trade Commission und anderer autorisierter gesetzlicher Stellen. Unter bestimmten Umständen können die beteiligten Parteien für die Übertragung personenbezogener Daten aus der EU, der Schweiz und dem Vereinigten Königreich an Dritte außerhalb der EU, der Schweiz und des Vereinigten Königreichs haftbar sein. Weitere Informationen zum EU-US-DPF, zum Schweiz-US-DPF und zur britischen Erweiterung des EU-US-DPF
finden Sie hier
.
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
Die aktuellste Version dieser Datenschutzerklärung regelt unsere Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten und wir können diese Datenschutzerklärung gelegentlich nach Bedarf überarbeiten.
Wenn wir diese Datenschutzrichtlinien überarbeiten und Änderungen vornehmen, die wir als wesentlich erachten, werden wir Sie darüber informieren und Ihnen die Möglichkeit geben, die überarbeiteten Datenschutzrichtlinien zu überprüfen, bevor Sie X weiter nutzen.
9. Allgemein
Die X Datenschutzrichtlinien sind auf Englisch verfasst, werden aber durch Übersetzungen in mehreren Sprachen verfügbar gemacht. X strebt an, dass die Übersetzungen die englische Originalversion so genau wie möglich wiedergeben. Im Falle von Abweichungen oder Unstimmigkeiten hat jedoch die englischsprachige Version der X Datenschutzrichtlinien Vorrang. Sie erkennen an, dass Englisch die Referenzsprache für die Interpretation und Konstruktion der Bedingungen der X Datenschutzrichtlinien ist.
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
Wir möchten von Ihnen hören, wenn Sie Gedanken oder Fragen zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben. Sie können uns über unsere Seite für
Anfragen zum Datenschutz
kontaktieren oder uns an die unten angegebene Adresse schreiben.
Informationen zu unserer Handhabung von Anfragen im Rahmen des California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) finden Sie
hier
. Informationen zur Handhabung von „Consumer Health Data“ und zu zugehörigen Anfragen, wie sie im „My Health My Data Act“ des US-Bundesstaates Washington und in anderen, ähnlichen Gesetzen von US-Bundesstaaten definiert sind, finden Sie
hier
.
Wenn Sie in den USA oder einem anderen Land außerhalb der Europäischen Union, der EFTA-Staaten oder des Vereinigten Königreichs leben, ist der für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten Verantwortliche X Corp. unter folgender Adresse:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
Wenn Sie in der Europäischen Union, den EFTA-Staaten oder dem Vereinigten Königreich leben, ist der Datenverantwortliche, der für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verantwortlich ist, Twitter International Unlimited Company mit der folgenden Adresse:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRLAND
Wenn Sie in der Schweiz wohnen, können Sie unseren Vertreter auch unter der folgenden Adresse kontaktieren:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
Wenn Sie Bedenken bezüglich unserer
Datenverarbeitungspraktiken
äußern möchten, haben Sie das Recht, sich über die auf ihrer Website aufgelisteten
Kontaktdaten
an Ihre örtliche Aufsichtsbehörde oder an die federführende Aufsichtsbehörde der Twitter International Unlimited Company, die Irish Data Protection Commission, zu wenden.
Vorherige Erklärungen anzeigen
Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle über Ihre Privatsphäre
Einstellungen anpassen
Cookies… aber nicht zum Essen...
X und seine Partner möchten dir mit Cookies einen besseren, sichereren und
  schnelleren Service bieten und unser Geschäft unterstützen. Einige Cookies sind erforderlich,
  wenn du unsere Services nutzen möchtest, verbessern unsere Services und sorgen dafür, dass sie korrekt funktionieren.
Mehr über deine Wahlmöglichkeiten erfahren
.
Alle Cookies akzeptieren
Unwesentliche Cookies ablehnen
Sub-policy 8
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
LinkedIn respects your privacy
LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including
professional and job ads
) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your
settings
.
Accept
Reject
Privacy Policy
Effective September 18, 2024
LinkedIn's global Privacy Policy below applies worldwide. If you're located in the EU, EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you can review additional information that will apply to you in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Your Privacy Matters
LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users
choices
about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy,
Cookie Policy
, Settings and our
Help Center.
Choices
﻿
Settings
are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls.
Learn More
.
Table of Contents
Data We Collect
How We Use Your Data
How We Share Information
Your Choices and Obligations
Other Important Information
Introduction
We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Visitor to our Services.
Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-Members (“Visitors”).
We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Members and Visitors located in the Designated Countries or the UK can review additional information in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Services
This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, and other LinkedIn-branded sites, apps, communications and services offered by LinkedIn (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our
California Privacy Disclosure
.
Data Controllers and Contracting Parties
If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of (or business responsible for) your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates.
Change
Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.”
LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may
close your account.
You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.
1. Data We Collect
1.1 Data You Provide To Us
You provide data to create an account with us.
Registration
To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, general location (e.g., city), and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information.
You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services).
Profile
You have
choices
about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo,
city or area
, endorsements, and optional
verifications
of information on your profile (such as verifications of your identity or workplace). You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include
sensitive information
on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available.
You may give other data to us, such as by syncing your calendar.
Posting and Uploading
We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.
If you sync your calendars with our Services, we will collect your calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts.
You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services.
1.2 Data From Others
Others may post or write about you.
Content and News
You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of
mentions in the news
.
Others may sync their calendar with our Services
Contact and Calendar Information
We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles.
Customers and partners may provide data to us.
Partners
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data.
Related Companies and Other Services
We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our
Affiliates
, including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services
1.3 Service Use
We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies,
device information
and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use.
1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies.
As further described in our
Cookie Policy
, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness.
Learn more
. You can
opt out
from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors,
the controls are
here
.
1.5 Your Device and Location
We receive data through cookies and similar technologies
When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
1.6 Communications
If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that.
We collect information about you when you communicate with others through our Services (e.g., when you send, receive, or engage with messages, events, or connection requests, including our marketing communications). This may include information that indicates who you are communicating with and when. We also use
automated systems
to support and protect our site. For example, we use such systems to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or
Professional Community Policies
.
1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information
When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you.
Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “
LinkedIn Page
” (formerly Company Page) administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products.
1.8 Sites and Services of Others
We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account.
We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies.
1.9 Other
We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates
Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation.
2. How We Use Your Data
We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services.
How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your
settings
. We may use your personal data to improve, develop, and provide products and Services, develop and train artificial intelligence (AI) models, develop, provide, and personalize our Services, and gain insights with the help of AI, automated systems, and inferences, so that our Services can be more relevant and useful to you and others. You can review LinkedIn's Responsible AI principles
here
and learn more about our approach to generative AI
here
.
Learn more
about the inferences we may make, including as to
your age and gender
and how we use them.
2.1 Services
Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive.
We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings.
Stay Connected
Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their
settings
, when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities.
We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event).
It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can
choose
whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections.
Visitors have
choices
about how we use their data.
Stay Informed
Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity. So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain Members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your
settings
, we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a
social action
, used a feature, made new connections or were
mentioned in the news
.
Career
Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a
specific task
) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs and show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are
interested
in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services.
Productivity
Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your
settings
allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps.
Learn more
.
2.2 Premium Services
Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content.
We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you
opt-out
. We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include
TeamLink
and
LinkedIn Pages
(e.g., content analytics and followers).
2.3 Communications
We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages.
We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication
preferences
at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
We also enable
communications
between you and others through our Services, including for example
invitations
,
InMail
,
groups
and
messages
between connections.
2.4 Advertising
We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services. We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing non-personalized ads.
We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined:
Data collected by advertising technologies on and off our Services using pixels, ad tags (e.g., when an advertiser installs a LinkedIn
tag
on their website), cookies, and other device identifiers;
Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);
Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections,
groups
participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3;
Information from advertising
partners
, vendors and
publishers
; and
Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member).
Learn more
about the inferences we make and how they may be used for advertising.
Learn more
about the ad technologies we use and our advertising services and partners. You can learn more about our compliance with laws in the Designated Countries or the UK in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
We will show you ads called
sponsored content
which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your
settings
, if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown.
Ad Choices
You have choices regarding our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. Member settings
can be found here
. For Visitors,
the setting is here
.
Info to Ad Providers
We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. We seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so where legally required, and in such instances, we take steps to ensure that consent has been provided before processing data from them.
2.5 Marketing
We promote our Services to you and others.
In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services.
2.6 Developing Services and Research
We develop our Services and conduct research
Service Development
We use data, including public feedback, to conduct
research
and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity.
Other Research
We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these
jobs
and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under
controls
that are designed to protect your privacy. We may also make public data available to
researchers
to enable assessment of the safety and legal compliance of our Services. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data.
Surveys
Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may
opt-out
of survey invitations.
2.7 Customer Support
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).
2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You
We use data to generate insights that do not identify you.
We use your
data
to perform analytics to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our Members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on (e.g., for basic business reporting to support billing and budget management or, subject to your
settings
, for reports to advertisers who may use them to inform their advertising campaigns), to show Members' information about engagement with a
post
or LinkedIn
Page
, to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights, or to understand usage of our services.
2.9 Security and Investigations
We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We and our Affiliates, including Microsoft, may use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of the law, our
User Agreement
and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors, company, Affiliates, or others.
Social Action
E.g. like, comment, follow, share
Partners
Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others
3. How We Share Information
3.1 Our Services
Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings.
Profile
Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your
settings
, it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third-party search tools). As detailed in our
Help Center
, your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their
usage of our Services
, access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile.
Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages
Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments.
When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your
settings
). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).
In a
group
, posts are visible to others according to group type. For example, posts in private groups are visible to others in the group and posts in public groups are visible publicly. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your
settings
.
Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by those organizations and others who view those pages' content.
When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.
We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your
settings
where applicable.
Subject to your
settings
, we let a Member know when you view their profile. We also give you
choices
about letting organizations know when you've viewed their Page.
When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it).
Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages.
Enterprise Accounts
Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services.
Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services).
Subject to your
settings
, when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services.
3.2 Communication Archival
Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service.
Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.
3.3 Others’ Services
You may link your account with others’ services so that they can look up your contacts’ profiles, post your shares on such platforms, or enable you to start conversations with your connections on such platforms. Excerpts from your profile will also appear on the services of others.
Subject to your
settings
, other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data (e.g., your name, title, and company) will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may
revoke
the link with such accounts.
The information you make available to others in our Services (e.g., information from your profile, your posts, your engagement with the posts, or message to Pages)
may be available to them on other services
. For example, search tools, mail and calendar applications, or talent and lead managers may show a user limited profile data (subject to your
settings
), and social media management tools or other platforms may display your posts. The information retained on these services may not reflect updates you make on LinkedIn.
3.4 Related Services
We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities.
We will share your personal data with our Affiliates to provide and develop our Services. For example, we may refer a query to Bing in some instances, such as where you'd benefit from a more up to date response in a chat experience. In regions outside the Designated Countries, we may also share your publicly-shared content (such as your public LinkedIn posts) with our Affiliates, including Microsoft, to provide or develop their services.
Where allowed
, we may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history.
3.5 Service Providers
We may use others to help us with our Services.
We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, customer support, marketing and development). They will have access to your information (e.g., the contents of a customer support request) as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. If you purchase a Service from us, we may use a payments service provider who may separately collect information about you (e.g., for fraud prevention or to comply with legal obligations).
3.6 Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others.
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services or the products or services of our Affiliates (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our
Data Request Guidelines
and
Transparency Report
.
3.7 Change in Control or Sale
We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
4. Your Choices & Obligations
4.1 Data Retention
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open.
We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form.
4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
We provide many
choices
about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your
profile
and controlling the visibility of your
posts
to advertising
opt-outs
and
communication
controls. We offer you
settings
to control and manage the personal data we have about you.
For personal data that we have about you, you can:
Delete Data
: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data
: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data
: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data
: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Visitors can
learn more about how to make these requests here
. You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Residents in the
Designated Countries and the UK
, and
other regions
, may have additional rights under their laws.
4.3 Account Closure
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.
If you choose to close your
LinkedIn
account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.
We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have
restricted
your account for breach of our
Professional Community Policies
), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search tools) until they refresh their cache.
5. Other Important Information
5.1. Security
We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services.
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our
Safety Center
for additional information about safely using our Services, including
two-factor authentication
.
5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We store and use your data outside your country.
We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders.
Learn more
. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country.
5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings.
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.”
Learn more
.
Where we rely on your
consent
to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.
Learn More
. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please
contact our Data Protection Officer here
.
If you're located in one of the Designated Countries or the UK, you can learn more about our lawful bases for processing in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals.
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Learn more
about this and about our response to “do not track” signals.
5.5. Contact Information
You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints.
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first
contact LinkedIn
online. You can also reach us by
physical mail
. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more
options
. Residents in the
Designated Countries
and
other regions
may also have the right to
contact our Data Protection Officer here
or at
DPO@linkedin.com
. If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more
options
under their laws.
Consent
Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.