Support
No warranty nor support is provided for free applications (apps), however, if you have questions regarding the use or suggestions, you may email the address in the about view or tab in the app.
Privacy Policy
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted in our apps for iPhone, iPad, Mac and any other devices and platforms, or websites.
Information we collect
No identifying application data or personal information is transmitted to severs in our control, unless this data is voluntarily and intentionally  submitted by you with your consent in which case we reserve the right to use submitted data freely for scientific and not-for-profit purposes as long as your privacy is not compromised. For example if you take a scientific or medical survey and submit it to us, it will be transmitted to our servers securely and stored for analysis.
Any research publications or datasets that are produced with your intentionally  submitted data will be de-identified and aggregated prior to publication to preserve your privacy. Research will be performed with written or verbal user consent and Institutional Review Board approval.
Technical basics
We may use cookies on the site and similar tokens in the app to keep you logged in.
Our server software may also store basic technical information, such as your IP address, in temporary memory or logs as an unavoidable side effect of their operation.
Intentionally submitted user data such as surveys will be stored on our servers such that if the security of the server was compromised, your identity could not be determined from your data.
iCloud
We may store some of your data in Apple’s iCloud service, such as application data, to enable some sync features between all devices signed into your Apple ID.
Analytics
We may collect aggregate, anonymous statistics, such as the percentage of users who use particular features, to improve the app.
Information usage
We use the information we collect to operate and improve our website, apps, and customer support.
We do not share personal information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to accomplish the app's functionality. We may share anonymous, aggregate statistics with outside parties, such as how many people use the app.
We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.
In the future, we may sell to, buy, merge with, or partner with other institutions or businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
Security
We implement a variety of security measures to help keep your information secure.
Accessing, changing, or deleting information
You may access or change your information from the iOS apps. Please contact us if you wish for any intentionally and voluntarily submitted data to be deleted from our servers or files.
We may delete your information at any time and for any reason, such as technical needs, legal concerns, abuse prevention, removal of idle accounts, data loss, or any other reason.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Information for European Union Customers
By using our apps and providing your information, you authorize us to collect, use, and store your information outside of the European Union.
International Transfers of Information
Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used.
Your Consent
By using our site or apps, you consent to our privacy policy and any terms of use agreement presented upon first launch of the application. You may not use the app if you do not agree to the terms of use and accept this privacy policy.
Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email the address in the about view or tab in the app.