Skip to content
Skip to main navigation
Skip to 1st column
Skip to 2nd column
ja_mageia
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: April 13, 2016
This privacy policy describes how we collect and use your personal information and other online information. It also describes how you can access and update this information. If you have any question about this privacy policy, you can contact us by email at
support@umatey.com
.
What We Collect and How We Use It
Our vision is to improve your experience from using our services and to provide you with as many benefits as possible. The key way in which we can get it done is to provide you as many conveniences as possible. We strive to improve your experience on our web sites and in our applications. All these are the main reasons we collect information.
Umatey.com
When you become a member of Umatey.com, we collect your name, email address, phone number, and physical address ("Personal Information"). We use your Personal Information generally to improve and personalize our services. We also collect non-personal information pertaining to our merchant partners you visit, the purchases you make, and the offers you view ("Online Information"). We use Online Information to provide more relevant offers for you when you visit us or use our applications and services.
Web Links and Mobile Application
When you use the web links on Umatey.com or our mobile applications, we will collect your browsing history and your Online Information. We share this Online Information as needed with our affiliate network partners and merchant partners, and we use it to provide you more relevant and interesting offers. We may also share Online Information on an anonymous basis with our corporate affiliates (companies owned by Parent Corporation of Umatey.com) in order to understand industry trends. This anonymous Online Information may be aggregated with other information and shared as general online analysis and trends.
Social Media
Our website includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and a “share this” button. These features may collect your IP address and the page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These social media features may be hosted by us or a third party. Your interactions with social media features hosted by third parties (such as the Facebook Like button) are governed by the privacy policies of the companies providing them.
Third Party Log-In Services
We provide options for you to log in to Umatey.com and our mobile apps using iCloud, iTunes, Facebook, LinkedIn, Google, and Microsoft Account. These services authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address in order to pre-populate our sign up form. These services allow you to share information about your activities on Umatey.com with others in your network. We may integrate with, and make available to you, other third-party log-in services in the future.
Umatey Account
You will need a Umatey account if you want to use some of our services and mobile apps. You can create a Umatey account either by using our local Log-in service or a Third Party Log-in Service. To create a Umatey account, you need to provide more information about you.
Who Accesses Your Personal Information
We share your Personal Information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties. Only a very limited number of our employees ever have access to your Personal Information, which they use only to serve you or answer your questions. We may use contractors or vendors to help us provide some of the services on Umatey.com, some of whom may be our corporate affiliates . If we need to disclose Personal Information for them to provide such services, it is with the requirement that such Personal Information will be kept confidential and will be used only for those services. We reserve the right to disclose information we collect (including Personal Information) as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us or our corporate affiliates, or to protect us, our corporate affiliates, or our members from losses.
How We Keep Your Information Secure
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We use secure and encrypted connections (SSL connections) on all pages where you access or transmit Personal Information. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is absolutely secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Your Privacy with Umatey
Umatey will never ask for your email address, username, password or any other Personal Information in an unsolicited phone call, email or letter. Further, any contact with Umatey customer service in which Personal Information is exchanged with a customer service representative will be used only for the purpose of satisfying your request. Any Personal Information you provide will not be recorded or used for any reason beyond that of the stated request. We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it regularly. Umatey contains links to many other websites. Each of these websites should have its own privacy policy that may differ materially from this privacy policy. If you wish to receive special offers directly from a merchant partner, this privacy policy does not apply to those communications. Instead, please refer to the relevant merchant partner’s privacy policy.
Our Policies On Email
Umatey sends two types of emails to members: customer service emails required and promotional emails containing offers. You may choose not to receive promotional emails at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link in any promotional email.
Cookies and Other Technologies
We and our vendors use technologies such as cookies, tags, and scripts for purposes of analyzing trends, administering our site, and tracking users' movements around our site. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. We use cookies for authentication, website personalization, and order tracking. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level.
Other Information We Collect
As is true of most web sites, we gather and store certain information automatically. This information may include, but is not necessarily limited to, internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about users in order to improve our services and to guard against malicious activity.
Your Responsibilities
It is your responsibility to update and maintain accurate contact information in your Umatey account. You can make changes by visiting your account page and entering corrections. The email and street address that you enter into your personal profile page is the information that will be used for all contacts with you. Umatey is not responsible for mails sent to an incorrect addresses provided by you. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Please feel free to contact us at
support@umatey.com
if you have any questions about our Privacy policy .
Next
Main Menu
Home
Products
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2005 - 2025 UMateY.