Privacy Policy
Effective date: July 21, 2019
Decibels ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Decibels mobile application (the
  "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and
  disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have
  associated with that data. Our Privacy Policy  for Decibels is created with the
  help of the
Free
  Privacy Policy Generator
.
Information Collection And Use
We do not collect any data with the app.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites
  that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be
  directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the
  Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and
  assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any
  third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age
  of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable
  information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and
  you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please
  contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from
  children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that
  information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from
  time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy
  Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent
  notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the
  "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to
  review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy
  Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy,
  please contact us:
By visiting this page on our website:
  http://iphone.bannach.ch/apps/Decibels.html
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/free-privacy-policy-generator.php:
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Our Free Privacy Policy Generator can help you comply with CCPA, CPRA, GDPR plus with the requirements of Google Analytics & AdSense and many others.
Generate a Free Privacy Policy for your site and for your app.
Generate a Free Privacy Policy.
100% Free.
Where will your Privacy Policy be used?
Click all that apply
Website
Privacy Policy for Website
App
Privacy Policy for App
Continue to Step 2 to Generate Privacy Policy
Free Privacy Policy for your site & app
Our Free Privacy Policy Generator includes several provisions and sections to help you effectively protect your customers privacy while limiting your liability, all while adhering to the guidelines of the most notable privacy laws around the world and 3rd party requirements, including:
California Consumer Privacy Act
(CCPA + CPRA)
California Online Privacy Protection Act
(CalOPPA)
General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR)
Google Play
Apple Store
Google AdSense
Google AdWords (Ads)
Google Analytics
+ Many More
Features of the Free Privacy Policy Generator
1-minute questionnaire, free downloads to your PC, and more.
1-minute questionnaire
Our questionnaire takes only minutes. Start, answer our questions and your Privacy Policy is ready.
Compliance
Our Free Privacy Policy Generator can help you comply with the requirements of CCPA, CPRA, GDPR and others.
Guidance all the way
Our questionnaire is very easy to use and we're always here to help you if you have any questions. Just email us.
Download to your PC
Once you completed the questionnaire, you're free to download the Privacy Policy to your PC.
Free Privacy Policy Generator FAQs
Answers to the most popular questions about our Free Privacy Policy Generator.
Yes, the Free Privacy Policy Generator is free to use. We provide free policies for websites and apps. You can choose to get our premium & professional Privacy Policy that includes more provisions & clauses to better protect your business, website or app.
Yes, we provide the HTML code of the Privacy Policy that you can simply copy-paste anywhere you'd like.
Yes, we provide free hosting for the Privacy Policy we help you create. You can link to your Privacy Policy from any website, regardless of the content management system or websit builder you use.
Yes, you can choose to include GDPR, CCPA + CPRA text to be added to your Privacy Policy.
How the Free Privacy Policy Generator works
Here's how easy it is to create a Privacy Policy.
01
Start the Free Privacy Policy Generator
02
Download the Free Privacy Policy
03
Add the Free Privacy Policy to your website