Customer Service
Hollister Co. Euro
Privacy Notice
Updated: March 2024
This privacy notice applies to the personal data collected by AFH Fulfillment NL B.V. located at Laarderhoogtweg 25, 1101 EB Amsterdam, The Netherlands, through eu.HollisterCo.com, Hollister Co. microsites or mobile sites, mobile applications Hollister Co. provided for download to your mobile device that expressly adopt, and display or link to, this notice, and our pages on social media sites (such as Facebook, Twitter, et al.) (collectively our "Platforms"), and via our telephone support lines. This privacy notice also applies to information and personal data collected in store by the relevant local Hollister Co. in your country ("Hollister Co.", "we", "our" and "us"); when you participate in a focus group or other consumer or market research project; when you complete a survey or questionnaire; when you participate in a sweepstakes or contest; post a product review; send us any feedback, questions, comments, suggestions, or ideas; and otherwise interact with us, including but not limited to when we communicate with you via text messages and email. AFH Fulfillment NL B.V. and the relevant local Hollister Co. entity in your country are the data controlled in relation to the relevant personal data. A full list of Hollister Co. entities can be found at the end of this notice. Any reference to "visitor", "you" or "your" means you, the user.
Hollister Co. has Websites that are focused on children. These Websites encourages families to use and explore the
		Internet together. No information should be submitted to our Websites by guests under 16 years of age without the
		consent of their parent or guardian.
Because many visitors to our Websites are children, we take care that our content is appropriate for children. We
		do not collect personal information about children under 16 years of age, other than is reasonably necessary to
		enable them to participate in the activities that we offer on our Websites and only after obtaining the consent of
		the child's parent or guardian.
We provide this summary of what personal data Hollister Co., as a data controller, collects from you and for what
		purposes we use that personal data, who we will share this personal data with and your rights in relation to the
		personal data we collect from you.
Table of Contents
What Is Personal Data?
When Do We Collect Your Personal Data?
Information Collected on Our Platforms
Information Collected Through Hollister Co. Mobile Applications
Information Collected on Our Social Media Pages
Information Collected via Telephone Support
Information Collected Via Closed Circuit Television (CCTV)
Information Collected in Our Stores
Additional Purposes For Which We Process Personal Data
Information Shared with or Collected Directly by Third Parties
Direct Marketing
Storage of Information
Cookies & Advertising
Opt-Out
Your Rights
Privacy of Children
Links
Updates To Privacy Notice
Security Statement
Questions About Privacy
List of Local Abercrombie & Fitch Entities
What Is Personal Data
This notice applies to the personal data we collect, use and disclose (i.e., process), which generally includes
			your name, address, telephone number, email address, month and day of birth, IP Address, billing and account
			information and other information that identifies or can be used to identify you.
When Do We Collect Your Personal Data?
We may collect personal data when you interact with us, any of our brands or Platforms, such as when you:
Purchase, return, or reserve merchandise at one of our stores or through our Platforms;
Consent to receive our promotional emails, SMS/text messages, or other communications;
Visit, use, and/or register through our Platforms;
Consent to our use of cookies;
Visit our stores;
Participate in our contests, fundraisers, sweepstakes, or promotions;
Participate in one of our surveys or other customer research;
Consent to the collection and processing of your location data;
Submit content, including photos, videos, or reviews;
Purchase gift cards; and
Contact or visit our Customer Service Department, or otherwise contact us or one of our service providers with a comment, question or complaint.
In some locations, we have partnered with service providers and other third parties ("Retail Partners") to: operate A&F branded stores, Platforms; promote and sell our products and services; process and fulfill orders; communicate with customers; handle returns in their respective locations; or manage product ratings and reviews and provide other services to improve your experience. Retail Partners may collect and process personal data about you, subject to their own privacy policies. This notice applies to our processing of any personal data that we may receive from our Retail Partners.
Information Collected on Our Platforms
General Browsing
We process navigational information about where you go and how you utilize Platforms. This information allows us to see which
					areas of our Platforms are most visited and helps us improve the quality of your online experience by recognising
					and
					delivering more of the most desired features and services. Additional information, which is not personal data (for
					example, domain type, browser version, or service provider) may also be processed by us, which will provide us
					with
					information regarding the general use of our Platforms.
Location Information
Our Platforms provide geo-location features if you have enabled the location-based services
					on
					your mobile devices. We use your device's address and location information to geo-locate you to a default country, and we also use it to provide relevant store location, shipping, product availability, and special offers and promotions.
The features on our Platforms that require determining your location may make use of the GPS
					information on your mobile device. Sometimes we use other information, such as your IP address or nearby wireless
					access points or cell phone tower locations, to roughly estimate where you are to provide you the feature on our
					Platforms that requires understanding where you are located. If you use one of the features on Platforms Websites that
					require locating you, we will collect and process your location data for this purpose. If you do not consent to or
					disable location-based services we may ask you to manually select the region where you are located, or to enter
					your
					postal code to find a nearby store; if you chose not to provide this information some features of the Platforms may
					not be available. You can change the collection of this data at any time by changing the preferences on your device.
Personal Data
Customer Service, Contact Us, and Click to Chat
If you complete a general "Contact Us" form on one of our Websites (for example to comment on or ask questions
						about our merchandise), we may process your name, email address and any information that you provide in the text
						of
						your message.
Children under the age of 16 will not be permitted to contact us through the "Contact Us" form on our Websites.
						If
						you are under the age of 16 and would like to contact us by completing a "Contact Us" form, you will need to ask
						your
						parent/guardian to do so on your behalf.
If you use the "Contact Us" feature available in the "Investors" section of our Websites we may process
						your name, title, organization, address, telephone number, fax number, email address, and any information that
						you
						provide in the text of your message.
If you use the Click to Chat feature on one of our Websites (for example to ask questions about our
						merchandise),
						we may process any personal data, and any other information that you provide throughout the communication.
We also process the personal data you may provide to us when you contact our Customer Service Department, such as name, telephone number, email address, purchase details. We process this information for the purposes of reviewing your requests and any issues you may raise as well as responding to you. Depending on the nature of your query, we may request additional personal data for purposes of verifying your identity.
We process personal data collected in connection with these features for the purpose of responding to your
						inquiry,
						and we do so because it is necessary for our legitimate interests in communicating with our customers and
						investors.
Sign Up for Marketing Email List
If you sign up for our marketing email list (i.e., 'Subscribe'), or the marketing email list for any of our
						affiliate brands, you will be asked to provide your email address and your consent to the processing of your
						personal
						data in order to send you marketing emails, cart abandonment emails (emails that are triggered when you place
						items
						into your bag and leave our Website before checking out), and product view emails (emails that are triggered if
						you
						search and/or view a specific type of product on our Website and leave before checking out). Signing up for our
						mailing list enables you to receive information about products that we provide via email. If you would like to
						unsubscribe, then please visit the
Opt-Out
section of this Privacy Notice or follow the opt-out instructions on
						any
						marketing email you receive from us or that affiliate.
Sharing an Item with a Friend
When you share an item with a friend from one of our Websites, the designated recipient will receive your name
						and
						email address, as well as any information you entered in the message. The email address of your recipient is not
						collected or used for any promotional purposes by us or our affiliate companies, nor is such information rented,
						sold
						or exchanged with third parties. You should not share items with friends unless you believe your friend would be
						interested and want to receive the information. We process personal data for this purpose because it is necessary
						for
						our legitimate interests in providing this service to our customers.
Gift Box Messages
When you purchase a Gift Box you have the option to add a message. We do not review any information provided in
						the
						message content for the Gift Box messages. We process personal data for this purpose because it is necessary for
						our
						legitimate interests in providing this service to our customers.
Creating a Hollister House Rewards Membership
If you are 16 years of age and over you are given the opportunity to create an account and become a member of Hollister House Rewards on our Websites and mobile application ("App"). Hollister House Rewards membership allows you to enjoy a more personalised experience, create an address book, My Saves List, and enjoy "quick checkouts" by having us automatically enter your billing address, preferred shipping information, and payment details. Creating an account requires you to enter your email address, first and last name, and to create a password, and allows you to provide your postal address, telephone number, payment details, birthday, gender, and preferred store. When you create a Hollister House Rewards membership you will receive a welcome email that will be delivered to the email address you inserted into the email field during the registration process. You may also receive non-marketing emails from us, such as order confirmation emails, shipping confirmation emails, and Hollister House Rewards transactional emails. We process personal data for these purposes because it is necessary for our legitimate interests in proving Hollister House Rewards membership services to our customers. Children under the age of 16 are not permitted to create a Hollister House Rewards membership on our Websites.
To request to have your Hollister House Rewards membership cancelled, use the
Contact
							Us
section of the Help page. Please include the email address of the Hollister House Rewards membership you wish to
						cancel.
Creating an Address Book in Your Hollister House Rewards Membership
If you join Hollister House Rewards, you may create and use a personal address book (an "Address Book") within the Checkout
						Info
						section, which allows you to save all of the different names and addresses to whom you frequently send purchases
						or
						gifts. When you want to send a purchase to someone in your Address Book, you can preselect the billing or
						shipping
						address from the entries in your Address Book or choose from the list posted in checkout. We process personal
						data
						for these purposes because it is necessary for our legitimate interests in providing this functionality to our
						customers.
Saving Payment Details in Your Hollister House Rewards Membership
If you choose to add a payment type to your Hollister House Rewards membership, you will be able to quickly access this
						information during checkout when you are signed in. Your preferred payment type will pre-populate during checkout
						(but you can always use another payment type by selecting the "Change" link). If a saved payment card is expired
						we
						will indicate this by highlighting it in red in the "Profile" section. You can update this information by
						clicking
						on
						the Edit button. Only payment methods that can be used on our Websites will be available to select during
						checkout.
						You will have the option to add a new payment type during checkout by ticking a box that you want to store the
						newly
						entered payment details in your Hollister House Rewards membership. We process personal data for these purposes because it is
						necessary for our legitimate interests in providing this functionality to our customers.
Product Email Alert
If you provide us with your email address to contact you when a product on our Websites is available for purchase, the email address you submit is not collected or used for any promotional purposes by us or our affiliate companies, nor is such information rented, sold or exchanged with third parties. You will, however, be able to sign up to receive marketing emails, cart abandonment emails, and product view emails via a link in the footer of the product confirmation and alert emails that you may receive. We process personal data for these purposes because it is necessary for out legitimate interests in providing this service to our customers. Please note, only users 16 years old or over should provide their email address on our Websites.
Purchasing, Returning, or Reserving Merchandise
If you purchase or return merchandise through our Platforms, we will process your personal data for this purpose (i.e.,
						name,
						billing and shipping address information, email address, telephone number, and payment card information), as well
						as
						information about your purchases. In
						addition, if you have created an account you will be able to view your order details when you log into your House Rewards membership. We process personal data for these purposes because it is necessary to perform a contract with you
						and
						for our legitimate interest in managing and operating our business.
In addition, if you choose to use a separate payment service provider (e.g., Klarna) for your payment option
						at
						checkout, if the option is available, the separate payment service will be a data controller in relation to
						personal
						data it collects from our checkout page to determine whether it will allow you to use it as a payment method. How
						the
						separate payment service provider uses and shares this personal data it collects is controlled by its own privacy
						policy.
Market Research and Customer Research
We collect the information when you fill out a survey or otherwise engage in market or customer research offered on our
						Websites, Platforms, in person, or in emails. This information will assist us in gathering feedback from you in order to improve our
						Platforms and continue to offer features that you prefer. We process personal data for these purposes because it
						is
						necessary for our legitimate interests in improving our Websites and the products and services offered to our
						customers.
Cookies
Our Platforms use cookies and other automated technologies to collect certain information about the use of the Platforms and to provide certain features on our Platforms. For example, these technologies may be used to understand what users like about our Platforms, to improve our Platforms, and to deliver personalised content (e.g., targeted advertisements). Most of the websites that A&F manages or controls include a Cookie Notice (accessible, for example, through the "Cookie Policy" link in the footer of the website) which contains more information about our use of cookies and similar technologies. Please see the "Cookies & Advertising" section below for more information regarding cookies.
Where applicable, the processing of your Personal Data for this purpose is based on your consent and in compliance with applicable legal requirements.
Fundraisers / Sweepstakes / Contests / Promotions
We process personal data that you provide if you choose to participate in one of our contests, sweepstakes, or promotions for the purposes of conducting them and communicating them with you. Where applicable, the processing of your personal data may be necessary for processing and confirming payment, communication with you about your ticket and attendance, recording attendance, processing donations, and improving fundraising participants' experience.
Investor Email Alerts
Our Websites offer investors the opportunity to sign up for email alerts, which are messages that are
						conveniently
						delivered to your email box whenever certain new company information is posted to our Websites. To automatically
						receive these email alerts, visitors must provide their email address and give consent for the receipt of such
						emails.
Investor Electronic Delivery of Proxy Materials
If you are an investor and elect to sign up to receive your proxy materials via electronic document delivery,
						any
						personal data that you provide will be collected and sent directly to Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. in the
						United States, our third party service provider.
User-Generated Content
When you submit content to our Websites, Apps or Social Media Pages, such as comments, product reviews, pictures, your height and weight, or videos, we may process your name, likeness, and any other information that you provide in the text of your message. For information about deleting user-generated content you have provided, please see the "Your Rights" section below, or send an email to
Privacy@Anfcorp.com
.
Information Collected Through Hollister Co. Mobile Applications
We offer applications for download to your mobile device that provide you with various interactive features
			("Apps").
The collection and means of collecting personal data through any currently existing or future App are discussed in
			this notice when referencing Websites under the following sections:
"Information Collected on Our Platforms"
"Additional Purposes for Which We Process Information"
"Cookies and Advertising"
The use and sharing of information through any currently existing or future App are discussed in this notice when
			referencing Websites under the following sections:
"Information Collected on Our Platforms"
"Additional Purposes for Which We Process Information"
"Information Shared with or Collected Directly by Third Parties"
"Cookies and Advertising"
In addition:
Use of some features of an App will ask for permission to access data on your mobile device, such as your
				photos.
				We will only access this data if you provide consent when asked by the App. Please note, some features of the App
				are only available if you allow us to access the requested content.
If you provide consent when asked, the App will send push notifications ("Notifications") to your mobile device.
				These Notifications can be sent to you and viewed by you even if you are not actively using the App. The
				Notifications may be specific to your interactions with us and may be location-specific if you have consented to
				location-based services.
See the
Opt-Out
section below for the choices you have regarding collection of location information and
				data from your mobile device, and receipt of Notifications.
Information Collected on Our Social Media Pages
Personal data may be collected directly by Hollister Co. through our Social Media Pages and may also be collected
			by the social media site hosting the Hollister Co. Social Media Page.
Personal Data collected directly by Hollister Co.:
The collection of personal data directly by
			Hollister Co. on our Social Media Pages will include the type of information addressed under "What is Personal Data"
			above. Examples of how personal data may be directly collected on Hollister Co. Social Media Pages include providing
			information through an application or form which has a link to this privacy notice. We will use and share the
			personal data we collect on our Social Media Pages in the manner specified below in "Using Information We Collect"
			and in "Information We Share With Third Parties."
Personal Data collected by the Social Media Sites:
This privacy notice does not cover the privacy
			and security practices of the social media sites on which Hollister Co. has Social Media Pages. Please review
			privacy
			policies and terms of service on the social media sites if you have any questions about their privacy or security
			practices.
The social media sites where Hollister Co. has Social Media Pages may provide aggregate information and analysis
			to
			Hollister Co. about your use of our Social Media Pages. This allows us to better understand and analyse our user
			growth, general demographic information about the users of our Social Media Pages, and interaction with content on
			our Social Media Pages. Overall, this information may be used to help us understand the types of visitors and users
			of our Social Media Pages and use of the content. We process personal data for these purposes because it is
			necessary
			for our legitimate interest in understanding and providing appropriate and relevant content to our customers.
Information Collected via Telephone Support
We may collect personal data from you when you contact us via telephone. This will include any information that
			you
			may provide us over the telephone about yourself or the issue you are contacting us about. We will use this personal
			data solely for the purpose of providing the relevant customer support services to you. We process personal data for
			these purposes because it is necessary for our legitimate interests in providing support to our customers.
Information Collected Via Closed Circuit Television (CCTV)
We may collect personal data from you through the CCTV system where reasonably necessary. This may include, but is not limited to: control access to store and to ensure the security of the store; the health and safety of our staff and visitors, as well as property and information located or stored on the premises; to prevent, deter, and if necessary, investigate unathorised physical access, including unauthorized access to secure premises and protection room, IT infrastructure, or operational information; prevent, detect and investigate a theft of equipment or assets owned by us, visitors or staff or threats to the safety of personnel working at the store (e.g. fire, physical assault). Information collected via CCTV is essential for our legitimate interests to achieve any of the aforementioned purposes.
Camera locations are chosen to minimise the capture of images which are not relevant to the legitimate purposes of the monitoring. Images are monitored by our authorised personnel during working hours only and can be accessed remotely at other times if required. We will ensure that live feeds from cameras and recorded images are only viewed by approved members of our staff whose role requires them to have access to such data.
No surveillance cameras will be placed in areas where there is an expectation of privacy (for example, in changing rooms) unless, in very exceptional circumstances, it is judged by us to be necessary to deal with very serious concerns.
Information Collected in Our Stores
If you purchase merchandise in our stores, we may process your personal data for this purpose (i.e., name, contact
			details, and payment card information), depending on how you pay for your purchase and whether you are an Hollister House Rewards
			member. We use the personal data that we collect about you to facilitate purchases, process payments, and manage
			product returns. We process your personal data for these purposes on the basis that it is necessary to perform a
			contract with you.
We may also collect information about your purchases in stores, which may be combined with information about your
			online purchases and use of our site. We process personal data for these purposes because it is necessary for our
			legitimate interests in managing and operating our business and providing information that may be of interest to
			you.
If you choose to connect to the wireless internet service ("Wifi") in our stores, we may collect data about your device
			(including your device type, device identification number and browser type) and your use of the Wifi (including how
			long you stay connected to the Wifi, the websites you visit and the mobile applications you use). This data may
			include personal data. We use the data that we collect in connection with your use of the Wifi to improve and
			prevent
			abuse of the Wifi, analyse consumer traffic in our stores, and understand our customers' interests. We process your
			personal data for these purposes on the basis that it is necessary for our legitimate interest in managing and
			operating our business and providing Wifi to our customers. We do not use information collected through Wifi for direct marketing.
Additional Purposes For Which We Process Personal Data
We may process the personal data we collect under this notice according to applicable privacy law and for the
			following purposes:
To detect, and protect us, our affiliates and other third parties against misuse of our Websites (such as
				spamming), negligence, fraud, theft and other illegal activities. We process personal data for these purposes when
				it is necessary to protect, exercise or defend our legal rights.
To audit compliance with our and their internal policies and to terminate or suspend your accessing or use of
				our
				Websites for engaging in any misuse of our Websites or other illegal activities. We process personal data for these
				purposes when it is necessary to protect, exercise or defend our legal rights.
To conduct appropriate anti-fraud checks in which the personal data that you provide may be disclosed to a
				credit
				reference or fraud prevention agency, which may keep a record of that information. We process personal data for
				these purposes when it is necessary to protect, exercise or defend our legal rights.
To comply with administrative, tax, investigative or other audit requirements or any other legal or regulatory
				disclosure requirements. We process personal data for these purposes because we are required to do so by law.
As permitted by applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to comply with any legal or regulatory
				requirements.
The personal data you provide when submitting your curriculum vitae in the 'Careers' section of our Websites is
				used only for the purposes of consideration for employment and is not used for promotional purposes by us or our
				affiliated companies, nor is such information sold or provided to third parties. We process personal data for these
				purposes because we have a legitimate interest in recruiting job applicants.
The personal data you provide when submitting your information in the Casting section of our Websites is used
				only for the purposes of your consideration for a modeling role or for employment in one of our stores and is not
				used for promotional purposes by us or our affiliated companies. We process personal data for these purposes
				because
				we have a legitimate interest in recruiting models.
Information Shared with or Collected Directly by Third Parties
Email Addresses
We do not sell, or grant rights to third parties to process your email address for their own marketing purposes.
If you would like to unsubscribe, then please visit the
Opt-Out
section of this Privacy Notice. Please note
					that,
					if you request to be removed from our email marketing list, then you may still receive non-marketing emails from
					us,
					such as order confirmation emails, shipping confirmation emails, and Hollister House Rewards transactional emails.
Postal Addresses
We do not sell, or grant rights to third parties to process your postal address for their own marketing
					purposes.
Service Providers
Please be aware that we may appoint third parties to provide services to us or on our behalf, such as fulfilling
					orders (including, but not limited to, processing payments, providing fraud prevention services, and verifying
					addresses), providing electronic online investor information, monitoring and analysing site activity and the
					effectiveness of our advertising, providing support services, conducting credit reference checks, serving site
					content (including a site search feature), organising information, conducting surveys, administering and sending
					mobile Notifications and email messages, offering interactive features on our App, assisting us with our Social
					Media
					Pages, evaluating potential models, and administering sweepstakes or contests. Such third parties may have access
					to
					your personal data to provide services to Hollister Co.
Collected Directly By Third Parties
Your information may also be collected and processed by third parties, such as the payment providers you select, who will process your information independently in accordance with their own privacy notices.
Legal Disclosures
You should also be aware that we may disclose personal data about you if we are required, or we genuinely
					believe
					that (i) we are required to do so by law or legal process (ii) if we reasonably consider that it is necessary to
					protect the users of our Websites, or (iii) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent
					or
					other illegal activity. In the event that we, or our parent company, is acquired by a new owner, or if following a
					reorganisation of our corporate group we become part of one of our affiliates, your information may be transferred
					to
					a new owner, or another of our affiliates, as part of our assets. If this occurs, we will take all reasonable
					steps
					to ensure that our new owner or the affiliate which we become part of will use your personal data only in
					accordance
					with the terms of this privacy notice.
Sharing Information within our Group
We may disclose the information that you provide to us (including, without limitation, your personal data)
						to
						any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company, and the subsidiaries of our
						holding company (including our affiliated companies).
HCo and its affiliated companies will not
						subscribe you to their ongoing marketing email and/or text message programs unless you have separately consented
						to
						receive such marketing communications from a given affiliated company.
Transferring Data Outside the EEA
In case of 3, 4, 5, and 6 above, a transfer may take place to countries outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"), such as
					the
					United States, whose laws may not afford the same level of protection to your personal data. We will therefore
					ensure "where necessary" that all adequate safeguards are in place and that all applicable laws and
					regulations are complied with in connection with such transfer. You may request a copy of the safeguards that we
					have
					put in place in respect of transfers of personal data by contacting us as described in the Questions About Privacy
					section below.
Direct Marketing
We may from time to time process your personal data to send you marketing emails about our products, in each case
			your prior consent is required. These emails may contain features that help us make sure you received and were able
			to open the message. Furthermore, these emails may contain features to identify you when you click through a
			marketing email to visit our Website, which enable us to send you cart abandonment emails, and/or product view
			emails.
We may share some of your personal data with our affiliate brands to send you personalised marketing emails.
You may opt out of receiving marketing emails, cart abandonment emails, and/or product view emails at any time,
			free of charge, by following the instructions in any marketing communication. Furthermore, you may unsubscribe if you no longer wish to receive marketing emails by visiting the
Unsubscribe
page.
We may also process your personal data to send you postal mail about our products. In this case your prior
			consent
			is required. You may opt out of receiving marketing mail at any time, free of charge, by following the instructions
			in marketing communication, or by using the
Contact
				Us
section of the Help page .
Storage of Information
The time period for which we keep personal data depends on the purpose for which we collected it. In all cases we
			keep it for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it. We will then delete the personal
			data, unless we are legally required to retain it or if we need to retain it in order to comply with our legal
			obligations (for example, for tax and accounting purposes).
Cookies & Advertising
What Are Cookies and How Do We Use Them?
We use a browser feature known as a "cookie", which assigns a unique identification to your computer. Cookies are typically stored on your computer's hard drive or mobile device. Information collected from cookies is used by us
					to
					evaluate the effectiveness of our Platforms, analyse trends, and administer our Websites. The information collected
					from cookies allows us to determine such things as which parts of our Platforms are most visited and difficulties
					you
					may experience in accessing our Platforms. With this knowledge, we can improve the quality of your experience on
					our
					Platforms by recognising and delivering more of the most desired features and information, understanding which
					features are accessed or completed, as well as by resolving access difficulties. In addition, we use cookies to
					help
					keep track of items you put into your shopping cart and to tell us whether your computer has been used to visit
					our
					Platforms in the past. If you have created a Hollister House Rewards membership and are signed in this allows you to maintain
					shopping carts between visits. Our Platforms also use cookies to help keep track of checkout information, other
					than
					payment method information, while you remain on our Platforms. We also use cookies and tags which are typically stored in emails to help us confirm your receipt of, and response to, our emails and to provide you with a more personalised experience when using our Platforms. We also may use "pixel tags," "web beacons," and other technologies to collect information to measure performance metrics, such counting users who have visited certain pages of the Site and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns. For more information on the types of cookies that are placed and cookie settings,
					please go to the
Cookie
						Policy
link on our Platforms.
Website Analysis
We use third party service provider(s), to assist us in better understanding the use of our Platforms. Our
					service
					provider(s) will place cookies on the hard drive of your computer and will receive information that we select that
					will educate us on such things as how you navigate around our Platforms, what features are accessed, completed, or
					most used, what products are browsed and general purchasing information. Information may also be collected about a
					search engine used, and a search engine or website advertisement clicked to direct you to our Platforms. Our
					service
					provider(s) analyses this information and provides us with aggregate reports. The information and analysis
					provided
					by our service provider(s) will be used to assist us in better understanding your interests in our Platforms and
					how
					to better serve those interests. The information collected by our service provider(s) may be linked to and
					combined
					with information that we collect about you while you are visiting our Platforms. Our service provider(s) is/are
					contractually restricted from using information they receive from our Platforms other than to assist us.
How Do Others Use Cookies on Our Websites to Serve You Advertising?
We contract with third party advertising companies, which on our authority present adds on our Platforms. These
					third parties also collect non-personally identifying information about you by placing cookies on your browser
					and/or
					using Pixel Tags when you visit our site. These advertising companies may use and share information gathered about
					your visit to our Platforms to deliver our ads on other websites that are a part of their online advertising
					networks
					and/or search engines. We receive aggregate information from these third parties to gauge our advertising
					effectiveness. To stop receiving cookie-based ads from a third party advertising company we use, click on the link
					included in the advertisement and follow the instructions on opting out. We may use more than one third party
					company
					for this cookie-based advertising, which would require you to opt out of each company through each of the various
					advertisement links separately.
If you would like more information about how cookie-based advertising works in general, go to: Your Online Choices at
www.youronlinechoices.com
(you will leave this site for a centrally managed online site where you can
					specify
					your preference. However, please note that the use of this website does not turn off all internet advertising and
					deactivates only advertisements that are customised to your likely interests based upon previous web browsing
					activity).
Opt-Out
Collection of Mobile Device Location Information Via Our Social Media Sites and Apps
Your mobile device may allow you to disable location-based services, which will prevent our mobile sites and
					Apps
					from accessing your mobile device location information. For specific questions regarding disabling your device's
					location-based services, we recommend that you review the specific instructions provided for your mobile device.
					Please note that some features on our mobile sites and Apps may not be available if you disable location-based
					services.
Notifications and Access to Data on Your Mobile Device
If you no longer wish to receive Notifications or no longer want us to access the specific information on your
					device (e.g. photos) for which you previously provided consent, then you will need to adjust the settings on your
					mobile device. Please note that the process for changing settings on your mobile device may vary; to learn how to
					change these settings, please refer to the specific instructions provided for your mobile device.
Email Addresses
If you do not wish to receive emails from Hollister Co., then please visit the
Unsubscribe
page. If you do not wish to receive marketing emails, cart abandonment
					emails, and/or product view emails from any of our relevant affiliate brands, then please follow the opt-out
					instructions on any marketing email you receive from that affiliate.
Please note that, if you request to be removed from our email marketing list, then you may still receive
					non-marketing emails, such as confirmations from us regarding any orders that you have placed on our Websites.
Postal Addresses
If you do not wish to receive marketing materials from us via postal mail, then please email us at
Privacy@anfcorp.com
requesting that we remove you from our postal mailing list. In your email, please be sure to include the postal
					address that you wish to have removed from our postal marketing list.
Cookies
If you would like to deactivate our ability to analyse your anonymous browsing and purchase behaviour through
					the
					use of this service, then you may deactivate the setting on your Web browser which allows you to accept cookies.
					If
					you choose to do this, however, then you will be unable to use certain features and services offered on our
					Platforms,
					including the ability to make a purchase from our online store.
Ads on a Third Party Site on Which You Have an Account
If you no longer wish to receive advertisements from Hollister Co. when you log in to certain third party sites
					(e.g. Facebook), then you will need to change the settings on the respective social media / third party site. If
					you
					would like to change the advertising settings, then please review the privacy policies and terms of service on the
					respective social media / third party site.
Your Rights
Subject to applicable law, you may (1) request access to the personal information we maintain about you; (2)
			request that we update, correct, amend, or erase your information; or (3) request the restriction of our use of your
			personal information. In addition, you may receive, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, the
			personal information that you have provided to us about you, with your consent or based on a contract to which you
			are party. You have the right to have this information transmitted to another company, where it is technically
			feasible.
You also may object at any time to the use of your personal information, on grounds relating to your particular
			situation, where we use that information based on our legitimate interests as described above. If we use your
			personal information to send you marketing communications, you may object at any time and without providing any
			reasons to such a use (e.g., by clicking in the unsubscribe link in our marketing emails), and we will apply your
			preferences going forward. You also may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us. If you do so, this will
			not affect the lawfulness of our use of your information based on your consent before its withdrawal.
If you wish to exercise these rights, please submit your request through this
webform
or by emailing us at
privacy@anfcorp.com
.
			If you are not satisfied by our response you may lodge a complaint with the data protection supervisory authority in
			your country.
In order to process your request, we must be able to verify your identity to make sure you are the person about whom we have collected personal information or an authorized representative. You may be asked to provide us with information such as your name, home address, email address, telephone number, and a description of item(s) purchased in your most recent order. We will compare the information you provide in the webform or via email, to any information we may have in our possession in order to verify your request. We may also contact you to request additional information in relation to your request. The information you provide must match the information we have in our possession. This measure is in place to help protect your personal information. The information collected through this process will be used for verification purposes only.
In order to ensure that your personal data is accurate and up to date just log on to your account with your email
			address and password, and you'll see an overview page where you can update your information. You may also write to
			us
			if you think that personal data that we hold about you needs to be updated.
Privacy of Children
Our Platforms are not directed toward children under the age of sixteen (16) years. Furthermore, we do not
			knowingly
			collect any personal data from children under the age of sixteen (16) years. The children's products that we offer
			for sale on our Platforms are intended for purchase by adults only. No one under the age of sixteen (16) years should
			provide any personal data on our Platforms and/or at our stores.
Links
For your convenience and enjoyment, our Platforms may contain links to other websites operated by third parties
			("Third Party Sites"). We do not monitor and are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such
			Third Party Sites. We would urge you to review the privacy policies of each Third Party Site to ensure that you are
			comfortable with the privacy policies and practices.
Updates to Privacy Notice
As we continue to offer our customers new and different types of content and services, we may revise this privacy
			notice to reflect the changes that we have made to our information collection, use or disclosure practices. Should
			there be a material change to our information collection, use or disclosure practices, it will be applied only to
			information collected on a going forward basis.
Security Statement
HCo has implemented security technologies, processes, and procedures designed to protect your information. You can protect your information by selecting strong, unique passwords for the website and any associated email addresses. If you have concerns about the security of your account, please
contact us
.
HCo participates in a vulnerability disclosure program. If you have information about potential vulnerabilities, please visit our
vulnerability disclosure page
to review our guidelines and complete the disclosure form.
Questions About Privacy
If, for any reason, you are accessing a country specific website for a country in which you are not located (e.g.
			utilizing a proxy server) please contact Customer Service to view the policies and terms specific to your
			jurisdiction.
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our privacy practices or our legal compliance, please
			email us at
Privacy@anfcorp.com
or write to us at the address set out
			below:
Attn: Legal-Privacy Team
Abercrombie & Fitch
6301 Fitch Path
New Albany, Ohio 43054 USA
List of Local Abercrombie & Fitch Entities
Austria Stores:
A&F Hco Stores AT GmbH
Office Park I
Top B02
300 Wien-Flughafen, Austria
Belgium Stores:
AFH Belgium SPRL
Square de Meeus
37 - 4th Floor
1000 Brussels, Belgium
France Stores:
Abercrombie & Fitch (France) SAS
64-66 Rue des Archives
75003, Paris, France
Germany Stores:
AFH Germany GmbH
Spaces Kennedydamm
Floor 3, Kaiserswerther Street 135
Dusseldorf 40474
Ireland Stores:
A&F Hollister Ireland Limited
c/o A&L Goodbody
25-28 North Wall Quay
Dublin 1, Ireland
Italy Stores:
Abercrombie & Fitch Italia S.R.L.
Via Fabio Filzi, 25/A Torre A
20124 Milano, Italy
Netherlands Stores:
AFHCo Stores NL BV
Laarderhoogtweg 25
1101 EB Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Poland Stores:
AFH Poland sp. Z o.o
Inoffice group
Tarasy Business Center
59 Zlota str.
00-120 Warsaw
Spain Stores:
Abercrombie & Fitch Spain S.L.
Calle Pepe Isbert 11B, Piso 2D
28017 Madrid, Spain
Sweden Stores:
AFH Sweden Aktiebolag
c/o Regus
Svetsarvägen 15
171 41 Solna, Sweden
GDPR Webform