This Privacy Policy was last modified on February 10, 2025.
Life360 protects and connects your loved ones, pets, and important items to make your life easier and less stressful. We take your privacy as seriously as you do, and we are committed to protecting it.  This Privacy Policy explains our practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, storage, and protection of personal information that is collected through our products and services, as well as your choices regarding the same.
As you review our Policy, keep in mind that it applies to Life360, Inc.’s ("Life360", "we", "our", or "us") websites, mobile apps (Life360, Tile, and Jiobit), help center and other associated services we provide (“Services”).  It also applies to Life360 physical devices (e.g., Tile trackers and partner products that have the Tile-finding technology embedded within them) as well as other products such as Labels (“Products”).
Before accessing or using our Products and/or Services, please ensure that you have read this Policy and understand how we collect, store, use, and disclose your personal information as described herein.
Table of Contents
I. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
II. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
III. ADVERTISING ACTIVITIES
IV. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
V. YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
VI. OUR POLICY TOWARDS CHILDREN
VII. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
VIII. ADDITIONAL STATE, COUNTRY AND REGION-SPECIFIC PRIVACY TERMS
A. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR RESIDENTS OF CERTAIN STATES
B. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR THOSE IN EUROPE
C. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR THOSE IN AUSTRALIA
IX. LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES
X. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
XI. CONTACT US IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS
XII. PREVIOUS POLICY
I. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The information Life360 collects depends on what Life360 Products or Services you use and how you use them.
A. Information You Give Us Directly
When you create or modify a Life360, Tile, or Jiobit account, update your preferences, purchase and/or activate a Product, contact us (including by social media or via our Help Center), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Life360’s Products and Services, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information. Your username, email address, real name, nicknames, date of birth, mobile phone number, password, shipping and billing addresses, and Products activated. You may also choose to provide a photo to associate with your Life360 account, Tile, or Jiobit Products.
Circle Information. When you create a Circle in your Life360 app and invite a friend or family member to join your Circle, we collect their name, email address, mobile phone number, and photo if one is provided.
Identity Verification. In certain circumstances, for instance, depending on the features of our Products and Services you use or based on your age and country of residence, we may take steps to verify that a parent or guardian has consented to use of the Services by a child. We work with an identity verification vendor that may collect information from or an image of a government-issued ID or an image of you (for example, a selfie), which may be used with facial recognition technology. (Note: the digital age of consent may vary by jurisdiction and Life360 may adjust our parental consent process accordingly.) For more information, please click
here
.
Transaction Information. When you place an order for a Product or upgrade to a premium subscription, you will need to provide an email address, a first and last name and/or a shipping address. Any payment information you provide is processed by the relevant billing and/or payment processor. We may also collect information such as which version of the Product or subscription service you are using, the date and time that you activated your account, the duration of your subscription, the data related to any subscription cancellation request, and any in-app purchases you may make.
Optional Account Information. We may collect information when you customize features within our Products or Services (for example, labeling locations on your in-app map within Life360, using "Smart Alert" for a Tile device, or providing emergency information about the wearer of a Jiobit device, such as their, height, weight, gender, ethnicity, race, medications, allergies, and medical conditions including whether the individual is special needs and the category of such special needs, or pet breed in the case of an animal).
Contest Prize and Tax Information. If you are the recipient of a contest or sweepstakes prize that requires tax reporting, we may collect identifiers associated with your government-issued documents (such as a social security number).
Feedback and Social Interactions with Us. We collect information when you provide Life360 with feedback or otherwise interact with us, such as when you comment on a blog post, or when you tag Life360, Tile, or Jiobit on a social media post.
Other Information You Provide to Us. Information you provide in response to surveys about our Products or Services, any information about your friends that you provide us through our referral services, information you provide when seeking help from us, such as your name, email address, telephone number, mailing address and records (including call recordings) and technical information related to the issues you experience.
B. Information We Collect Automatically When You Use or Interact with our Products and Services
We and our service providers may collect other information when you use our Products and Services, such as:
Device Information. This includes information about your device, hardware and software information, such as your mobile device identifiers, operating system, IP address, or browser information (including browser type and language preference), device make/model, Wi-Fi connection, battery status, and advertising identifiers.
Location and Movement Information. With your consent, we collect precise geolocation data (including GPS coordinates and latitude/longitude information) through your mobile device or our Products that transmit precise geolocation data. We also collect information about your location such as city or zip code inferred through your IP address and information through technologies like Wi-Fi and Bluetooth.
Driving Event Information and Motion Activity Information. This information includes information about how and where you are moving such as your speed, altitude, and heading, and is collected from technology embedded in your mobile device, such as gyroscope, accelerometer, compass, and Bluetooth. This information indicates things like whether you are cycling, walking, running, or driving, how fast you are going, and whether you are speeding up or slowing down.
Information Collected via Tracking Technologies. When you use our Products or Services, such as using our apps, visiting our websites, or reading our emails, we and our partners may use a variety of technologies, including cookies, web beacons, pixels, clear GIFs, log files, embedded scripts, SDKs, location-identifying technologies, or other tracking/recording tools (collectively, "Tracking Technologies"), to collect some of the information described in this section and other information about your activity on our Services, such as links you click, features you use and actions you take within our Services, whether you open emails or click on links in emails from us, ads you view or click on, information about your activity on specific pages of our websites, such as mouse movements and keystrokes, and app performance data. We may combine this information with other personal information we collect about you.
C. Messages and Member Content
We collect information when you message other members of your Circle through use of our Services, and any photos or videos you send via the in-app messaging to other members of your Circles. With your permission, we may also access your photo or camera roll on your mobile device.
D. Information Provided to Us by Third Parties
We may receive information about you from other sources. If you connect another account to your Life360 account, we receive information from the companies providing you these services, As an example, when you
link your Tile account to a voice assistant such as Google Assistant or Alexa, we may collect precise geolocation data for all Tiles scanned by the device for members who have linked their account to that service.
E. Information We Derive
We may also derive information or draw inferences based on the other information we collect, including precise geolocation data. For example, we may predict that you would be interested in certain offerings or send you certain reminders based on how you have previously interacted with our Services or your typical movement patterns.
II. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your information to provide, maintain, and improve our Products and Services, to research and develop new products and features, and to promote our Products and Services, as further explained below.
A. To Provide the Life360 Products and Services
We may use information about you to:
Provide the Products and Services to you, including to record the location and movements of devices linked to our Services;
Manage your account with us, including authenticating access, verifying identity, and keeping track of your preferences and choices;
Personalize your experience on our Services, such as to display a personalized browsing history;
Measure interest in Life360’s Products and Services;
Ensure the integrity, security and perform internal quality control and optimization of our Products and Services;
Communicate with you about your account;
For informational, transactional, marketing and operational purposes, such as account management, customer service, or system maintenance;
To process applications, transactions, and payments;
To prevent potentially prohibited, harmful, or illegal activities, including to detect or prevent fraud;
Provide technical support and repair errors or bugs in our Services; and
To enforce our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy and comply with our legal requirements.
B. Marketing Life360 Products and Services
Life360 may use information to market our Products and Services, such as by sending emails, newsletters, mailings, or making phone calls from us, as allowed by applicable law, for marketing purposes such as to provide you with information related to Life360’s or our business partners’ products and services or upcoming special offers that may be of interest to you. You can opt out of these communications at any time, see
below
for details.
We may also use the information we collect to understand the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
C. Research and Development
We may use information we collect in order to:
Understand how users engage with our Products and Services, including to monitor which features are popular, metrics, and trends;
Conduct individual or market research and analytics;
Help us to optimally deliver our existing Products and Services;
To develop new products and services; and
For research and internal analysis.
D. Connecting with Social Media
When you choose to connect or interact with our Services through a Social Network, or if you use social features, the information provided to Life360 via those Social Networks or social features may be used to verify information that you have independently provided to Life360 and to enhance our ability to provide you with information about our business, products, and Services.
These social features are operated solely by the respective Social Networks, and their service providers, and we recommend that you carefully read their privacy policies before you decide to use them. We have no control over or access to the information collected, stored or used by such Social Networks, and the information practices of such Social Networks are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
III. ADVERTISING ACTIVITIES
We engage others to provide analytics services, serve advertisements, and perform related activities within our Services and to advertise our Products and Services to you on non-affiliated sites and services. To do this, Life360 uses the information we collect about you and your activity on our Services. We use this information, sometimes combined with other information we receive from third parties, to select which ads you see on our Services. We also disclose certain information, such as identifiers and activity and device information collected through Tracking Technologies and a hashed version of your email, to advertising partners both to select relevant ads to show you on our Services or to deliver advertising targeted to you on other companies' sites or mobile apps, understand the effectiveness of this advertising, analyze and track data, and better understand your activity. You have control over these practices. On our mobile apps, you may opt out by following the instructions behind the "Your Privacy Choices
" link available in the Privacy & Security section in the settings menu or by using the controls available through your mobile device's operating system. When you use these controls, we will also stop disclosing your information to our business partners for their own use as described
below
. You can learn more about these controls on at the
Limit Information Sharing with Third-Party Partners Through In-App Privacy Settings
information page. To opt out of these practices on your web browser, please follow the instructions behind the "Your Privacy Choices
" link in the footer of our websites. You can learn more by visiting the help article entitled:
To Opt-out of Life360 Sharing Data with Third-parties for Advertising Purposes
.
IV. INFORMATION WE DISCLOSE
We or you may disclose your information to different Life360 Services, our subsidiaries, and to third parties for our or their purposes as described below.
A. Disclosing to Others in Your Life360 Circles, or Friends
You may choose to disclose your personal information to other members of your Life360 Circles (Tiles may be shared with third parties who are not a member of your Circles upon your request, via the in-app “Unlimited Sharing” setting, which may be modified by you at any time), including your:
full name;
email address;
precise geolocation data;
driving event data;
information about your use of our Service with members of your Circles (e.g., whether you have logged in on a new device); and
Tiles.
In addition, other members of your Circles may disclose your personal information in certain circumstances, such as:
if a member of your Circle enables voice actions on services such as Google Assistant-enabled or Alexa-enabled devices, your personal information (including name, Tile name, and last place seen for each Tile) may be displayed to your Circle members on screen or via audio response on any device with the voice action enabled.
To prohibit this data disclosure, you must ask the member of your Circle member to disconnect their account from the voice action-enabled devices, or you can leave the Circle shared with that member.
B. Information Posted to our Blogs, Community Forums or Other Public Websites
Any information or content that you voluntarily submit, or post to the Life360 or Tile websites or blogs, community forums, or comments you post to our Facebook page (or other social media pages) will automatically be available to the public. We may publicly post your reviews and comments online on our website or mobile app or link your reviews to third-party websites.
We are not responsible for any information you choose to provide on social media pages, or for any content or communications you receive as a result of sharing such information.
To request removal of your information from our website or blogs, please contact us at
shareyourstory@life360.com
.
C. Service Providers and Advisors
We may disclose your personal information to our vendors and consultants who help us provide our Services or who perform services on our behalf, such as accounting, managerial, technical, email or chat services, marketing or analytic services, fraud prevention, bot detection, web hosting, and to others that provide services or features to our members on our behalf.
D. Business Partners that Provide Certain Services to You
We may disclose personal information, including contact information and location and movement data (including precise geolocation data), mobile device information (such as information generated by the gyroscope and accelerometer in your device), application analytics (including IP address and device identifiers), technical and analytical data, and driving event data with business partners that provide certain features and services you elect to use through or in connection with our Products or Services. Some examples of these integrated services offered by our business partners include:
Crash Detection and Emergency Dispatch Services
;
Roadside assistance
;
Identity theft protection
; and
Driving analytics services
.
E. Business Partners for Their Own Use
In addition to disclosures of certain personal information for Life360's advertising purposes described
above
, we also disclose certain information, including precise geolocation data, movement data, and other information, about your use of our Services to select business partners for their own uses, including to combine with other information to derive insights and analytics and use for their own and others' advertising and monetization purposes. We do not make available your contact information (e.g. your name, email, phone number) for such purposes. You can opt out of these disclosures by following the instructions behind the link titled "Your Privacy Choices
" in the Privacy & Security section of your app account settings and learn more here:
Limit Information Sharing with Third-Party Partners Through In-App Privacy Settings
.
F. Purchasers and Other Third Parties in Connection with a Business Transaction
We may at any time buy or sell/divest the company, or any portion or combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses. Personal information such as member names and email addresses, and other member information related to our Services will likely be one of the items transferred in these types of transactions. We may disclose, transfer or assign such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions, or similar transactions or proceedings.
G. Law Enforcement, Regulators, and Other Parties for Legal Reasons
We may disclose personal information to third parties (including but not limited to, law enforcement, other government entities, or civil litigants) when required to do so by law or subpoena, or if we determine (in our sole discretion) that disclosure is necessary to: (a) conform to the law, comply with legal process, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) to enforce our
Terms of Service
, this Privacy Policy, to take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any claims or allegations, or to protect the security or integrity of our site; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Life360, our employees, members or others.
H. Aggregate Insights
We provide select business partners aggregate information that is deidentified and combined with similar data of other users that cannot reasonably be linked to or used to identify any individual, household, or device, which these partners may use for their own commercial purposes like market analysis or research. We give you controls over this activity, as described
below
.
V. YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
We believe in transparency and providing you with the opportunity to make important decisions about how your information is used, processed, stored and shared as outlined in this Section V (Your Choices about Your Information).
A. Modifying, Correcting, Accessing, Opting Out, and Deleting Your Information
You may correct or modify your account information or personal information (e.g. name, email address, or phone number), or change your password by logging in to your App, clicking on “Settings” and then “Account” (for Life360) or “Manage Account” (for Tile or Jiobit Apps).
You may request to access or review the information we collect or disclose about you, the categories of sources of such information, the business or commercial purpose for collecting your information, and the categories of third parties with whom we disclose personal information, or request that your information be deleted by submitting a request as described below. Please note that the information provided via the in-app links described in this section does not include technical information or support records. If you would like to request information related to your support records, please contact us directly at
privacy@life360.com
.
In the Life360 app, you may:
Exercise your right to Opt in or Opt out of App-based personal information sales (described
above
) and activities that involve use of personal information for "targeted advertising" (described
above
) by following the instructions provided behind the “Your Privacy Choices
” link in the Privacy & Security section of your app account settings. If you opt out, you will still see ads on our Services, but we will not use third-party data to select these ads.
Request to access or delete your personal information by visiting the “Additional Data Rights” page in the Privacy & Security section of your app account settings and selecting “Request Your Personal Information” or “Delete Your Account” to submit your request. We will process your request and send a confirmation email.
In the Tile and Jiobit apps, you may:
Request deletion of your personal information through the Tile app by clicking on “Settings,” then “Manage Account,” and finally by clicking on “Delete Account” and following the on-screen instructions.
Request deletion of your personal information through the Jiobit app by clicking on “Menu,” then “Account,” then “Manage Account," and finally by clicking on “Delete My Data” and following the on-screen instructions.
To exercise your other rights related to the Tile or Jiobit Products and Services please contact us as further described below with your detailed request.
You may also request the closure and deletion of your account by contacting us at
privacy@life360.com
with your deletion request. Please include your full name, the email address associated with your Account, and the service you are using.
Note:
prior to deletion of your Tile account, you may transfer your Tiles to another Tile customer by following the instructions found in our support pages covering the
Transfer of a Tile
. Tiles may only be transferred from or to active accounts.
For Tile customers: If you delete your account or other personal information, the location information associated with active Tile Products may still be collected anonymously from other Tile Community members who are running the app and are within Bluetooth range of your device. To completely disable this type of information collection we recommend you transfer the Tiles prior to account or data deletion, and remove the battery from or disable your Products.
B. Controlling Aggregate Insights
As described
above
, we provide aggregate information to select business partners for their own use. You may decline to have your information aggregated and used for these purposes by using the choice offered in your account in the Life360 app by clicking “Settings,” the “Privacy & Security,” and finally “Aggregate Insights.”
C. Communications from Life360
We may periodically send you promotional newsletters and emails. You have the ability to opt-out of these by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the emails you receive. Certain communications, such as billing information and Service updates are necessary for you to receive and you will not be able to opt-out of these communications. For more information about the types of communications Life360 may send, and for detailed instructions on how to opt-out please see the following:
Email and Telephone Communications
; and
Mobile Devices and Push Notifications
.
D. Location and Movement Data Collection and Sharing in the Life360 App
We collect, use, and disclose precise geolocation data, driving event, and movement data as described above. You have many options to control this data collection and sharing activity through the App Settings:
Opt out of disclosures of this personal information to advertising and business partners by following the instructions behind the "Your Privacy Choices
" link in the Privacy & Security section of your app account settings;
Opt out of Aggregate Insights as described
above
;
Limit Location Sharing with Your Circle(s)
;
Limit Drive Detection
; and
Disconnect Location Data and Movement Data in Device Settings
.
If you no longer want to continue using the Products and/or Services, uninstalling the Life360, Tile, or Jiobit app (as applicable), removing the battery from or disabling the Products, and logging out from our Service will also stop us from collecting your location.
E. Web-Based Personal Information Sales
You may opt out of the use and sharing of your personal information collected from our websites for purposes of showing targeted advertisements on other online properties by visiting the "Your Privacy Choice" link in the footer of the website and adjust the toggles as applicable.
Please note these settings must be completed for each browser on each device you use and for each of our websites (
Life360.com
,
Tile.com,
and
Jio.com
) separately, and will not affect App-based settings. If you clear your cookies or your browser is set to do so, you will have to exercise the choice again.
VI. OUR POLICY TOWARDS CHILDREN
Life360 takes special precautions to protect the privacy of our younger members. Life360 does not knowingly collect personal information from children who do not meet applicable minimum age requirements without verifiable consent of a parent or guardian, and our Services are only intended to be used by children with significant parental or guardian involvement and approval.
If Life360 learns that we have inadvertently collected personal information of a child without parental consent as required by law, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child has a registered account with our Services or is using our Products without your consent, please alert us immediately by emailing
privacy@life360.com
.
As a parent or guardian, by enabling your child to create a member account and/or permitting your child to use the Products or Services, you expressly agree to the practices described in this Privacy Policy and you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your child’s personal information as described herein.
A. Setting up a Child Account
If a parent wishes to add a member who is a child to our Services, we request the parent provide verifiable consent, through one of several methods, such as by verifying the parent’s driver’s license during sign up, or by submitting a parental consent form (available
here
) via mail or email. The child will then be able to participate in most aspects of the Life360 Services. In some instances, our Products are intended to be worn and used by children and pets. By providing the Products to a child, you represent and warrant to Life360 that you consent to such child’s use of our Products and Services and further consent as a parent to enable and permit Life360’s collection and use of the information from the Products and Services used by the child as stated in this Privacy Policy and the
Terms of Service
.
B. Personal Information We Collect about Children
We take special precautions to collect only as much information as is reasonably necessary for the child to use our Products and Services.
C. Information Disclosures about Children
Life360 may disclose a child’s personal information to our third-party vendors, service providers, and business partners that offer integrated services as described in this Privacy Policy. We do not share or sell personal information of members we know to be children, nor do we show ads  in child accounts. Profile and location information for children using the Service may be shared with other members of any Circle the child joins. Please note the child may exchange messages with those Circle members. You are responsible for monitoring your child’s account and location-sharing activity through our Products and Services and for blocking or permitting location-sharing features.
D. Contact Us Regarding your Child’s Account or Information
The parent or legal guardian has a right to request to review or have deleted the child’s personal information and may withdraw consent for our Products and Services to collect any further personal information from the child. Please contact us at
privacy@life360.com
to request to review and/or delete any personal information we may have collected from the child, or to withdraw permission for Life360 to collect any additional information from the child. We will require the parent or guardian to provide us with sufficient identification before providing access to, or acting upon, such personal information, or acting upon such request.
VII. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
Life360 cares about the security of your information. The actions we take to protect your personal information are described below.
A. Security
We have implemented appropriate standards to reduce the risk of unauthorized or unlawful access of your personal information. No security system is impenetrable and we cannot absolutely guarantee the security of our systems and your information.
We will never send you unsolicited messages or contact you by phone to request sensitive information, such as your account ID, password, payment, or national ID numbers. Please note that the e-mails and other communications you send to us are not encrypted, and we strongly advise you not to share any sensitive information through these means.
If any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify any impacted individuals and take steps in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
B. Accuracy and Confidentiality of Your Email Address and Password
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and ensuring the email address associated with your account(s) is accurate. We use your email address to contact you about service updates, changes to our policies, and account activities such as requests for your information. We recommend using a strong password unique to this service. If you believe your account has been compromised, change your password immediately via the applicable app or website.
Life360 is not responsible for information or data transmitted to a third party as a result of a member providing an incorrect phone number or email address.
C. Jiobit Device Security
Jiobit devices use unique hardware to deliver strong security and encryption. Our devices include a dedicated security chip required to communicate with our secure servers and are intrusion resistant. Unlike most other connected devices, it cannot be reprogrammed - part of the circuit board is physically burned away during manufacturing. Jiobit location data is encrypted at rest and while in transit.
D. Fraud Prevention
To prevent the misuse of our Services by bots or other nefarious means, we use anti-bot services to ensure the integrity of our service, for more information click
here
.
E. Data Retention
Life360 retains the information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Products or Services or as otherwise necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, to resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business interests, enforce our agreements, and to comply with applicable laws. The purposes for which we process information may dictate different retention periods for the same types of information.
VIII. ADDITIONAL STATE, COUNTRY, AND REGION-SPECIFIC PRIVACY TERMS
A. Additional Information for Residents of Certain U.S. States & California Notice at Collection
Some U.S. states have enacted privacy laws that grant their residents certain rights and require specific disclosures ("State Privacy Laws"). If you reside in California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, or Virginia, this section applies to you.
This section also serves as our California notice at collection.
Additional Disclosures
Above we explain how we
collect
,
use
, and
disclose
information about you, as well as our
advertising practices
. As required by certain State Privacy Laws, we use the tables below to explain this same information.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information for Business Purposes
Category
of Personal Information
Categories of Recipients
Use of Personal Information
Identifiers such as your name, user name, account name, mobile phone number, email address, shipping address, online identifiers, device identifiers, IP address, mobile device identifiers, and mobile advertising identifiers. We also collect certain identifiers, such as email address and mobile phone number of individuals you choose to add to your Circle.
Commercial information, such as Products activated, subscriptions purchased, date and time you activated your account, duration of the subscription, data related to any subscription cancellation request, and in-app purchases. Any payment information provided is processed by the relevant billing and/or payment processor.
Internet or Electronic Network Activity information such as information about you activity on our Services, links you click, features you use and actions you take within our Services, whether you open emails or click on links in emails from us, ads you view or click on, app performance data, and device information such as browser type and language preferences, device make/model, and Wi-Fi connection).
Geolocation and movement information, including precise geolocation data (which is “sensitive” personal information under certain State Privacy Laws) as well as broad location and motion information such as altitude, heading, and speed.
Driving event and motion activity information collected through technology embedded in your mobile device, including gyroscope, accelerometer, compass, and Bluetooth, and includes information related to your motion activity (such as cycling, walking, running, or driving) and information about your speed, acceleration, and deceleration.
Inferences (such as consumer preferences drawn from other information we collect).
Demographic information, such as your age and gender, in connection with your account setup or if you use one of our Tile or Jiobit Products.
Attributes that may be considered “sensitive” under State Privacy Laws, including information about your race, ethnicity, religion, or health conditions, if you choose to provide it in connection with certain Services we offer, such as emergency assistance.
Other content and information you choose to provide to us, such as customer support messages and feedback.
Other members of your Life360 Circles with whom you choose to share personal information and non-Circle members with whom you have requested to share Tiles via the in-app “Unlimited Sharing” setting.
Service providers and advisors, such as vendors that assist us with accounting, managerial, technical, email or chat services, marketing or analytic services, fraud prevention, bot detection, and web hosting.
Business partners that provide certain features and services you elect to use through or in connection with our Products or Service, such as Crash Detection and Emergency Dispatch Services, roadside assistance, identity theft protection; and driving analytics services.
Government agencies, regulators, and others as necessary for legal purposes.
Recipients in connection with business transfers.
Others with your consent or otherwise at your direction.
To provide the Products and Service to you, including to record the location and movements of devices linked to our Services;
To manage your account with us, including authenticating access, verifying identity, and keeping track of your preferences and choices;
To personalize your experience on our Services, such as to display a personalized browsing history;
To measure interest in Life360’s Products and Services;
To ensure the integrity, security and perform internal quality control and optimization of our Products and Service;
To communicate with you about your Account;
For informational, transactional, marketing and operational purposes, such as account management, customer service, or system maintenance;
To process applications, transactions, and payments;
To prevent potentially prohibited, harmful, or illegal activities, including to detect or prevent fraud;
To provide technical support and repair errors or bugs in our Services;
To enforce our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy and comply with our legal obligations.
To market Life360 Products and Services.
To understand how users engage with our Products and Services, including to monitor which features are popular, metrics, and trends;
To conduct individual or market research and analytics;
To help us optimally deliver our existing Products and Services;
To develop new products and services; and
For research and internal analysis.
Certain information we process is considered "sensitive" under State Privacy Laws, such as precise geolocation data, personal information of children, and, if you select to use certain features within our Products and Services, such as emergency assistance, you may provide us information about health conditions and your race, ethnicity, or religion. We process such sensitive information only with your consent, or, in the case of children, with the consent of the child's parent or legal guardian.
As described in the
Information We Collect
section above, we collect personal information from various sources, including directly from you, automatically when you use or interact with our Products or Services, and from third-party sources.
We retain personal information as described in the
Data Retention
subsection above.
Sales, Sharing, and Targeted Advertising Activities
TEXAS NOTICE: We may sell your sensitive personal data.
We engage in activities which may be considered "sales," "sharing," or use of personal information for "targeted advertising" under State Privacy Laws:
As described
above
, we license certain information, including precise geolocation data (which is "sensitive" personal data under certain State Privacy Laws) to select business partners for their own advertising and monetization purposes.
As described
above
, we also disclose certain categories of personal information to third parties to engage in targeted advertising, including to promote our Products and Services on third-party websites and to inform the targeted ads shown to you on our Services.
The table below provides more information about the information we disclose and the nature of third parties that receive it for such purposes.
Category of Personal Information
Category of Third Parties
Identifiers (such as pseudonymous cookie IDs, IP address, device IDs, advertising IDs, and hashed email address).
Internet or Electronic Network Activity information (such as information about you activity on our Services, links you click, features you use and actions you take within our Services, ads you view or click on, app performance data, and device information such as browser type and language preferences, device make/model, and Wi-Fi connection).
Inferences (such as predictions about your interests based on other information we collect).
Advertising and marketing partners and networks;
Social Networks; and
Select business partners that engage in advertising, marketing, research, and analytics.
Geolocation and movement information, including precise geolocation data (which is “sensitive” personal information under certain State Privacy Laws) as well as broad location and motion information such as altitude, heading, and speed.
Driving event and motion activity information collected through technology embedded in your mobile device, including gyroscope, accelerometer, compass, and Bluetooth, and includes information related to your motion activity (such as cycling, walking, running, or driving) and information about your speed, acceleration, and deceleration.
Select business partners that engage in advertising, marketing, research, and analytics.
We do not engage in sales, sharing, or targeted advertising using personal information about anyone we know to be under the age of 18.
Your Rights Under State Privacy Laws
Opt Out of Sales, Sharing, and Targeted Advertising
You may opt out of activities that we engage in that may constitute "targeted advertising," "sharing," or "sales" of personal information, including precise geolocation data, under the State Privacy Laws. To opt out:
Follow the instructions behind the "Your Privacy Choices
" link in the footer of each of our websites to opt out of disclosures for such purposes via Tracking Technologies on our websites. Your opt-out choice will be linked to your browser only; therefore, you will need to renew your opt-out choice if you visit our website from a new device or browser, or if you clear your browser’s cookies. You can also opt out by visiting our websites with a legally recognized universal opt-out signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control.
Follow the instructions behind the "Your Privacy Choices
" link available behind the “Privacy & Security” option in the settings menu of our apps to opt your account out of disclosures by Life360 of your information—including a hashed version of your email address—for such purposes and Life360’s use of third-party information to inform the ads you are shown on our Services. We will also treat your account as opted out of these activities if you use controls available through your mobile device’s operating system.
Use these tools to opt out will also direct us to limit our use and disclosure of precise geolocation data, which we considered "sensitive" under certain State Privacy Laws.
Access, Correction, and Deletion
You have the right to (1) request to know more about and access your personal information, including in a portable format, (2) request deletion of your personal information, and (3) request correction of inaccurate personal information. If you would like to submit a request to exercise your rights, please follow the instructions set forth
above
.
Alternatively, you may submit a request to exercise your rights under State Privacy Laws via email by contacting us at
privacy@life360.com
and including your account name and mobile telephone number as well as the consumer right you would like to exercise. To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps such as verifying your email address and specific information to verify your identity and request. For faster response time, we recommend members submit all requests through the in-app Privacy & Security Settings.
Nondiscrimination
We do not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights. Note that we may need certain information in order to provide our Services to you; if you ask us to delete your account, for example, we will no longer be able to provide Services to you.
Appeals
If we deny your request, you may appeal our decision by contacting us at
privacy@life360.com
. If you have concerns about the result of your appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside.
Authorized Agents
If you reside in California, you may also designate an authorized agent to submit an access, deletion, or correction request on your behalf. Authorized agents must submit the request via email to
privacy@life360.com
and include a signed letter from the Life360 member confirming the agent has permission to submit the request on the member's behalf. In certain circumstances, we may need to request additional information to verify the identity of the member about whom the request is being made and/or to verify that the member has provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request. We may deny a request in the event we are not able to verify the authorized agent's authority to act on your behalf.
If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request to opt out of sales, sharing, or targeted advertising on behalf of a consumer, please contact us at
privacy@life360.com
.
Annual Request Metrics
California law requires us to compile metrics for the previous calendar year regarding consumer requests and responses. Below are certain metrics for requests we receive from all individuals (including California residents) between January 1, 2023, and December 31, 2023.
Request Type
Number of Requests Received
Number of Requests Denied (Due to No Verification)
Number of Requests Verified and Processed
Mean Number of Days for Processing Verified Requests
Know/Access
(requests to know/access)
38,162
135
38,027
8.14
Delete
(requests to delete)
1,474,093
0
1,433,043
23.5
Request Type
Number of Requests Received
Mean Number of Days for Processing Verified Requests
Opt-Out
(request to opt-out of sales of personal information)
Verified: 1,466,302
Unverified: 6,633*
1-2 days
Limit
(requests to limit the sharing of sensitive personal information)
Life360 does not differentiate between regular Opt-Outs and Requests to Limit Sharing - they are treated the same way.
*Unverified requests are requests received from automated tools and Life360 is unable to verify both the authenticity and the member making such requests. Life360 takes no action for requests that cannot be verified.
B. International Transfer
You agree that all information collected via or by Life360 may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates or the servers of our service providers. Your information may be accessible to law enforcement or other authorities pursuant to a lawful request. By providing information to Life360, you explicitly consent to the storage of your information in these locations, this may mean that your personal information will be stored in a jurisdiction that offers a level of protection that may, in certain instances, be less protective of your personal information than the jurisdiction you are typically resident in. We will implement appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), UK, or Switzerland, we will protect your personal information when it is transferred outside your jurisdiction by: (i) processing it in compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as described
below
; and/or (ii) implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your personal information, such as entering into appropriate data transfer agreements based on the Standard Contractual Clauses, or another lawful and approved transfer mechanism. If you wish to enquire further about the safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out at the end of this privacy notice.
Except in some cases where we may rely on an exception under the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), we will take reasonable steps to ensure that such overseas recipients do not breach the Australian Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) in relation to such information.
C. Individuals in Europe
If you are located in Europe, the following section applies to you.
i. Legal Basis for Processing
Our legal basis for processing your personal information varies depending on the type of information we collect and the context in which we collect it as well as our records of your country of residence. Depending on where you reside, we may rely on different legal bases to process your information.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area or in a jurisdiction where similar legal requirements may apply such as Switzerland, and the United Kingdom, we rely on a number of legal bases to process information about you. We will process information about you where we have your consent, where we have a legitimate interest to do so, where the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, and/or where we have a legal obligation to process your information. For example we typically rely on:
Necessity to meet an actual contractual obligation when you create a Life360, Tile or Jiobit account to enable us to provide you with our Products and Services.
Consent when placing cookies on your device on the web (through our cookie consent manager), to send you email marketing, or to deliver third-party targeted advertising to you related to our Products and Services. Note that when consent is the legal basis for our processing of your personal information, you may withdraw such consent at any time.
Our legitimate interests to process your information when providing you with customer service support, to serve targeted marketing of our Products and Services, for fraud prevention and security purposes.
To fulfill our contractual obligations.
Necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
ii. Data Subject Requests
You have the right to (1) access your personal information, including in a portable format, (2) request erasure of your personal information, and (3) request correction of inaccurate personal information. In addition, you may have the right to object to certain processing or request we restrict certain processing. You may exercise these rights by following the instructions in the
Your Choices About Your Information
section above. Alternatively, you may submit a request to exercise your rights via email by contacting us at
privacy@life360.com
. We may ask for additional information from you to clarify your request and verify that you are authorized to make your request. We will respond to requests to exercise privacy rights according to applicable laws.
If you have concerns about our processing of personal information, we encourage you to contact us in the first instance. However, if we are unable to resolve it, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local Data Protection Authority. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission ("FTC"), and a list of supervisory authorities in the EEA, UK, and Switzerland and their respective contact details are available behind the links below:
EEA:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
United Kingdom:
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
Switzerland:
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact.html
iii. Data Privacy Framework
Life360 and Tile, Inc. (collectively, the "Life360 Companies") comply with the requirements of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) (collectively “DPF”), as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce, regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and the United Kingdom (“UK”) and Switzerland to the United States. The Life360 Companies have certified to the Department of Commerce that they adhere to the DPF Principles with respect to personal information transferred to them in reliance on the DPF. To the extent that the DPF applies to your information, if there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. The Life360 Companies are subject to the investigatory powers of the FTC with respect to their DPF compliance. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view the Life360 Companies' certifications, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/
. The Life360 Companies may also protect information through other legally valid methods, including international data transfer agreements.
If you are an EEA or UK or Swiss citizen you may be able to exercise certain choices under the DPF regarding how some of your personal data is used and disclosed, and may access, correct or delete certain personal data by following the instructions in
Section V (Your Choices About Your Information)
and
Section VIII(C)(ii) (Data Subject Requests)
in this Privacy Policy.
You may also have the right to opt out of the Life360 Companies' use or disclosure of personal data received or transferred pursuant to the DPF, if the Life360 Companies will (i) use such personal data for a new purpose that is materially different from the purposes for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or (ii) disclose such personal data to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be done according to the process described in
Section III
. If the person data is "sensitive" (such as information about health conditions, race, ethnicity, or religion), the Life360 Companies will not process such sensitive personal data as described in (i) or (ii) above without your opt-in consent.
When the Life360 Companies receive personal information under the DPF and then transfer it to a third-party service provider acting as their agent on their behalf, the Life360 Companies remain liable under the DPF if both (a) the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF and (b) the Life360 Companies are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
If you are an EEA or UK or Swiss citizen and feel that the Life360 Companies are not abiding by the terms of this Privacy Policy, or are not in compliance with the DPF Principles, please contact the Life360 Companies at the contact information provided in
Section IX (Contact Us If You Have Questions or Concerns), below.
If the Life360 Companies are unable to resolve your concerns, they have agreed, in compliance with DPF, to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF to JAMS
, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF-related complaint from the Life30 Companies, or if they have not addressed your DPF-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
If any request remains unresolved, you may contact the national data protection authority for your jurisdiction of residence. Under certain conditions, if your DPF complaint has not been resolved after raising it with the Life360 Companies or by following the JAMS procedure above, you may invoke binding arbitration to resolve complaints with respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the DPF, as described in Annex I of the DPF, available here:
https://go.adr.org/dpfeufiling.html.
C. Individuals in Australia
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
In Australia, we will only use and disclose your personal information for the purposes of marketing Life360 Products and Services or the services of third-party organizations where you have consented to us doing so, or as otherwise permitted by law.
Security Liability for Australian Members
Except to the extent liability cannot be excluded due to the operation of statute, we exclude all liability (including in negligence) for the consequences of any unauthorized access to, disclosure of, misuse of, or loss or corruption of your personal information. Nothing in this Privacy Policy restricts, excludes, or modifies, or purports to restrict, exclude or modify any statutory consumer rights under any applicable law including the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth).
IX. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES AND SERVICES
Our Services may contain links to websites and services that are owned or operated by third parties. Any information that you provide on or to a third-party service, or that is collected by a third-party service, is provided directly to the owner or operator of the third-party service and is subject to the owner’s or operator’s privacy policy. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Life360, Tile, or Jiobit Services to another website or app, or engage with a third-party service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction, on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies, and Life360 is not responsible for the practices employed by those apps, websites, or services, nor the information or content contained therein.
X. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it frequently. If we are required by applicable data protection laws to give you enhanced notice or seek out consent to any such changes, we will do so. Otherwise, changes to this Policy will be effective when posted.
If you object to any of the changes to this Privacy Policy, you must cease using our Products and/or Services, and may request us to erase your personal information. Any information that is collected through your use of our Products or Services is covered by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
XI. CONTACT US IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, this Privacy Policy, our Products, or Services, please contact us at
privacy@life360.com
or by postal mail:
Life360, Inc.
ATTN: Privacy
1900 S. Norfolk Street, #310
San Mateo, CA 94403
United States
XII. PREVIOUS POLICY
Previous Privacy Policy
Korean Personal Data Processing Policy (Privacy Policy) Addendum
Return to top
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://life360-legal.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/16043863567127-Korean-Personal-Data-Processing-Policy-Privacy-Policy-Addendum-%ED%95%9C%EA%B5%AD-%EA%B0%9C%EC%9D%B8-%EB%8D%B0%EC%9D%B4%ED%84%B0-%EC%B2%98%EB%A6%AC%EC%A0%95%EC%B1%85-%EA%B0%9C%EC%9D%B8%EC%A0%95%EB%B3%B4-%EB%B3%B4%ED%98%B8%EC%A0%95%EC%B1%85-%EB%B6%80%EB%A1%9D:
Skip to main content
Life360 Legal
Terms and Policies
Terms and Policies
Articles in this section
Life360 Privacy Policy
Life360 Terms of Service
Notice At Collection
Life360 Law Enforcement Guidelines
Life360 Product and Services Terms
Korean Personal Data Processing Policy (Privacy Policy) Addendum - 한국 개인 데이터 처리정책(개인정보 보호정책) 부록
Information Regarding EU/EEA/UK Consumers’ Right of Withdrawal
See all
한국 이용자를 위한 개인정보 처리방침 부록
게시일: 2024년 12월 6일
한국 이용자들을 위한 개인정보 처리방침 부록(“본 부록”)은 현지 개인정보 보호법에서 요구하는 추가적인 내용을 고지합니다. 본 부록은 한국에 거주하는 이용자의 개인정보에 관한 Life360의 처리 내역을 명시하고 있으며 자세한 내용은
Life360 개인정보 처리방침을
참조하시기 바랍니다. 다만, 한국 이용자의 개인정보와 관련하여 개인정보 처리방침과 본 부록이 상충하는 경우 본 부록의 조항이 우선합니다.
개인정보의수집및이용
목적
이용자의 개인정보는 Life360 서비스의 제공, 개발, 개선을 위하여, 이용자가 다른 이용자와 연결될 수 있도록 하기 위하여, 불법 및 부정행위를 방지하기 위하여 수집 및 이용됩니다.
항목
회원가입 과정에서 다음과 같은 개인정보가 수집될 수 있습니다
:
이용자명, 성명, 이메일 주소, 휴대폰 번호
이용자의 서비스 이용 방식에 따라 다음과 같은 개인정보가 수집될 수 있습니다
:
사진, 가족의 이름, 이메일 주소, 핸드폰 번호, 결제 정보, 배송 정보(Tile의 실물 제품을 구매하는 경우), 인구통계학정보, 생년월일, 위치정보, 드라이빙 이벤트 정보, 메시지 및 이용자 콘텐츠, SNS 정보, 본인확인정보, 고객 상담 기록(이메일 또는 통화내용), 무선 액세스 포인트 비밀번호, 애완동물의 종
자동수집장치에 의해 다음과 같은 정보가 자동으로 수집될 수 있습니다
:
쿠키, 서비스 이용기록(예를 들어 Life360에서 어떤 기능을 사용하였는지, 어떤 위치에서 접속하였는지, 어떤 링크를 통해 접속하였는지 등), 디바이스 정보, 분석 정보
보유기간
당사는 개인정보의 수집 및 이용 목적 달성 시까지 또는 관련 법령에 의해 허용되거나 요구되는 때까지 개인정보를 보유합니다.
개인정보
저장방법
귀하에게 당사의 서비스를 제공하기 위해 당사는 귀하의 개인정보를 한국 이외 지역인 미국에 위치한 당사의 해외 서버에 저장합니다.
개인정보
이전
국가
:
미국
개인정보
이용
목적
:
개인정보 처리방침 제
1조(귀하의 개인정보 수집 및 이용 방법)
참조
이전
일자
및
방법
:
저장 및 처리를 위한 제출 시 이전
이전대상
개인정보
:
개인정보 처리방침 제
1조(귀하의 개인정보 수집 및 사용 방법)
참조
보유
및
이용기간
:
개인정보 처리방침 제
2부—EEA 및 스위스 내 이용자에 대한 개인정보 처리방침 제6조(귀하의 개인정보 저장 및 이전)
참조. 해당 조항은 모든 개인정보의 해외 이전에 적용됨
개인정보의제3자제공
이용자가 동의한 경우, 당사는 이용자의 성명, 이메일 주소, 정확한 위치 정보, 드라이빙 이벤트 정보 등 개인정보를 이용자의 가족 및 서클 멤버들과 공유합니다.
당사는 당사의 자회사 Tile Inc.와도 아래와 같이 개인정보를 공유합니다.
개인정보를
이전
받는
자
(
서비스
제공자
또는
관계사
)
개인정보
보호책임자
연락처
개인정보를
이전받는
자의
개인정보
이용목적
이전되는
개인정보
항목
개인정보가
이전되는
국가
이전
시기
및
방법
개인정보를
이전받는
자의
개인정보
보유
및
이용
기간
관계사
-
Tile, Inc.
(Life360의 완전자회사)
Susan Stick
privacy@tile.com
Tile은 Life360의 완전자회사로서 하드웨어 기기를 생산 및 판매하는 회사이며 해당 기기는 Life360 앱과 연결될 수 있음; Tile은 개인정보를 내부 분석 목적을 위하여 이용함
IP 주소, 웹 브라우징, 참조 URL, 검색 항목, 쿠키 정보/태그/비콘, 온라인 구매, 정확한 위치정보, 기타 사용정보, 오프라인 활동 정보, 수동 처리정보, 건강/의료 정보, 성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소, 이용자명, 패스워드, 인구통계학 정보, 관심분야, 나이/생년월일, 신용카드번호, MAC 주소, 기타 고유 ID, 기기정보, 진단정보, 연락처, 기타 이용자 생성 콘텐츠, 프리 텍스트 필드, 마이너 정보(Minor Data), 금융정보, 범죄행위정보, IP 정보
미국
Tile은 Life360의 자회사이며 백엔드 시스템은 Tile 및 Life360 직원 모두 접근할 수 있으므로, 개인정보는 Tile과 지속적으로 공유됨
귀하의 개인정보는 귀하가 Life360 및/또는 Tile 제품을 이용하는 동안 보유됨
이 외, Life360은 한국 이용자의 개인정보를 독립적인 사용 목적을 가진 제3자에 제공하지 않으며 향후에도 그러할 것입니다.
4.
개인정보처리업무의위탁
특정 제3자 서비스 제공자는 Life360을 위하여 일부 기능을 수행할 수 있으며 해당 기능을 수행하기 위해 아래와 같이 필요한 귀하의 개인정보에 접근할 수 있습니다.
개인정보를
이전
받는
자
(
서비스
제공자
또는
관계사
)
개인정보
보호책임자
연락처
개인정보를
이전받는
자의
개인정보
이용목적
이전되는
개인정보
항목
개인정보가
이전되는
국가
이전
시기
및
방법
개인정보를
이전받는
자의
개인정보
보유
및
이용
기간
서비스
제공자
24/7 Intouch
Megan Bernett
privacy@24-7intouch.com
24-7 Intouch는 당사의 고객연락센터 업무를 위탁 받음
IP 주소, 웹 브라우징, 참조 URL, 검색 항목, 쿠키 정보/태그/비콘, 온라인 구매, 정확한 위치정보, 기타 사용정보, 오프라인 활동 정보, 수동 처리정보, 건강/의료 정보, 성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소, 이용자명, 패스워드, 인구통계학 정보, 관심분야, 나이/생년월일, 신용카드번호 마지막 4자리, 금융계좌번호, 위치 정보, DL 번호, 기타 정부 발행 ID, MAC 주소, 고유 ID, 기기 정보, 진단 정보, 연락처, 사진, 음성 녹음, 영상, 기타 이용자 생성 콘텐츠, 프리 텍스트 필드(Free Text Fields), 마이너 정보(Minor Data), IP 정보, 신체/정신 건강 정보 (신체 활동)
미국
필요한 경우 안전한 웹 포털을 통해 정보에 접근함
통화기록은 90일 이후 삭제됨
기타 정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Ada Support, Inc.
Ada Privacy Officer
privacy@ada.support
Ada Support는 Life360 및 Tile 고객에게 고객 지원 및 안내 서비스를 제공하는 인공 지능 기반 챗봇을 제공함
IP 주소, 참조 URL, 쿠키 정보/태그/비콘, 온라인 구매, 기타 사용 정보, 성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 우편 주소, 금융정보, 위치정보, 프리 텍스트 필드
미국 및 캐나다
정보는 지속적으로 또는 관련 거래가 처리될 때 Life360 시스템과 연동됨에 따라 이전됨
정보는 귀하가 Life360 및/또는 Tile 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Amplitude
Rebecca Ballew
privacy@amplitude.com
;
ccpa@amplitude.com
행동분석 및 동향을 제공하기 위해 사용되는 주요 이벤트 도구
IP 주소, 웹 브라우징, 참조 URL, 검색 항목, 쿠키 정보/태그/비콘, 온라인 구매, 기타 사용 정보, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 이용자명, 관심분야, 위치정보, 기타 고유 ID, 진단정보, 마이너 정보(Minor Data)
미국
정보는 지속적으로 또는 거래가 처리됨에 따라 애플리케이션 프로그래밍 인터페이스에 의해 이전됨
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Apple App Store Connect
, 및
Apple Search Ads
Katherine Adams
https://www.apple.com/privacy/contact/
iOS 앱 스토어에 등재될 iOS 앱용 호스팅 플랫폼에서 당사의 스토어 등재(store listing), 창조적(creative) 자산, 스토어 등재 사본(store listing copy)을 관리함
앱 마켓 방문, 앱 마켓 클릭, 설치, 제거, 평점/리뷰에 대한 정보 및 기타 사용 정보
미국
정보는 지속적으로 또는 관련 거래가 처리될 때 Life360 시스템과 연동됨에 따라 이전됨
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
AppsFlyer
Eitan Martin
privacy@appsflyer.com
AppsFlyer는 모바일 측정 파트너(MMP)로서 앱 설치, 이용자를 추적하고 설치를 적절한 캠페인/미디어 소스에 귀속시키는 분석 플랫폼임. 또한 Life360 앱 내에서 설치 후 이용자 행동을 추적함
IP 주소, 웹 브라우징, 참조 URL, 검색 항목, 온라인 구매, 위치 정보, MAC 주소, 기타 고유 ID
미국
정보는 지속적으로 또는 관련 거래가 처리될 때 Life360 시스템과 연동됨에 따라 이전됨
정보는 1년 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Atlassian
Kelly Gertridge
privacy@atlassian.com
Atlassian의 JIRA 및 Confluence 제품은 버그 추적 및 프로젝트 관리를 위해 사용됨
정확한 위치정보, 수동처리 정보, 성명, 이메일 주소, 이용자명, 위치정보, 기타 고유ID
미국
필요한 경우 정보는 수동으로 입력됨.
정보는 귀하가 Life360 및/또는 Tile 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
AWS (Amazon)
David A. Zapolsky
https://aws.amazon.com/contact-us/?nc1=f_m
동향 분석 제공 (정보 분석, 영업, 마케팅, 제품, 운영(제조/주문이행), 펌웨어)- 마케팅을 위한 내부 및 Google 분석
IP 주소, 정확한 위치정보, 기타 이용자 정보, 성명, 이메일 주소, 이용자명, 기타 고유 ID, 기기 정보
미국
정보는 지속적으로 또는 거래가 처리됨에 따라 애플리케이션 프로그래밍 인터페이스에 의해 이전됨
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Braze
Alex Tindale
privacy@braze.com
Braze는 Life360 브랜드에 참여하는 이용자에 대한 정보를 가져와 이용자 정보를 기반으로 마케팅 커뮤니케이션을 개발할 수 있도록 하는 CRM 도구임. LCM은 Braze에 저장된 이용자 정보를 바탕으로 캠페인/캔버스를 개발하여 궁극적으로 브랜드에 대한 참여를 유도하고자 함. Braze내에는 당사가 소유하고 운용하는 채널이 플랫폼에 상주(living in the platform)하고 있으며 해당 채널은 푸시 알림, 이메일 및 앱내 메시징을 포함함
IP 주소, 웹 브라우징, 참조 URL, 온라인 구매, 정확한 위치 정보, 기타 사용정보, 수동처리 정보, 성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소, 이용자명, 인구통계학 정보, 관심분야, 나이/생년월일, 위치정보, 기타 고유 ID, 기기 정보, 기타 이용자 생성 콘텐츠, 마이너 정보(Minor Data)
미국
정보는 지속적으로 또는 거래가 처리됨에 따라 애플리케이션 프로그래밍 인터페이스에 의해 이전됨
정보는 Braze가 Life360에 대한 자신의 계약상 의무를 지원하기 위해 필요한 기간 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Chargebee
Denis Curran
privacy@chargebee.com
Chargebee는 결제 처리 및 구독을 위한 고객정보 보유에 사용됨.
온라인 구매, 성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소, 이용자명, 신용카드 번호, 금융정보
미국
정보는 거래가 처리된 경우 웹사이트에 연동됨에 따라 이전됨
정보는 귀하가 Tile 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Data ai
(AppAnnie)
David Fuller
privacy@data.ai
Life360이 모바일 및 디지털 성능을 이해, 벤치마킹 및 최적화하는데 도움이 되는 비교 앱 분석을 위한 플랫폼.
비교 분석 정보
미국
정보는 처리 이행을 위해 필요한 경우 연동을 통해 이전됨
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Databricks
Cheryl Allieri
privacy@databricks.com
Databricks 기본 정보베이스는 Tile의 정보 웨어하우스(warehouse)내 대다수 테이블을 포함함. 이러한 테이블은 분석, 마케팅, 재무, 설계, 운영, 그리고 제품 목적을 위해 이용되며 Tile dl용자, 기기 및 서비스에 대한 정보를 포함하나 이에 국한되지 않음. 기본 정보(underlying data)는 AWS S3 bucket에 저장되고 Databricks를 통해 접근할 수 있음
온라인 구매, 기타 이용자 정보, 성명, 이메일 정보, 전화번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소, 위치정보, 기타 고유ID, 프리 텍스트 필드
미국
정보는 처리 이행을 위해 필요한 경우 연동을 통해 이전됨
정보는 Databricks가 Life360에 대한 자신의 계약상 의무를 지원하기 위해 필요한 기간 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Google: Ads,
태그
관리자
,
검색
콘솔
,
서비스
제공자
-
Analytics, and Play
Erica Walker
+1 (866) 777-7550
Life360 광고를 이용하여 Google 이용자를 대상으로  Google 검색, Play Store 및 YouTube 등을 등록, 체험, 구독을 유도함
IP 주소, 웹 브라우징, 검색 항목, 쿠키 정보/태그/비콘, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, MAC 주소, 기타 고유 ID, 기기정보
미국
정보는 지속적으로 또는 관련 거래가 처리될 때 Life360 시스템과 연동됨에 따라 이전됨
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Microsoft Bing
Julie Brill
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/concern/privacy
Life360광고를 이용하여Microsoft 이용자를 대상으로 등록, 체험 및 가입을 유도함.
웹 브라우징, 검색 항목, 쿠키 정보/태그/비콘
미국
필요한 경우 안전한 웹 포털을 통해 정보에 접근함
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Mode
Mode Privacy Officer
privacy@modeanaytics.com
Mode는 비즈니스 정보 분석 도구로서 정보 분석 목적을 위해 사용됨
분석 정보
미국
정보는 계획에 따라 또는 필요한 경우 Life360 시스템과 연동됨에 따라 이전됨
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Netsuite
Rachelle Gaerlan
privacy_ww@oracle.com
재무 및 회계, 주문, 고객 관리, 구매 및 재고.
온라인 구매, 성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소
미국
정보는 지속적으로 또는 거래가 처리됨에 따라 애플리케이션 프로그래밍 인터페이스에 의해 이전됨
정보는 Netsuite가 Life360에 대하여 수탁 받은 계약상 의무를 수행하기 위해 필요한 기간 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
OnCall INTL
Jennifer Brunelle
DPO@tmhcc.com
OnCall International 은 Life360의 플래티넘 회원에게 재해/여행/의료 지원 서비스를 제공함
성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 팩스 번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소, 이용자명, 나이/생년월일, 신용카드정보, 금융계좌번호 (결제 상세사항), 위치 정보, DL 번호, SSN, 기타 정부발행 ID, 연락처, 사진, 음성 녹음, 영상, 기타 이용자 생성 콘텐츠, 프리 텍스트 필드, 마이너 정보(Minor Data)
미국
필요한 경우 안전한 웹 포털을 통해 정보에 접근함
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
PayPal
Alicia Broughel
+1 (888) 221-1161
PayPal은 고객 결제 정보를 위해 사용됨
온라인 구매, 성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소, 이용자명, 신용카드번호, 금융정보
미국
필요한 경우 안전한 웹 포털을 통해 정보에 접근함
정보는 Paypal이 Life360에 대하여 수탁 받은 계약상 의무를 수행하기 위해 필요한 기간 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Recurly
Kevin C. Nguyen
dpo@recurly.com
Recurly는 Life360 고객 청구 정보를 처리하는 데 도움이 되는 결제, 청구 및 소비자 요구 플랫폼임
온라인 구매, 성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소, 이용자명, 신용카드번호, 금융정보
미국
정보는 지속적으로 또는 필요한 경우 애플리케이션 프로그래밍 인터페이스에 의해 이전됨
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Sontiq
Wayne Hodgin
privacy@sontiq.com
골드 및 플래티넘 회원을 위한 ID 도용 방지(IDP) 서비스와 무료 데이터 침해 경보 서비스(Via'Have I Pwed)를 제공함
온라인 구매, 기타 사용정보, 오프라인 활동 정보, 수동 처리정보, 건강/의료 정보, 성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 팩스 번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소, 이용자명, 패스워드, 인구통계학 정보, 나이/생년월일, 신용카드번호, 금융정보, 위치정보, DL 번호, SSN, 기타 정부발행 ID, MAC 주소, 기타 고유 ID, 기기정보, 진단정보, 연락처, 사진, 음성 녹음, 영상, 기타 이용자 생성 콘텐츠, 프리 텍스트 필드, 마이너 정보(Minor Data), 범죄행위정보(IDP 청구 목적에 한함)
미국
귀하가 서비스에 사전동의(opts-in)한 경우 지속적으로 또는 필요한 경우 Life360 시스템과 연동됨에 따라 이전됨
정보는 Songiq가 Life360에 대한 자신의 계약상 의무를 지원하기 위해 필요한 기간 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Stripe
Cathy Lee
privacy@stripe.com
Stripe은 고객 결제정보를 보유하기 위해 사용됨
IP 주소, 온라인 구매, 정확한 위치정보, 성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소, 이용자명, 신용카드번호, 위치정보, 금융정보
미국
정보는 거래가 처리된 경우 웹사이트에 연동됨에 따라 이전됨
정보는 Stripe가 Life360에 대한 자신의 계약상 의무를 지원하기 위해 필요한 기간 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Tableau
Keenan Conder
privacy@salesforce.com
;
datasubjectrequest@salesforce.com
Tableau는 비즈니스 정보 분석 도구로서 정보 분석 목적을 위해 사용됨.
분석정보
미국
정보는 처리를 이행하기 위해 필요한 경우 연동을 통해 이전됨
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Wordpress
Paul Sieminski
privacypolicyupdates@automattic.com
고객의 디지털 경험을 생성, 관리 및 최적화하기 위해 사용되는 당사의 콘텐츠 관리 시스템
IP 주소, 웹 브라우징, 참조 URL, 쿠키 정보/태그/비콘, 이용자명, 패스워드, 사진, 영상, 기타 이용자 생성 콘텐츠, 프리 텍스트 필드
미국
정보는 처리를 이행하기 위해 필요한 경우 연동을 통해 이전됨
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Zendesk
Shanti Ariker
euprivacy@zendesk.com
;
privacy@zendesk.com
Zendesk는 회원들과 소통하는 데 사용되는 주요 도구임. 회원들이 의사연락을 당사에 입력하면 Zendesk로 전달되고 당사가 답변함. 또한 Zendesk SDK는 이용자 상담이 개시되는 경우 앱 내에서 이용자 계정 정보를 입력하는 방식으로 이용자 계정 및 기기 정보를 지원팀에 전달함
IP 주소, 웹 브라우징, 참조 URL, 검색 항목, 쿠키 정보/태그/비콘, 온라인 구매, 기타 사용정보, 수동 처리정보, 성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 팩스 번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소, 이용자명, 패스워드, 나이/생년월일, 신용카드번호 마지막 4자리, 금융계좌번호, DL 번호, 기타 정부발행 ID, MAC 주소, 고유 ID, 기기정보, 진단정보, 콘텐츠, 사진, 음성 녹음, 영상, 기타 이용자  생성 콘텐츠, 프리 텍스트 필드, 마이너 정보(Minor Data)
미국
필요한 경우 안전한 웹 포털을 통해 정보에 접근함
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
5.
개인정보파기절차및방법
Life360은 개인정보 수집 및 이용의 목적이 달성된 경우 본 개인정보 처리방침 및 관련 법령에 따라 귀하의 개인정보를 지체없이 파기합니다.
당사가 귀하의 데이터를 파기하는 경우, 당사는 상업적으로 합리적이고 기술적으로 가능한 조치를 취하여 개인정보를 복구 또는 복제할 수 없게 합니다.
다만, 당사는 관련 법령에서 규정한 바에 따라 아래와 같이 개인정보를 일정기간 동안 보유합니다.
전자상거래 등에서 소비자 보호에 관한 법률
계약 또는 청약철회 등에 관한 기록 : 5년 보관
소비자의 불만 또는 분쟁처리에 관한 기록 : 3년 보관
통신비밀보호법
로그인 기록 : 3개월
6.
개인위치정보의
이용
및
제공
당사는
당사의
위치기반서비스의
제공을
위해
필요한
최소한의
개인위치정보를
이용합니다
.
당사는
이용자의
개인위치정보를
이용한
경우
기술적으로
가능한
경우
위치정보법
준수를
위해
위치정보
이용제공
사실
확인자료
및
해당
개인위치정보를
기록하고
, 6
개월
이상
보관합니다
.
당사는
이용자가
회원
탈퇴
또는
목적
달성
시
위치정보
이용제공
사실
확인자료
및
해당
개인위치정보를
지체없이
파기합니다
.
단
,
관련
법령에
의한
보관이
필요한
경우
해당
기간만큼
보관합니다
.
7.
개인위치정보주체의
권리
이용자는
언제든지
개인위치정보를
이용한
위치기반서비스
제공
및
개인위치정보의
제
3
자
제공에
대하여
당사에게
한
동의의
전부
또는
일부를
철회할
수
있습니다
.
이
경우
당사는
수집한
개인위치정보
및
위치정보
이용
,
제공사실
확인자료를
파기합니다
.
이용자는
당사에
대하여
언제든지
개인위치정보의
수집
,
이용
또는
제공의
일시적인
중지를
요구할
수
있으며
,
당사는
이를
거절할
수
없고
이를
위한
기술적
수단을
갖추고
있습니다
.
이용자는
당사에
대하여
아래의
자료에
대한
열람
또는
고지를
요구할
수
있고
,
당해
자료에
오류가
있는
경우에는
그
정정을
요구할
수
있습니다
.
이
경우
당사는
기술적으로
가능한
경우
요청에
응하겠습니다
.
다만
관련
법령
등
정당한
사유가
있는
경우
요구를
거절할
수
있습니다
.
본인에 대한 위치정보 수집, 이용, 제공사실 확인자료
본인의 개인위치정보가 위치정보의 보호 및 이용 등에 관한 법률 또는 다른 법률 규정에 의하여 제3자에게 제공된 이유 및 내용
이용자는
위
권리를
당사가
정한
절차를
통해
행사할
수
있습니다
.
당사는
8
세
이하의
한국
이용자의
정보를
수집하지
않습니다
.
또한
당사는
아래의
경우에
해당하는
이용자
(
이하
“
보호대상자
”
이라
함
)
의
보호의무자가
보호대상자
등의
생명
또는
신체보호를
위하여
개인위치정보의
수집
,
이용
또는
제공에
동의하는
경우에는
본인의
동의가
있는
것으로
봅니다
.
피성년후견인
장애인복지법 제2조제2항제2호의 규정에 의한 정신적 장애를 가진 자로서 장애인고용촉진 및 직업재활법 제2조제2호의 규정에 의한 중증장애인에 해당하는 자(장애인복지법 제32조의 규정에 의하여 장애인등록을 한 사람에 한정)
보호대상자의
생명
또는
신체의
보호를
위하여
개인위치정보의
수집
,
이용
또는
제공에
동의를
하고자
하는
보호의무자는
서면동의서에
보호의무자임을
증명하는
서면을
첨부하여
회사에
제출하여야
합니다
.
보호의무자는
보호대상자의
개인위치정보
수집
,
이용
또는
제공에
동의하는
경우
개인위치정보주체
권리의
전부를
행사할
수
있습니다
.
8.
개인정보보호
및
민원처리
담당부서
Life360, Inc.
수신인: Susan Stick, 법률 고문 (한국 이용자 문의)
1900 S. Norfolk Street, #310
San Mateo, CA 94403
USA
이메일:
privacy@life360.com
또한 관련 법에 따른 당사의 국내대리인은 아래와 같습니다.
현지 대리인: Bae, Kim & Lee, LLC
대표자 성명: 오양호
Centropolis B,
26 Ujeongguk-ro, Jongno-gu
Seoul, Korea 03161
전화번호: 02-3404-0100
이메일: privacyrep.life360@bkl.co.kr
(
이전 버전
)
Return to top
Sub-policy 1
https://life360-legal.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/16043995801623-Limit-Information-Sharing-with-Third-party-Partners-Through-In-App-Privacy-Settings:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
We and our 10 IAB TCF partners store and access information on your device for the following purposes: store and/or access information on a device, advertising and content measurement, audience research, and services development, personalised advertising, and personalised content.
Personal data may be processed to do the following: use precise geolocation data and actively scan device characteristics for identification.
Our third party IAB TCF partners may store and access information on your device such as IP address and device characteristics. Our IAB TCF Partners may process this personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, or with your consent. You may change or withdraw your preferences at any time by clicking on the cookie icon or link; however, as a consequence, you may not see relevant ads or personalized content.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy
Storage Preferences
Third Parties
Storage
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Skip to main content
Home
Supplemental
Supplemental
Articles in this section
Why am I Receiving this Privacy Policy or Terms of Service Update Notice
Third Party Service Providers with whom Life360 Members may have Create a Direct Relationship
Identity Verification
To Opt-out of Life360 Sharing Data with Third-parties for Advertising Purposes
Limit Information Sharing with Third-party Partners Through In-App Privacy Settings
Crash Detection and Emergency Dispatch Services
Roadside/Breakdown Assistance Coverage
Identity Theft Protection
Driving Analytics Services
Email and Telephone Communications
See more
See all
The Life360 app provides several mechanisms for our members to out-out of sharing personally identifiable information (including location and movement data) with our partners for targeted advertising, research, attribution, and similar purposes.
Members using the Life360 App:
iOS device users may opt-out by selecting “Ask App Not to Track” upon installation of the Life360 app on your device or by following the below instructions.
Members may opt-out of app-based personal information sales at any time by following these steps in the Life360 app:
Log into your account on the Life360 mobile app on your device
Open the app and navigate to the "Settings" menu
Tap on "Privacy & Security"
Tap on “Your Privacy Choices
”
Then move the “Personal Information Sales” toggle to the OFF position
You must follow these in-app steps for each person in your Circle as the “Your Privacy Choices
” option is limited to the data for the account logged in at the time of the request.
Note
: This setting is automatically toggled “OFF” for members outside of the United States, Canada, Mexico, Puerto Rico and Australia, for those members who have clicked on “Ask App Not to Track” upon installation of the Life360 app on their iOS device and for members who have provided date of birth and are under the age of consent.
Members using Tile (& Jio) Devices:
Importantly, and for the avoidance of doubt, locations associated with your Physical Products (Tiles, Jiobits or other hardware products that have the Tile finding technology embedded in them) whether they appear in the Tile, Jiobit, or Life360 apps will not be sold to or monetized by third parties even in aggregated form.
Effect of Opting-Out:
If you opt-out, using Apple’s App Tracking Transparency framework or the “Personal Information Sales” toggle within the Life360 App, Life360 will continue to collect your device location and movement data and to share such information with your Circles and with third parties as needed to support and provide the Life360 Services or other services you engage, but we will no longer share your personally identifiable information with our third party partners for their own advertising and other commercial purposes. Please note, some third party partners may continue to send you location-based ads based on your previous location(s) or may approximate your location based on other information they may have collected.
To Opt-In to Personal Information Sales:
Members may opt-in to app-based personal information sales at any time by following these steps in the Life360 app:
Log into your account on the Life360 mobile app on your device
Open the app and navigate to the "Settings" menu
Tap on "Privacy & Security"
Tap on “Your Privacy Choices
”
Then move the “Personal Information Sales” toggle to the ON position
You must follow these in-app steps for each person in your Circle as the “Your Privacy Choices
” option is limited to the data for the account logged in at the time of the request.
If you are an iOS device user and have previously opted-out of personal information sales and sharing by clicking on “Ask App Not to Track” upon installation of the Life360 app and wish to opt-in to personal information sales and sharing utilizing the “Personal Information Sales” toggle, you must first re-enable app tracking under your device’s Privacy & Security Settings and then toggling “Personal Information Sales” to ON within the Life360 app.
Return to top
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Opt-Out
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
Do Not Sell My Personal Info
Life360 is in the business of helping you find what matters. In order to give you the best experience, we use advertising technologies like pixels to help deliver relevant messages to you about our products and services, as well as to help us measure the effectiveness of those messages. In some instances, our advertising partners may glean information about things like your visit to our website and/or purchases you’ve made. Under California law, this is included in the definition of “sale” and thus triggers the requirement for this “do not sell” disclosure.
You can opt-out of sharing this information by toggling the tracking cookies below. If you are a Life360 customer and want to opt-out of all targeted advertising, please send an email to privacy@life360.com. If you are a Tile customer and want to opt-out of all targeted advertising, please send an email to terms@thetileapp.com. Please note that cookie settings are device and browser-specific, you will need to toggle the cookie settings on all of your devices and browsers. If you opt-out, note that you may still see Tile ads, but they won’t be tailored to your interests.
Cookie Settings
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience.
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Privacy Policy
Continue
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
All Other Cookies
Functional Cookies
Switch Label
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
Switch Label
We do not serve third-party ads on its sites or services - targeted or otherwise. We do use cookies to help provide you with information and advertising about our products that we think will be useful to you. By using the toggles below, you may opt-out of cookie-based marketing efforts.

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 2
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 3
https://life360-legal.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/28027514040471-Life360-Privacy-Policy-previous-to-November-26-2024:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
We and our 10 IAB TCF partners store and access information on your device for the following purposes: store and/or access information on a device, advertising and content measurement, audience research, and services development, personalised advertising, and personalised content.
Personal data may be processed to do the following: use precise geolocation data and actively scan device characteristics for identification.
Our third party IAB TCF partners may store and access information on your device such as IP address and device characteristics. Our IAB TCF Partners may process this personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, or with your consent. You may change or withdraw your preferences at any time by clicking on the cookie icon or link; however, as a consequence, you may not see relevant ads or personalized content.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy
Storage Preferences
Third Parties
Storage
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Skip to main content
Home
Historical Terms and Policies
Historical Privacy Policies
Articles in this section
Life360 Privacy Policy previous to November 26, 2024
Life360 Privacy Policy previous to November 4, 2022
Jiobit Privacy Policy previous to January 3, 2022
Tile Privacy Policy previous to January 3, 2023
Life360 Privacy Policy previous to January 3, 2023
Life360 Privacy & Cookie Policy (Previous 2024.1)
Life360 Privacy & Cookie Policy (Previous 2023.1)
Korean Personal Data Processing Policy (Privacy Policy) Addendum - 한국 개인 데이터 처리정책(개인정보 보호정책) 부록 (이전의)
See all
This Privacy Policy was last modified on March 5, 2024.
Life360 protects and connects your loved ones, pets, and important items to make your life easier and less stressful. We take your privacy as seriously as you do, and we are committed to protecting it.  This Privacy Policy explains our practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, storage, and protection of personal information that is collected through our products and services, as well as your choices regarding the same.
As you review our policy, keep in mind that it applies to Life360, Inc.’s ("
Life360
", "
we
", "
our
", or "
us
") websites, mobile apps (Life360, Tile, and Jiobit), help center and other associated services we provide (“
Services
”).  It also applies to Life360 physical devices (e.g., Tile trackers and partner products that have the Tile-finding technology embedded within them) as well as other products such as Labels (“
Products
”).
Before accessing or using our Products and/or Services, please ensure that you have read this Policy and understand how we collect, store, use, and disclose your personal information as described herein.
Table of Contents
I. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
A. Information You Give Us Directly
B. Information We Collect when You Use or Interact with our Products and Services
C. Information Provided to Us by Third Parties
II. HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
A. Cookies and Similar Technologies
B. Analytics and Advertising Technologies
III. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
A. Administrative Purposes
B. Marketing Life360 Products and Services
C. Research and Development
D. Connecting with Social Media
E. Information Collected Automatically Through the use of Tracking Technology
IV. INFORMATION WE DISCLOSE TO THIRD PARTIES
A. Disclosing to Others in Your Life360 Circles, or Friends
B. Information Posted to our Blogs, Community Forums or Other Public Websites
C. Service Providers, Business Partners and Advisors
D. Purchasers and Other Third Parties in Connection with a Business Transaction
E. Law Enforcement, Regulators and Other Parties for Legal Reasons
F. De-Identified Information
V. YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
A. Modifying, Correcting, Reviewing and Deleting Your Information
B. Communications from Life360
C. Location and Movement Data Collection and Sharing in the Life360 App
D. Web-Based Personal Information Sales
VI. OUR POLICY TOWARDS CHILDREN
A. Setting up a Child Account
B. Personal Information we Collect about Children
C. Information sharing about Children
D. Contact Us Regarding your Child’s Account or Information
VII. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
A. Security
B. Accuracy and Confidentiality of Your Email Address and Password
C. Jiobit Device Security
D. Fraud Prevention
E. Onward Transfer
F. Data Retention
VIII. ADDITIONAL STATE, COUNTRY AND REGION-SPECIFIC PRIVACY TERMS
A. California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and California Consumer Rights Act (CPRA)
B. Legal Basis for Processing
C. California’s “Shine the Light” Law
D. Your Nevada Privacy Rights
E. Australian Members
F. International Transfer
G. Data Privacy Framework
IX. LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES
X. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
XI. CONTACT US IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS
A. Authorized Agents
B. Right to Contact a Data Protection Authority
XII. PREVIOUS POLICY
I. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The information Life360 collects depends on what Life360 Products or Services you use and how you use them.
Note that failure to provide necessary information when requested may result in you not being able to fully utilize our Products and/or Services.
A. Information You Give Us Directly
When you create or modify a Life360, Tile, or Jiobit account, update your preferences, purchase and/or activate a Product, contact us (including by social media or via our Help Center), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Life360’s Products and Services, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information
. Your username, email address, real name, nicknames, date of birth, telephone number, password, shipping and billing addresses, and Products activated. You may also choose to provide a photo to associate with your Life360 account, Tile, or Jiobit Products.
Circle Information.
When you create a Circle in your Life360 app and invite a friend or family member to join your Circle, we collect their name, email address, mobile phone number, and photo if one is provided.
Identity Verification.
In certain circumstances, for instance, depending on the features of our Products and Services you use or based on your age and country of residence, we may collect additional information to verify that a parent or guardian has consented to use of the Services by a child. This information may include information from or an image of government-issued ID, an image (for example, a selfie) which may be used with facial recognition technology. (Note: the digital age of consent may vary by jurisdiction and Life360 may adjust our parental consent process accordingly.) For more information, please click
here
.
Payment and Transaction Information.
When you place an order for a Product or upgrade to a premium subscription, you’ll need to provide an email address, a first and last name and/or a shipping address. Any payment information provided is processed by the relevant billing and/or payment processor. We may also collect information such as which version of the Product or subscription service you are using, the date and time that you activated your account, the duration of your subscription, the data related to any subscription cancellation request, and any in-app purchases you may make.
Optional Account Information.
We may collect information when you customize features within our Products (for example, labeling locations on your in-app map within Life360, using "Smart Alert" for a Tile device, or providing emergency information about the wearer of a Jiobit device, such as their, height, weight, gender, ethnicity, race, medications, allergies, and medical conditions including whether the individual is special needs and the category of such special needs, or pet breed in the case of an animal).
Contest Prize and Tax Information.
If you are the recipient of a contest or sweepstakes prize that requires tax reporting, we may collect identifiers associated with your government-issued documents (such as a social security number).
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Information you provide in response to surveys about our Products or Services, any information about your friends that you provide us through our referral services, information you provide when seeking help from us, such as your name, email address, telephone number, mailing address and records (including call recordings) and technical information related to the issues you experience.
B. Information We Collect When You Use or Interact with our Products and Services
We may collect other information when you use our Products and Services, such as:
Device Information.
Information about your device, hardware and software information, such as your mobile device identifiers, IP address, or browser information (including browser type and language preference).
Location and Movement Information.
We collect your location and motion information through your IP address, WiFi, Bluetooth, and GPS coordinates (e.g., latitude/longitude) available through your mobile device, motion information such as altitude, heading and speed.
Driving Event Information.
We may collect sensory and motion data from your mobile device, including gyroscope, accelerometer, compass, and Bluetooth (including information related to your motion activity, such as whether you are cycling, walking, running, or driving, and information about your speed, acceleration, and deceleration).
Messages and Member Content.
We collect information when you message other members of your Circle through use of our Services, when you provide Life360 with feedback, when you make a blog post, comment, or when you tag Life360, Tile, or Jiobit in a social media post, any photos or videos you send via the in-app messaging to other members of your Circles.
C. Information Provided to Us by Third Parties
We may receive information about you from other sources, including through third-party services that you connect to your Life360 account, or third-party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you. For example:
When you link your Tile account to a smart partner platform to enable interaction with our Products and Services through voice or other smart platform interactions or services (e.g. Google Assistant-enabled or Alexa-enabled devices), we may collect location information for all Tiles scanned by the smart partner device for members who have linked their account to the applicable platform.
When you choose to connect or interact with our Services through a third-party social networking service (“
Social Network
”), such as when you Like us on Facebook or post a comment to our Facebook page, we may collect information that you have already made public on your Social Network account.
We may use social plugins, widgets and other features (each, a “
Social Feature
”) that are made available by and/or access third-party Social Networks. These Social Features allow these Social Networks to place cookies on your browser and to collect certain information, which may be associated with your personal Social Network account such as your name, your Social Network user identification number, your Social Network username, location, gender, birth date, email, profile picture, and your contacts on the Social Network.
II. HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
When you visit our websites, use our apps, read our emails or otherwise engage with us, we may automatically collect certain information about your device through a variety of technologies, including cookies, web beacons, log files, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, or other tracking/recording tools (collectively, “
Tracking Technologies
”), and we may combine this information with other personal information we collect about you. We use these Tracking Technologies to collect usage and device information, such as:
Information about the computer, tablet, smartphone or other device you use, for example, your device’s IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type/model/manufacturer, operating system, phone number, mobile carrier, date and time stamp, a unique ID that allows us to uniquely identify your browser, mobile device or your account (including, for example, a UDID, IDFA, Google Ad ID, Windows Advertising ID or other persistent device identifier or Ad ID), battery life, whether the device is connected to WiFi, and other such information. With your permission, we may also access your photo or camera roll.
We also use Analytics, Advertising, and Anti-Fraud technologies in our Products and Services. These technologies may utilize the same Tracking Technologies or similar mechanisms as further described below.
A. Cookies and Similar Technologies
Cookies are pieces of code that allow for personalization of our website experience by saving your information such as user ID and other preferences – if your browser is set to accept cookies. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your device’s hard disk (such as your computer or smartphone) for record-keeping purposes.
Web beacons (also known as web bugs, pixel tags or clear GIFs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that may be included on our Services for several purposes, including to deliver or communicate with cookies, to track and measure the performance of our Services, to monitor how many visitors view our Services, and to monitor the effectiveness of our advertising. Unlike cookies, which are stored on the member’s device, web beacons are typically embedded invisibly on web pages (or in an e-mail).
For more information about the Cookies we use and how to manage their setting please click on “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” at the bottom of any of our web pages.
B. Analytics and Advertising Technologies
We may collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools such as Google Analytics, which may use Tracking Technologies, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for our websites, Products and Services. Some of the types of data that analytics technologies may capture are as follows:
referral/exit pages;
how frequently you access our Services;
whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails;
whether you access our Services from multiple devices;
the features you use;
the links you click;
the ads you view and click on;
purchase transaction information;
your location when you access or interact with our Products and Services;
technical related information about your computer or device and operating and/or network systems (such as IP Address and device ID);
performance data (such as app launch time, hang rate, or energy usage);
information about your engagement with certain features and usage statistics (including app launch taps and interaction information like video views); and
other similar actions.
In addition to the above, we may collect and share your personal information, including your unique identifiers or Advertising IDs and other data such as app events, with our Service Providers and Business Partners, third-party ad networks, and Social Networks, including without limitation, to inform and improve tailored advertising, attribution, analytics or research purposes.
These advertising partners may collect and use additional information such as:
click stream information; timestamp; hashed email address; device ID or AdID; and
information related to your use of third-party applications;
and may combine this information with information they collect directly through Tracking Technologies or that they receive from other third parties. These third-party partners may use the information they have gathered independently according to their own privacy policies.
You have the right to object to and opt out of certain third-party tracking and advertising. Where you have consented to Life360’s processing of your information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and opt out of certain processing activities, such as targeted marketing communications (this may not include opting out of seeing in-app advertisements). Even if you opt out, we may still collect and use information regarding your activities on our websites and/or information from the advertisements on third-party websites for non-interest-based advertising purposes, such as to determine the effectiveness of the advertisements. For more information on how to adjust your third-party tracking and advertising settings please see the following informational pages:
Opt-out of Life360 sharing data with third-parties for advertising purposes on our websites
;
Limit information sharing with third-party partners through in-App privacy settings
;
Interest-based advertising via a Web Browser
;
Mobile advertising
; and
Google Analytics and advertising
.
III. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We may use your information to provide, maintain, and improve our Products and Services to develop new products and features, to determine which new products or services may be of interest to you and to promote our Products and Services, and we may disclose your information to our Service Providers and Business Partners for these purposes.
We may also de-identify, anonymize, or aggregate the information we collect, or collect it in a way that does not directly identify you. We may use and share such information for our business purposes and as permitted by applicable law.
The specific purposes for our acquisition, retention, use, and processing of your information are described in this Section III (How We Use Your Information).
A. Administrative Purposes
We may use information about you for our administrative purposes, including to:
Provide the Products and Service to you;
Measure interest in Life360’s Products and Services;
Develop new products and Services;
Ensure the integrity, security and perform internal quality control and optimization of our Products and Service;
Verify individual identity;
Communicate about individual accounts and activities utilizing Life360’s Products, Services, and systems;
Make changes to any Life360 policies;
Send messages to the email address you provide to us to verify your Account;
For informational, transactional, marketing and operational purposes, such as Account management, customer service, or system maintenance;
To process payment for products or services purchased;
To process applications and transactions;
To prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities; and
To enforce our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy.
B. Marketing Life360 Products and Services
Life360 may use information, and Individuals who provide us with personal information may receive periodic emails, newsletters, mailings, or phone calls from us, as allowed by applicable law, for marketing purposes such as to:
Provide you with information related to Life360’s or our business partners’ products and services that may be of interest to you;
Notify you of upcoming special offers/events we believe may be of interest;
Conduct online behavioral advertising;
Tailor content, advertisements, and offers that may be of interest to you;
Introduce new content, features, Products or Services.; and
For other purposes disclosed at the time that you provide us your information; or otherwise with your consent.
C. Research and Development
We may use information to create non-directly identifiable information that we may use alone or in the aggregate with information obtained from other sources as set forth herein, in order to:
Conduct individual or market research;
Conduct research and drive marketing analytics;
Help us to optimally deliver our existing Products and Services;
To develop new Products and Services; and
For research and internal analysis.
For instance, from time to time, Life360 may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage third-party service providers to conduct such surveys on our behalf (all survey responses are voluntary). The survey responses may be utilized to:
Determine the effectiveness of our Products and Services,
Perform various types of communications, advertising campaigns, and/or promotional activities; and
Learn more about our members and potential members and their individual and collective needs.
If an individual participates in a survey, the information given may be used along with that of other study participants. We may share anonymous individual and aggregate data for research and analytics purposes.
D. Connecting with Social Media
When you choose to connect or interact with our Services through a Social Network, or if you use Social Features, the information provided to Life360 via those Social Networks or Social Features may be used to verify information that you have independently provided to Life360 and to enhance our ability to provide you with information about our business, products, and Services.
These Social Features are operated solely by the respective Social Networks, and their service providers, and we recommend that you carefully read their privacy policies before you decide to use them. We have no control over or access to the information collected, stored or used by such Social Networks, and the information practices of such Social Networks are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
E. Information Collected Automatically Through the use of Tracking Technology
We use information collected through the use of Tracking Technologies (e.g., cookies and web beacons) for our business purposes, or similar, including to:
Remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit our website or use our Services;
Authenticate your access;
Keep track of your in-app specified preferences or choices;
Display a personalized browsing history
Provide custom, personalized content and information, including targeted content and advertising;
Record your device’s location and movements;
Identify and contact you across multiple devices;
Provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Services and our marketing campaigns;
Monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, members, traffic, and demographic patterns;
Provide specific technical support (diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our members or engineers that are associated with certain IP addresses or User IDs;
Detect or prevent fraud or other harmful activities;
Automatically update our mobile application on your system and related devices; and
Otherwise plan for and enhance our Services.
IV. INFORMATION WE DISCLOSE TO THIRD PARTIES
We may disclose your information to select third parties as well as our subsidiaries as set forth herein.
We may also disclose this information within Life360, with our subsidiaries, and with third parties for our or their purposes in an anonymized or aggregated form.
A. Disclosing to Others in Your Life360 Circles, or Friends
You may choose to disclose your personal information to other members of your Life360 Circles (Tiles may be shared with third parties who are not a member of your Circles upon your request, via the in-App “Unlimited Sharing” setting, which may be modified by you at any time), including your:
Full name;
Email address;
precise location;
driving event data;
information about your use of our Service with members of your Circles (e.g., whether you have logged in on a new device); and
Tiles.
In addition, other members of your Circles may disclose your personal information in certain circumstances, such as:
if a member of your Circle enables voice actions on Google Assistant-enabled or Alexa-enabled devices, your personal information (including name, Tile name, and last place seen for each Tile) may be displayed to your Circle members on screen or via audio response on any device with the voice action enabled.
To prohibit this data disclosure, you must ask your Circle member to disconnect his or her account from the voice action-enabled devices, or you can leave the Circle shared with that member.
B. Information Posted to our Blogs, Community Forums or Other Public Websites
Any information or content that you voluntarily submit, or post to the Life360 or Tile websites or blogs, community forums, or comments you post to our Facebook page (or other social media pages) will automatically be available to the public. We may publicly post your reviews and comments online on our website or mobile app or link your reviews to third-party websites.
We are not responsible for any information you choose to provide on social media pages, or for any content or communications you receive as a result of sharing such information.
To request removal of your information from our website or blogs, please contact us at
social@thetileapp.com
.
C. Service Providers, Business Partners, and Advisors
We may disclose your personal information to our vendors and consultants who help us provide our Services or who perform services on our behalf, such as accounting, managerial, technical, email or chat services, marketing or analytic services, fraud prevention, bot detection, web hosting, and to other third-party partners or Service Providers to provide services or features to our members on our behalf or on behalf of our permitted business partners.
We may disclose personal information, including contact information and location and movement data, mobile device information (such as information generated by the gyroscope and accelerometer in your device), application analytics (including IP address and device identifiers), technical and analytical data, and driving event data with third-party partners that provide certain features and services you elect to use through or in connection with our Products or Service, to the extent that they are available in your country or region of residence. Some examples are as follows:
Crash Detection and Emergency Dispatch Services
;
Roadside assistance
;
Identity theft protection
; and
Driving analytics services
.
If you would like more detailed information about the information we have, shared, sold, or disclosed, please refer to our
Service Provider and Third-Party Processing Chart
which provides more information about the entities to whom we may disclose your information. This list includes the following information: (i) the name of the third-party service provider or business partner, (ii) the name of the privacy officer, contact information and a link to the third party’s privacy policy, (iii) the purpose of the disclosure and how the information may be used by such entity, (ii) the categories or specific items of information disclosed, (iii) the country to which the information will be transferred or stored, (iv) the timing and method of transfer of information, (v) the legal basis for such sharing, and (v) the amount of time the information maywill be retained by such third parties.
We will never disclose your telephone number (in a non-obfuscated format) with any of our third-party business partners, vendors, or consultants for their independent SMS marketing purposes without your explicit, affirmative opt-in consent.
D. Purchasers and Other Third Parties in Connection with a Business Transaction
We may at any time buy or sell/divest the company, or any portion or combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses. Personal information such as member names and email addresses, and other member information related to our Services will likely be one of the items transferred in these types of transactions. We may disclose, transfer or assign such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions, or similar transactions or proceedings.
E. Law Enforcement, Regulators, and Other Parties for Legal Reasons
We may disclose personal information to third parties (including but not limited to, law enforcement, other government entities, or civil litigants) when required to do so by law or subpoena, or if we determine (in our sole discretion) that disclosure is necessary to: (a) conform to the law, comply with legal process, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) to enforce our
Terms of Service
, this Privacy Policy, to take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any claims or allegations, or to protect the security or integrity of our site; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Life360, our employees, members or others.
F. De-Identified Information
Some third parties provide important services to us as our service providers and have rights to commercialize solely aggregated data for certain purposes, as set forth in our
Service Provider and Third-Party Processing Chart
.
We may share with third parties, including advertisers, Business Partners, and Service Providers, anonymized, aggregated and/or anonymous data we collect about you and other members, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, and information about the computer or device from which you access our Services, or the results of hashing your email address.
V. YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
We believe in transparency and providing you with the opportunity to make important decisions about how your information is used, processed, stored and shared as outlined in this Section V (Your Choices about Your Information).
A. Modifying, Correcting, Reviewing, and Deleting Your Information
You may modify your account information, update or amend your personal information (e.g. name, email address, or phone number), or change your password by logging in to your App, clicking on “Settings” and then “Account” (for Life360) or “Manage Account” (for Tile or Jiobit Apps).
You may review the information we collect or disclose about you, the categories of sources of such information, the business or commercial purpose for collecting your information, and the categories of third parties with whom we disclose personal information, or request that your information be deleted by submitting a request as described below. Please note that the information provided via the in-App links described in this section does not include technical information or support records. If you would like to request information related to your support records, please contact us directly at
privacy@life360.com
).
In the Life360 app, you may:
Exercise your right to Opt In or Opt Out of App-based personal information sales or sharing by clicking on the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in your in-App Privacy & Security settings and adjusting the personal information sales toggle.
Note: This setting is automatically toggled “OFF” for members outside of the United States, Canada, Mexico, Puerto Rico and Australia, for those members who have clicked on “Ask App Not to Track” upon installation of the Life360 app on their iOS device and for members who have provided date of birth and are under the age of consent.
Request a copy or deletion of your personal information under the “Additional Data Rights” page, then, select “Request Your Personal Information” or “Delete Your Account” to submit your request. We will process your request and send a confirmation email.
In the Tile and Jiobit apps, you may:
Request deletion of your personal information through the Tile app by clicking on “Settings”, then “Manage Account”, and finally by clicking on “Delete Account” and following the on-screen instructions.
Request deletion of your personal information through the Jiobit app by clicking on “Menu”, then “Account”, then “Manage Account, and finally by clicking on “Delete My Data” and following the on-screen instructions.
To exercise your other rights related to the Tile or Jiobit Products and Services please contact us as further described below with your detailed request.
You may also request the closure and deletion of your account by contacting us at
privacy@life360.com
with your deletion request. Please include your full name, email address associated with your Account, the service you are using, and a detailed description of your deletion request.
Note:
prior to deletion of your Tile account, you may transfer your Tiles to another Tile customer by following the instructions found in our support pages covering the
Transfer of a Tile
. Tiles may only be transferred from or to active accounts.
For Tile customers: If you delete your account or other personal information, the location information associated with active Tile Products may still be collected anonymously from other Tile Community members who are running the app and are within Bluetooth range of your device. To completely disable this type of information collection we recommend you transfer the Tiles prior to account or data deletion, remove the battery from or disable your Products.
B. Communications from Life360
We may periodically send you promotional newsletters and emails. You have the ability to opt-out of these by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the emails you receive. Certain communications, like billing information and Service updates are necessary for you to receive, you will not be able to opt-out of those communications. For more information about the types of communications Life360 may send, and for detailed instructions on how to opt-out please see the following:
Email and Telephone Communications
;
Mobile Devices and In-App Messaging
; and
“Do Not Track”, Cookies and Web Beacons
.
C. Location and Movement Data Collection and Sharing in the Life360 App
As described in Section 2, we collect precise location data, driving event, and movement data from your device to provide the Life360 Services, and may share your personal information, including location and movement data, with other Life360 members in Circles you belong to, and with third parties for crash detection, research, analytics, attribution, and tailored advertising purposes. You have many options to control this data collection and sharing activity through the App Settings. For more information on how to control these settings please see the following:
Limit Location Sharing with Your Circle(s)
;
Limit Drive Detection
; and
Disconnect Location Data and Movement Data in Device Settings
.
If you no longer want to continue using the Products and/or Services, uninstalling the Life360, Tile, or Jiobit app (as applicable), removing the battery from or disabling the Products, and logging out from our Service will also stop us from collecting your location.
D. Web-Based Personal Information Sales
You may also exercise your Opt-In and Opt-Out rights related to web-based personal information sales or sharing via all of our websites, please click the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in the footer of the website and adjust the toggles as applicable.
Please note these settings must be completed for each browser on each device you use and for each of our websites (
Life360.com
,
Tile.com,
and
Jio.com
) separately, and will not affect App-based settings. If you clear your cookies or your browser is set to do so, you will have to exercise the choice again.
VI. OUR POLICY TOWARDS CHILDREN
Life360 takes special precautions to protect the privacy of our younger members. Life360 does not knowingly collect personal information from children who do not meet applicable minimum age requirements without verifiable consent of a parent or guardian, and our Services are only intended to be used by children with significant parental or guardian involvement and approval.
If Life360 learns that we have inadvertently collected personal information of a child without parental consent as required by law, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child has a registered account with our Services or is using our Products without your consent, please alert us immediately by emailing
privacy@life360.com
.
By enabling your child to create a member account and/or permitting your child to use the Products or Services, you expressly agree to the practices described in this Privacy Policy and you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your child’s personal information as described herein.
A. Setting up a Child Account
If a parent wishes to add a member who is a child to our Services, we request the parent provide verifiable consent, through one of several methods, such as by verifying the parent’s driver’s license during sign up, or by submitting a parental consent form (available
here
) via mail or email. The child will then be able to participate in most aspects of the Life360 Services. In some instances, our Products are intended to be worn and used by children and pets. By providing the Products to a child, you represent and warrant to Life360 that you consent to such child’s use of our Products and Services and further consent as a parent to enable and permit Life360’s collection and use of the information from the Products and Services used by the child as stated in this Privacy Policy and the
Terms of Service
.
B. Personal Information we Collect about Children
We take special precautions to collect only as much information as is reasonably necessary for the child to use our Products and Services.
C. Information sharing about Children
Life360 may disclose a child’s personal information to our third-party vendors, Service Providers, and business partners as described in this Privacy Policy. We do not share or sell personal information of members we know to be children. Profile and location information for children using the Service may be shared with other members of any Circle the child joins. Please note the child may exchange messages with those Circle members.
You are responsible for monitoring your child’s account and location-sharing activity through our Products and Services and for blocking or permitting location-sharing features.
D. Contact Us Regarding your Child’s Account or Information
The parent or legal guardian has a right to request to review or have deleted the child’s personal information and may withdraw consent for our Products and Services to collect any further personal information from the child. Please contact us at
privacy@life360.com
to request to review and/or delete any personal information we may have collected from the child, or to withdraw permission for Life360 to collect any additional information from the child. We will require the parent or guardian to provide us with sufficient identification before providing access to, or acting upon, such personal information.
VII. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
Life360 cares about the security of your information. The actions we take to protect your personal information are described below.
A. Security
We have implemented appropriate standards to reduce the risk of unauthorized or unlawful access of your personal information. No security system is impenetrable and we cannot absolutely guarantee the security of our systems and your information.
We will never send you unsolicited messages or contact you by phone to request sensitive information, such as your account ID, password, payment, or national ID numbers. Please note that e-mails and other communications you send to us are not encrypted, and we strongly advise you not to share any sensitive information through these means.
If any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify any impacted individuals and take steps in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
B. Accuracy and Confidentiality of Your Email Address and Password
You are responsible for the secrecy of your password and ensuring the email address associated with your account(s) is accurate. We use your email address to contact you about service updates, changes to our policies, and account activities such as requests for your information. We recommend using a strong password unique to this service. If you believe your account has been compromised, change your password immediately via the applicable app or website.
Life360 is not responsible for information or data transmitted to a third party as a result of a member providing an incorrect phone number or email address.
C. Jiobit Device Security
Jiobit devices use unique hardware to deliver unmatched security and encryption. Our devices include a dedicated security chip required to communicate with our secure servers and are intrusion resistant. Unlike most other connected devices, it cannot be reprogrammed - part of the circuit board is physically burned away during manufacturing. Jiobit location data is encrypted at rest and while in transit.
D. Fraud Prevention
To prevent the misuse of our Services by bots or other nefarious means, we use anti-bot services to ensure the integrity of our service, for more information click
here
.
E. Onward Transfer
With respect to onward transfers to third-party agents acting on our behalf, Life360 remains responsible should its agents process information in a manner inconsistent with the Data Privacy Framework Principles or other applicable laws. We may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
F. Data Retention
Life360 retains the information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Products or Services or as otherwise necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, to resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business interests, enforce our agreements, and to comply with applicable laws. The purposes for which we process information may dictate different retention periods for the same types of information.
VIII. ADDITIONAL STATE, COUNTRY, AND REGION-SPECIFIC PRIVACY TERMS
A. California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and California Consumer Rights Act (CPRA)
California residents can make certain requests about their personal information under the CCPA. Specifically, if you are a California resident, you have the right to request any or all of the following information relating to your personal information we have collected and used in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity:
provide you with the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you and information about: the categories of personal information we have collected about you; the categories of sources of the personal information; the categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information was disclosed; the categories of personal information we have sold or shared and the categories of third parties to whom the information was sold or shared; and the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling/sharing the personal information.
You also have the following rights with regards to your personal information as further described in our
Notice of Collection
:
the right to opt-out of personal information sales and shares for cross-context behavioral advertising;
the right to limit our use of your sensitive personal information;
the right to correct inaccurate personal information about you;
the right to delete certain information we have about you;
the right for us to provide you with information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any; and
the right to not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising these rights.
Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services. We may need certain information in order to provide our Services to you; if you ask us to delete it, you will no longer be able to use our Services.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
Depending on your use of our Services, the following categories of personal information may have been collected in the preceding 12 months (as these processing activities are defined under applicable privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act “
CCPA
” and the California Privacy Rights Act “
CPRA
”):
Identifiers;
such as a real name, user name, account name, account information, ID verification information, telephone number, email address, online identifiers, device identifiers, IP address, mobile device identifiers, shipping address;
Purchase information;
such as payment card number, payment account details, billing address, and other payment information;
Characteristics of Protected Classifications under state or federal law;
such as age, gender, ethnicity, and race;
Commercial Information;
such as products or services interaction, motion, and fitness information, and purchase history;
Internet or Electronic Network Activity information;
such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding interactions with our Products and Services, websites, mobile apps, and/or advertisements;
Geolocation Information;
such as location data derived from IP address or device settings;
Inferences;
such as consumer preferences drawn from the above.
California Consumer Information Sold or Shared in the Last 12-Months
In the previous 12 months, if you were a Life360 member (excluding information related to our Tile and Jiobit Products) we have sold or shared the following categories of personal information to third-party partners and advertising partners for targeted marketing, attribution, analytics, and research purposes (subject to your settings and opt-outs): Identifiers, Internet/Network information, Geolocation, Inferences, and Other personal information, including driving event and movement data. These third-party businesses may use such information for their own purposes in accordance with their own privacy statements, which may include reselling this information to additional third parties, including other advertising networks.
Other Ways to Exercise Your California Rights
Alternatively, you may submit a request to exercise your California privacy rights via email by contacting us at
privacy@life360.com
and including your account name and mobile telephone number as well as the consumer right you would like to exercise. To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps such as verifying your email address and specific information to verify your identity and request. For faster response times, we recommend members submit all requests through the in-App Privacy & Security Settings.
B. Legal Basis for Processing
Our legal basis for processing your personal information varies depending on the type of information we collect and the context in which we collect it as well as our records of your country of residence. Depending on where you reside, we may rely on different legal bases to process your information.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area or of a jurisdiction where similar legal requirements may apply such as Brazil, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom, we rely on a number of legal bases to process information about you. We will process information about you where we have your consent, where we have a legitimate interest to do so, where the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, and/or where we have a legal obligation to process your information. For example, we typically rely on:
necessity to meet an actual contractual obligation when you create a Life360, Tile, or Jiobit account to enable us to provide you with our Products and Services.
consent when placing cookies on your device on the web (through our cookie consent manager), to send you email marketing, or to deliverthird-partyy targeted advertising to you related to our Products and Services;
our legitimate interests to process your information when providing you with customer service support, to serve targeted marketing of our Products and Services, for fraud prevention and security purposes;
to fulfill our contractual obligations; and
necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
C. California’s “Shine the Light” Law
California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) provides certain rights to California residents that have an established business relationship with us with regard to the disclosure of certain types of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To opt-out of having your personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please click the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link available in the in-App Privacy & Security Settings and adjust the Personal Information Sales toggle.
D. Your Nevada Privacy Rights
Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt-out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. To exercise your Nevada opt-out rights: you may click on the "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" link in your in-App Privacy & Security Settings and adjust the Personal Information Sales toggle. Alternately, you may send an email to
privacy@life360.com
with the subject line “Nevada Privacy Rights” and include your account name and mobile telephone number. We may need to contact you to request additional information to verify your request. For faster response times, we recommend members submit all requests through the in-App Privacy & Security Settings.
E. Australian Members
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
In Australia, we will only use and disclose your personal information for the purposes of marketing Life360 Products and Services or the services of third-party organizations where you have consented to us doing so, or as otherwise permitted by law.
Security Liability for Australian Members
Except to the extent liability cannot be excluded due to the operation of statute, we exclude all liability (including in negligence) for the consequences of any unauthorized access to, disclosure of, misuse of, or loss or corruption of your personal information. Nothing in this Privacy Policy restricts, excludes or modifies, or purports to restrict, exclude or modify any statutory consumer rights under any applicable law including the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth).
F. International Transfer
You agree that all information collected via or by Life360 may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates or the servers of our service providers. Your information may be accessible to law enforcement or other authorities pursuant to a lawful request. By providing information to Life360, you explicitly consent to the storage of your information in these locations, this may mean that your personal information will be stored in a jurisdiction that offers a level of protection that may, in certain instances, be less protective of your personal information than the jurisdiction you are typically resident in. We will implement appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy, including: (i) ensuring that we use your personal information in accordance with standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission for transfers of personal data to recipients outside the EEA and UK; and (ii) ensuring that any recipients of your personal information commit to the same standards. If you wish to enquire further about the safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out at the end of this privacy notice.
Except in some cases where we may rely on an exception under the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), we will take reasonable steps to ensure that such overseas recipients do not breach the Australian Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) in relation to such information.
G. Data Privacy Framework
Life360 complies with the requirements of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
EU-U.S. DPF
”) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF
”) (collectively “
DPF
”), as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the Federal Trade Commission (“
FTC
”), regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”) and the United Kingdom (“UK”) and Switzerland to the United States. We have certified to the Department of Commerce that we adhere to the DPF Principles and Supplemental Principles with respect to personal information transferred to us in reliance on the DPF. To the extent that the DPF applies to your information, if there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. We are subject to the investigatory powers of the FTC with respect to our DPF compliance. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view Life360 or Tile’s certifications, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/. Life360 may also protect information through other legally valid methods, including international data transfer agreements.
If you are an EEA or UK or Swiss citizen you may be able to exercise certain choices under the DPF regarding how some of your personal data is used and disclosed, and may access, correct or delete certain personal data by following the instructions in Section V of this Privacy Policy.
When we receive personal information under the DPF and then transfer it to a third-party service provider acting as our agent on our behalf, we may have certain responsibility under the DPF if both (a) the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF and (b) we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
If you are an EEA or UK or Swiss citizen and feel that Life360 is not abiding by the terms of this Privacy Policy, or is not in compliance with the DPF Principles, please contact Life360 at the contact information provided below.
If we are unable to resolve your concerns, Life360 has agreed, in compliance with DPF, to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance to DPF to JAMS
, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
If any request remains unresolved, you may contact the national data protection authority for your jurisdiction of residence. In certain conditions, if your DPF complaint has not been resolved after raising it with us following the JAMS procedure above and taking certain other steps, complaints may be resolved through binding arbitration, as described in Annex I of the DPF, available here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
.
IX. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES AND SERVICES
Our Services may contain links to websites and services that are owned or operated by third parties. Any information that you provide on or to a third-party service, or that is collected by a third-party service, is provided directly to the owner or operator of the third-party service and is subject to the owner’s or operator’s privacy policy. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Life360, Tile, or Jiobit Services to another website or app, or engage with a third-party service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction, on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies, and Life360 is not responsible for the practices employed by those apps, websites, or services, nor the information or content contained therein.
X. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it frequently. If we are required by applicable data protection laws to give you enhanced notice or seek out consent to any such changes, we will do so. Otherwise, changes to this policy will be effective when posted.
If you object to any of the changes to this Privacy Policy, you must cease using our Products and/or Services, and may request us to erase your personal information. Any information that is collected through your use of our Products or Services is covered by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
XI. CONTACT US IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, this Privacy Policy, our Products, or Services, please contact us at
privacy@life360.com
or by postal mail:
Life360, Inc.
ATTN: Privacy
1900 S. Norfolk Street, #310
San Mateo, CA 94403
United States
A. Authorized Agents
You may authorize another person (your “
agent
”) to contact us on your behalf. Authorized agents must submit the request via email to
privacy@life360.com
and include a signed letter from the Life360 member confirming the agent has permission to submit the request on the member’s behalf. In certain circumstances, we may need to request additional information to verify the identity of the member about whom the request is being made and/or to verify that the member has provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request, and it may take additional time to fulfill agent-submitted requests. Please note that for privacy and security reasons, we will direct future communications to the Life360 member on whose behalf the request was made. We may deny a request in the event we are not able to verify the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
B. Right to Contact a Data Protection Authority
You also have the right to contact your local Data Protection Authority if you prefer. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission ("
FTC
"), and contact details for the EU Data Protection Authorities are available at
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
.
XII. PREVIOUS POLICY
Previous Privacy Policy
Korean Personal Data Processing Policy (Privacy Policy) Addendum
Return to top
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Opt-Out
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
Do Not Sell My Personal Info
Life360 is in the business of helping you find what matters. In order to give you the best experience, we use advertising technologies like pixels to help deliver relevant messages to you about our products and services, as well as to help us measure the effectiveness of those messages. In some instances, our advertising partners may glean information about things like your visit to our website and/or purchases you’ve made. Under California law, this is included in the definition of “sale” and thus triggers the requirement for this “do not sell” disclosure.
You can opt-out of sharing this information by toggling the tracking cookies below. If you are a Life360 customer and want to opt-out of all targeted advertising, please send an email to privacy@life360.com. If you are a Tile customer and want to opt-out of all targeted advertising, please send an email to terms@thetileapp.com. Please note that cookie settings are device and browser-specific, you will need to toggle the cookie settings on all of your devices and browsers. If you opt-out, note that you may still see Tile ads, but they won’t be tailored to your interests.
Cookie Settings
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience.
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Privacy Policy
Continue
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
All Other Cookies
Functional Cookies
Switch Label
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
Switch Label
We do not serve third-party ads on its sites or services - targeted or otherwise. We do use cookies to help provide you with information and advertising about our products that we think will be useful to you. By using the toggles below, you may opt-out of cookie-based marketing efforts.

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 4
https://life360-legal.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/16043863567127:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
We and our 10 IAB TCF partners store and access information on your device for the following purposes: store and/or access information on a device, advertising and content measurement, audience research, and services development, personalised advertising, and personalised content.
Personal data may be processed to do the following: use precise geolocation data and actively scan device characteristics for identification.
Our third party IAB TCF partners may store and access information on your device such as IP address and device characteristics. Our IAB TCF Partners may process this personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, or with your consent. You may change or withdraw your preferences at any time by clicking on the cookie icon or link; however, as a consequence, you may not see relevant ads or personalized content.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy
Storage Preferences
Third Parties
Storage
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Skip to main content
Home
Terms and Policies
Terms and Policies
Articles in this section
Life360 Privacy Policy
Life360 Terms of Service
Notice At Collection
Life360 Law Enforcement Guidelines
Life360 Product and Services Terms
Korean Personal Data Processing Policy (Privacy Policy) Addendum - 한국 개인 데이터 처리정책(개인정보 보호정책) 부록
Information Regarding EU/EEA/UK Consumers’ Right of Withdrawal
See all
한국 이용자를 위한 개인정보 처리방침 부록
게시일: 2024년 12월 6일
한국 이용자들을 위한 개인정보 처리방침 부록(“본 부록”)은 현지 개인정보 보호법에서 요구하는 추가적인 내용을 고지합니다. 본 부록은 한국에 거주하는 이용자의 개인정보에 관한 Life360의 처리 내역을 명시하고 있으며 자세한 내용은
Life360 개인정보 처리방침을
참조하시기 바랍니다. 다만, 한국 이용자의 개인정보와 관련하여 개인정보 처리방침과 본 부록이 상충하는 경우 본 부록의 조항이 우선합니다.
개인정보의수집및이용
목적
이용자의 개인정보는 Life360 서비스의 제공, 개발, 개선을 위하여, 이용자가 다른 이용자와 연결될 수 있도록 하기 위하여, 불법 및 부정행위를 방지하기 위하여 수집 및 이용됩니다.
항목
회원가입 과정에서 다음과 같은 개인정보가 수집될 수 있습니다
:
이용자명, 성명, 이메일 주소, 휴대폰 번호
이용자의 서비스 이용 방식에 따라 다음과 같은 개인정보가 수집될 수 있습니다
:
사진, 가족의 이름, 이메일 주소, 핸드폰 번호, 결제 정보, 배송 정보(Tile의 실물 제품을 구매하는 경우), 인구통계학정보, 생년월일, 위치정보, 드라이빙 이벤트 정보, 메시지 및 이용자 콘텐츠, SNS 정보, 본인확인정보, 고객 상담 기록(이메일 또는 통화내용), 무선 액세스 포인트 비밀번호, 애완동물의 종
자동수집장치에 의해 다음과 같은 정보가 자동으로 수집될 수 있습니다
:
쿠키, 서비스 이용기록(예를 들어 Life360에서 어떤 기능을 사용하였는지, 어떤 위치에서 접속하였는지, 어떤 링크를 통해 접속하였는지 등), 디바이스 정보, 분석 정보
보유기간
당사는 개인정보의 수집 및 이용 목적 달성 시까지 또는 관련 법령에 의해 허용되거나 요구되는 때까지 개인정보를 보유합니다.
개인정보
저장방법
귀하에게 당사의 서비스를 제공하기 위해 당사는 귀하의 개인정보를 한국 이외 지역인 미국에 위치한 당사의 해외 서버에 저장합니다.
개인정보
이전
국가
:
미국
개인정보
이용
목적
:
개인정보 처리방침 제
1조(귀하의 개인정보 수집 및 이용 방법)
참조
이전
일자
및
방법
:
저장 및 처리를 위한 제출 시 이전
이전대상
개인정보
:
개인정보 처리방침 제
1조(귀하의 개인정보 수집 및 사용 방법)
참조
보유
및
이용기간
:
개인정보 처리방침 제
2부—EEA 및 스위스 내 이용자에 대한 개인정보 처리방침 제6조(귀하의 개인정보 저장 및 이전)
참조. 해당 조항은 모든 개인정보의 해외 이전에 적용됨
개인정보의제3자제공
이용자가 동의한 경우, 당사는 이용자의 성명, 이메일 주소, 정확한 위치 정보, 드라이빙 이벤트 정보 등 개인정보를 이용자의 가족 및 서클 멤버들과 공유합니다.
당사는 당사의 자회사 Tile Inc.와도 아래와 같이 개인정보를 공유합니다.
개인정보를
이전
받는
자
(
서비스
제공자
또는
관계사
)
개인정보
보호책임자
연락처
개인정보를
이전받는
자의
개인정보
이용목적
이전되는
개인정보
항목
개인정보가
이전되는
국가
이전
시기
및
방법
개인정보를
이전받는
자의
개인정보
보유
및
이용
기간
관계사
-
Tile, Inc.
(Life360의 완전자회사)
Susan Stick
privacy@tile.com
Tile은 Life360의 완전자회사로서 하드웨어 기기를 생산 및 판매하는 회사이며 해당 기기는 Life360 앱과 연결될 수 있음; Tile은 개인정보를 내부 분석 목적을 위하여 이용함
IP 주소, 웹 브라우징, 참조 URL, 검색 항목, 쿠키 정보/태그/비콘, 온라인 구매, 정확한 위치정보, 기타 사용정보, 오프라인 활동 정보, 수동 처리정보, 건강/의료 정보, 성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소, 이용자명, 패스워드, 인구통계학 정보, 관심분야, 나이/생년월일, 신용카드번호, MAC 주소, 기타 고유 ID, 기기정보, 진단정보, 연락처, 기타 이용자 생성 콘텐츠, 프리 텍스트 필드, 마이너 정보(Minor Data), 금융정보, 범죄행위정보, IP 정보
미국
Tile은 Life360의 자회사이며 백엔드 시스템은 Tile 및 Life360 직원 모두 접근할 수 있으므로, 개인정보는 Tile과 지속적으로 공유됨
귀하의 개인정보는 귀하가 Life360 및/또는 Tile 제품을 이용하는 동안 보유됨
이 외, Life360은 한국 이용자의 개인정보를 독립적인 사용 목적을 가진 제3자에 제공하지 않으며 향후에도 그러할 것입니다.
4.
개인정보처리업무의위탁
특정 제3자 서비스 제공자는 Life360을 위하여 일부 기능을 수행할 수 있으며 해당 기능을 수행하기 위해 아래와 같이 필요한 귀하의 개인정보에 접근할 수 있습니다.
개인정보를
이전
받는
자
(
서비스
제공자
또는
관계사
)
개인정보
보호책임자
연락처
개인정보를
이전받는
자의
개인정보
이용목적
이전되는
개인정보
항목
개인정보가
이전되는
국가
이전
시기
및
방법
개인정보를
이전받는
자의
개인정보
보유
및
이용
기간
서비스
제공자
24/7 Intouch
Megan Bernett
privacy@24-7intouch.com
24-7 Intouch는 당사의 고객연락센터 업무를 위탁 받음
IP 주소, 웹 브라우징, 참조 URL, 검색 항목, 쿠키 정보/태그/비콘, 온라인 구매, 정확한 위치정보, 기타 사용정보, 오프라인 활동 정보, 수동 처리정보, 건강/의료 정보, 성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소, 이용자명, 패스워드, 인구통계학 정보, 관심분야, 나이/생년월일, 신용카드번호 마지막 4자리, 금융계좌번호, 위치 정보, DL 번호, 기타 정부 발행 ID, MAC 주소, 고유 ID, 기기 정보, 진단 정보, 연락처, 사진, 음성 녹음, 영상, 기타 이용자 생성 콘텐츠, 프리 텍스트 필드(Free Text Fields), 마이너 정보(Minor Data), IP 정보, 신체/정신 건강 정보 (신체 활동)
미국
필요한 경우 안전한 웹 포털을 통해 정보에 접근함
통화기록은 90일 이후 삭제됨
기타 정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Ada Support, Inc.
Ada Privacy Officer
privacy@ada.support
Ada Support는 Life360 및 Tile 고객에게 고객 지원 및 안내 서비스를 제공하는 인공 지능 기반 챗봇을 제공함
IP 주소, 참조 URL, 쿠키 정보/태그/비콘, 온라인 구매, 기타 사용 정보, 성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 우편 주소, 금융정보, 위치정보, 프리 텍스트 필드
미국 및 캐나다
정보는 지속적으로 또는 관련 거래가 처리될 때 Life360 시스템과 연동됨에 따라 이전됨
정보는 귀하가 Life360 및/또는 Tile 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Amplitude
Rebecca Ballew
privacy@amplitude.com
;
ccpa@amplitude.com
행동분석 및 동향을 제공하기 위해 사용되는 주요 이벤트 도구
IP 주소, 웹 브라우징, 참조 URL, 검색 항목, 쿠키 정보/태그/비콘, 온라인 구매, 기타 사용 정보, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 이용자명, 관심분야, 위치정보, 기타 고유 ID, 진단정보, 마이너 정보(Minor Data)
미국
정보는 지속적으로 또는 거래가 처리됨에 따라 애플리케이션 프로그래밍 인터페이스에 의해 이전됨
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Apple App Store Connect
, 및
Apple Search Ads
Katherine Adams
https://www.apple.com/privacy/contact/
iOS 앱 스토어에 등재될 iOS 앱용 호스팅 플랫폼에서 당사의 스토어 등재(store listing), 창조적(creative) 자산, 스토어 등재 사본(store listing copy)을 관리함
앱 마켓 방문, 앱 마켓 클릭, 설치, 제거, 평점/리뷰에 대한 정보 및 기타 사용 정보
미국
정보는 지속적으로 또는 관련 거래가 처리될 때 Life360 시스템과 연동됨에 따라 이전됨
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
AppsFlyer
Eitan Martin
privacy@appsflyer.com
AppsFlyer는 모바일 측정 파트너(MMP)로서 앱 설치, 이용자를 추적하고 설치를 적절한 캠페인/미디어 소스에 귀속시키는 분석 플랫폼임. 또한 Life360 앱 내에서 설치 후 이용자 행동을 추적함
IP 주소, 웹 브라우징, 참조 URL, 검색 항목, 온라인 구매, 위치 정보, MAC 주소, 기타 고유 ID
미국
정보는 지속적으로 또는 관련 거래가 처리될 때 Life360 시스템과 연동됨에 따라 이전됨
정보는 1년 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Atlassian
Kelly Gertridge
privacy@atlassian.com
Atlassian의 JIRA 및 Confluence 제품은 버그 추적 및 프로젝트 관리를 위해 사용됨
정확한 위치정보, 수동처리 정보, 성명, 이메일 주소, 이용자명, 위치정보, 기타 고유ID
미국
필요한 경우 정보는 수동으로 입력됨.
정보는 귀하가 Life360 및/또는 Tile 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
AWS (Amazon)
David A. Zapolsky
https://aws.amazon.com/contact-us/?nc1=f_m
동향 분석 제공 (정보 분석, 영업, 마케팅, 제품, 운영(제조/주문이행), 펌웨어)- 마케팅을 위한 내부 및 Google 분석
IP 주소, 정확한 위치정보, 기타 이용자 정보, 성명, 이메일 주소, 이용자명, 기타 고유 ID, 기기 정보
미국
정보는 지속적으로 또는 거래가 처리됨에 따라 애플리케이션 프로그래밍 인터페이스에 의해 이전됨
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Braze
Alex Tindale
privacy@braze.com
Braze는 Life360 브랜드에 참여하는 이용자에 대한 정보를 가져와 이용자 정보를 기반으로 마케팅 커뮤니케이션을 개발할 수 있도록 하는 CRM 도구임. LCM은 Braze에 저장된 이용자 정보를 바탕으로 캠페인/캔버스를 개발하여 궁극적으로 브랜드에 대한 참여를 유도하고자 함. Braze내에는 당사가 소유하고 운용하는 채널이 플랫폼에 상주(living in the platform)하고 있으며 해당 채널은 푸시 알림, 이메일 및 앱내 메시징을 포함함
IP 주소, 웹 브라우징, 참조 URL, 온라인 구매, 정확한 위치 정보, 기타 사용정보, 수동처리 정보, 성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소, 이용자명, 인구통계학 정보, 관심분야, 나이/생년월일, 위치정보, 기타 고유 ID, 기기 정보, 기타 이용자 생성 콘텐츠, 마이너 정보(Minor Data)
미국
정보는 지속적으로 또는 거래가 처리됨에 따라 애플리케이션 프로그래밍 인터페이스에 의해 이전됨
정보는 Braze가 Life360에 대한 자신의 계약상 의무를 지원하기 위해 필요한 기간 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Chargebee
Denis Curran
privacy@chargebee.com
Chargebee는 결제 처리 및 구독을 위한 고객정보 보유에 사용됨.
온라인 구매, 성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소, 이용자명, 신용카드 번호, 금융정보
미국
정보는 거래가 처리된 경우 웹사이트에 연동됨에 따라 이전됨
정보는 귀하가 Tile 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Data ai
(AppAnnie)
David Fuller
privacy@data.ai
Life360이 모바일 및 디지털 성능을 이해, 벤치마킹 및 최적화하는데 도움이 되는 비교 앱 분석을 위한 플랫폼.
비교 분석 정보
미국
정보는 처리 이행을 위해 필요한 경우 연동을 통해 이전됨
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Databricks
Cheryl Allieri
privacy@databricks.com
Databricks 기본 정보베이스는 Tile의 정보 웨어하우스(warehouse)내 대다수 테이블을 포함함. 이러한 테이블은 분석, 마케팅, 재무, 설계, 운영, 그리고 제품 목적을 위해 이용되며 Tile dl용자, 기기 및 서비스에 대한 정보를 포함하나 이에 국한되지 않음. 기본 정보(underlying data)는 AWS S3 bucket에 저장되고 Databricks를 통해 접근할 수 있음
온라인 구매, 기타 이용자 정보, 성명, 이메일 정보, 전화번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소, 위치정보, 기타 고유ID, 프리 텍스트 필드
미국
정보는 처리 이행을 위해 필요한 경우 연동을 통해 이전됨
정보는 Databricks가 Life360에 대한 자신의 계약상 의무를 지원하기 위해 필요한 기간 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Google: Ads,
태그
관리자
,
검색
콘솔
,
서비스
제공자
-
Analytics, and Play
Erica Walker
+1 (866) 777-7550
Life360 광고를 이용하여 Google 이용자를 대상으로  Google 검색, Play Store 및 YouTube 등을 등록, 체험, 구독을 유도함
IP 주소, 웹 브라우징, 검색 항목, 쿠키 정보/태그/비콘, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, MAC 주소, 기타 고유 ID, 기기정보
미국
정보는 지속적으로 또는 관련 거래가 처리될 때 Life360 시스템과 연동됨에 따라 이전됨
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Microsoft Bing
Julie Brill
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/concern/privacy
Life360광고를 이용하여Microsoft 이용자를 대상으로 등록, 체험 및 가입을 유도함.
웹 브라우징, 검색 항목, 쿠키 정보/태그/비콘
미국
필요한 경우 안전한 웹 포털을 통해 정보에 접근함
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Mode
Mode Privacy Officer
privacy@modeanaytics.com
Mode는 비즈니스 정보 분석 도구로서 정보 분석 목적을 위해 사용됨
분석 정보
미국
정보는 계획에 따라 또는 필요한 경우 Life360 시스템과 연동됨에 따라 이전됨
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Netsuite
Rachelle Gaerlan
privacy_ww@oracle.com
재무 및 회계, 주문, 고객 관리, 구매 및 재고.
온라인 구매, 성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소
미국
정보는 지속적으로 또는 거래가 처리됨에 따라 애플리케이션 프로그래밍 인터페이스에 의해 이전됨
정보는 Netsuite가 Life360에 대하여 수탁 받은 계약상 의무를 수행하기 위해 필요한 기간 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
OnCall INTL
Jennifer Brunelle
DPO@tmhcc.com
OnCall International 은 Life360의 플래티넘 회원에게 재해/여행/의료 지원 서비스를 제공함
성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 팩스 번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소, 이용자명, 나이/생년월일, 신용카드정보, 금융계좌번호 (결제 상세사항), 위치 정보, DL 번호, SSN, 기타 정부발행 ID, 연락처, 사진, 음성 녹음, 영상, 기타 이용자 생성 콘텐츠, 프리 텍스트 필드, 마이너 정보(Minor Data)
미국
필요한 경우 안전한 웹 포털을 통해 정보에 접근함
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
PayPal
Alicia Broughel
+1 (888) 221-1161
PayPal은 고객 결제 정보를 위해 사용됨
온라인 구매, 성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소, 이용자명, 신용카드번호, 금융정보
미국
필요한 경우 안전한 웹 포털을 통해 정보에 접근함
정보는 Paypal이 Life360에 대하여 수탁 받은 계약상 의무를 수행하기 위해 필요한 기간 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Recurly
Kevin C. Nguyen
dpo@recurly.com
Recurly는 Life360 고객 청구 정보를 처리하는 데 도움이 되는 결제, 청구 및 소비자 요구 플랫폼임
온라인 구매, 성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소, 이용자명, 신용카드번호, 금융정보
미국
정보는 지속적으로 또는 필요한 경우 애플리케이션 프로그래밍 인터페이스에 의해 이전됨
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Sontiq
Wayne Hodgin
privacy@sontiq.com
골드 및 플래티넘 회원을 위한 ID 도용 방지(IDP) 서비스와 무료 데이터 침해 경보 서비스(Via'Have I Pwed)를 제공함
온라인 구매, 기타 사용정보, 오프라인 활동 정보, 수동 처리정보, 건강/의료 정보, 성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 팩스 번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소, 이용자명, 패스워드, 인구통계학 정보, 나이/생년월일, 신용카드번호, 금융정보, 위치정보, DL 번호, SSN, 기타 정부발행 ID, MAC 주소, 기타 고유 ID, 기기정보, 진단정보, 연락처, 사진, 음성 녹음, 영상, 기타 이용자 생성 콘텐츠, 프리 텍스트 필드, 마이너 정보(Minor Data), 범죄행위정보(IDP 청구 목적에 한함)
미국
귀하가 서비스에 사전동의(opts-in)한 경우 지속적으로 또는 필요한 경우 Life360 시스템과 연동됨에 따라 이전됨
정보는 Songiq가 Life360에 대한 자신의 계약상 의무를 지원하기 위해 필요한 기간 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Stripe
Cathy Lee
privacy@stripe.com
Stripe은 고객 결제정보를 보유하기 위해 사용됨
IP 주소, 온라인 구매, 정확한 위치정보, 성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소, 이용자명, 신용카드번호, 위치정보, 금융정보
미국
정보는 거래가 처리된 경우 웹사이트에 연동됨에 따라 이전됨
정보는 Stripe가 Life360에 대한 자신의 계약상 의무를 지원하기 위해 필요한 기간 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Tableau
Keenan Conder
privacy@salesforce.com
;
datasubjectrequest@salesforce.com
Tableau는 비즈니스 정보 분석 도구로서 정보 분석 목적을 위해 사용됨.
분석정보
미국
정보는 처리를 이행하기 위해 필요한 경우 연동을 통해 이전됨
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Wordpress
Paul Sieminski
privacypolicyupdates@automattic.com
고객의 디지털 경험을 생성, 관리 및 최적화하기 위해 사용되는 당사의 콘텐츠 관리 시스템
IP 주소, 웹 브라우징, 참조 URL, 쿠키 정보/태그/비콘, 이용자명, 패스워드, 사진, 영상, 기타 이용자 생성 콘텐츠, 프리 텍스트 필드
미국
정보는 처리를 이행하기 위해 필요한 경우 연동을 통해 이전됨
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
서비스
제공자
-
Zendesk
Shanti Ariker
euprivacy@zendesk.com
;
privacy@zendesk.com
Zendesk는 회원들과 소통하는 데 사용되는 주요 도구임. 회원들이 의사연락을 당사에 입력하면 Zendesk로 전달되고 당사가 답변함. 또한 Zendesk SDK는 이용자 상담이 개시되는 경우 앱 내에서 이용자 계정 정보를 입력하는 방식으로 이용자 계정 및 기기 정보를 지원팀에 전달함
IP 주소, 웹 브라우징, 참조 URL, 검색 항목, 쿠키 정보/태그/비콘, 온라인 구매, 기타 사용정보, 수동 처리정보, 성명, 이메일 주소, 전화번호, 팩스 번호, 우편 주소, 청구서 주소, 이용자명, 패스워드, 나이/생년월일, 신용카드번호 마지막 4자리, 금융계좌번호, DL 번호, 기타 정부발행 ID, MAC 주소, 고유 ID, 기기정보, 진단정보, 콘텐츠, 사진, 음성 녹음, 영상, 기타 이용자  생성 콘텐츠, 프리 텍스트 필드, 마이너 정보(Minor Data)
미국
필요한 경우 안전한 웹 포털을 통해 정보에 접근함
정보는 귀하가 Life360 제품을 사용하는 동안 보유됨
5.
개인정보파기절차및방법
Life360은 개인정보 수집 및 이용의 목적이 달성된 경우 본 개인정보 처리방침 및 관련 법령에 따라 귀하의 개인정보를 지체없이 파기합니다.
당사가 귀하의 데이터를 파기하는 경우, 당사는 상업적으로 합리적이고 기술적으로 가능한 조치를 취하여 개인정보를 복구 또는 복제할 수 없게 합니다.
다만, 당사는 관련 법령에서 규정한 바에 따라 아래와 같이 개인정보를 일정기간 동안 보유합니다.
전자상거래 등에서 소비자 보호에 관한 법률
계약 또는 청약철회 등에 관한 기록 : 5년 보관
소비자의 불만 또는 분쟁처리에 관한 기록 : 3년 보관
통신비밀보호법
로그인 기록 : 3개월
6.
개인위치정보의
이용
및
제공
당사는
당사의
위치기반서비스의
제공을
위해
필요한
최소한의
개인위치정보를
이용합니다
.
당사는
이용자의
개인위치정보를
이용한
경우
기술적으로
가능한
경우
위치정보법
준수를
위해
위치정보
이용제공
사실
확인자료
및
해당
개인위치정보를
기록하고
, 6
개월
이상
보관합니다
.
당사는
이용자가
회원
탈퇴
또는
목적
달성
시
위치정보
이용제공
사실
확인자료
및
해당
개인위치정보를
지체없이
파기합니다
.
단
,
관련
법령에
의한
보관이
필요한
경우
해당
기간만큼
보관합니다
.
7.
개인위치정보주체의
권리
이용자는
언제든지
개인위치정보를
이용한
위치기반서비스
제공
및
개인위치정보의
제
3
자
제공에
대하여
당사에게
한
동의의
전부
또는
일부를
철회할
수
있습니다
.
이
경우
당사는
수집한
개인위치정보
및
위치정보
이용
,
제공사실
확인자료를
파기합니다
.
이용자는
당사에
대하여
언제든지
개인위치정보의
수집
,
이용
또는
제공의
일시적인
중지를
요구할
수
있으며
,
당사는
이를
거절할
수
없고
이를
위한
기술적
수단을
갖추고
있습니다
.
이용자는
당사에
대하여
아래의
자료에
대한
열람
또는
고지를
요구할
수
있고
,
당해
자료에
오류가
있는
경우에는
그
정정을
요구할
수
있습니다
.
이
경우
당사는
기술적으로
가능한
경우
요청에
응하겠습니다
.
다만
관련
법령
등
정당한
사유가
있는
경우
요구를
거절할
수
있습니다
.
본인에 대한 위치정보 수집, 이용, 제공사실 확인자료
본인의 개인위치정보가 위치정보의 보호 및 이용 등에 관한 법률 또는 다른 법률 규정에 의하여 제3자에게 제공된 이유 및 내용
이용자는
위
권리를
당사가
정한
절차를
통해
행사할
수
있습니다
.
당사는
8
세
이하의
한국
이용자의
정보를
수집하지
않습니다
.
또한
당사는
아래의
경우에
해당하는
이용자
(
이하
“
보호대상자
”
이라
함
)
의
보호의무자가
보호대상자
등의
생명
또는
신체보호를
위하여
개인위치정보의
수집
,
이용
또는
제공에
동의하는
경우에는
본인의
동의가
있는
것으로
봅니다
.
피성년후견인
장애인복지법 제2조제2항제2호의 규정에 의한 정신적 장애를 가진 자로서 장애인고용촉진 및 직업재활법 제2조제2호의 규정에 의한 중증장애인에 해당하는 자(장애인복지법 제32조의 규정에 의하여 장애인등록을 한 사람에 한정)
보호대상자의
생명
또는
신체의
보호를
위하여
개인위치정보의
수집
,
이용
또는
제공에
동의를
하고자
하는
보호의무자는
서면동의서에
보호의무자임을
증명하는
서면을
첨부하여
회사에
제출하여야
합니다
.
보호의무자는
보호대상자의
개인위치정보
수집
,
이용
또는
제공에
동의하는
경우
개인위치정보주체
권리의
전부를
행사할
수
있습니다
.
8.
개인정보보호
및
민원처리
담당부서
Life360, Inc.
수신인: Susan Stick, 법률 고문 (한국 이용자 문의)
1900 S. Norfolk Street, #310
San Mateo, CA 94403
USA
이메일:
privacy@life360.com
또한 관련 법에 따른 당사의 국내대리인은 아래와 같습니다.
현지 대리인: Bae, Kim & Lee, LLC
대표자 성명: 오양호
Centropolis B,
26 Ujeongguk-ro, Jongno-gu
Seoul, Korea 03161
전화번호: 02-3404-0100
이메일: privacyrep.life360@bkl.co.kr
(
이전 버전
)
Return to top
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Opt-Out
Accept All Cookies
Sub-policy 5
https://www.life360.com/privacy_policy/:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
We and our 10 IAB TCF partners store and access information on your device for the following purposes: store and/or access information on a device, advertising and content measurement, audience research, and services development, personalised advertising, and personalised content.
Personal data may be processed to do the following: use precise geolocation data and actively scan device characteristics for identification.
Our third party IAB TCF partners may store and access information on your device such as IP address and device characteristics. Our IAB TCF Partners may process this personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, or with your consent. You may change or withdraw your preferences at any time by clicking on the cookie icon or link; however, as a consequence, you may not see relevant ads or personalized content.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy
Storage Preferences
Third Parties
Storage
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Skip to main content
Home
Terms and Policies
Terms and Policies
Articles in this section
Life360 Privacy Policy
Life360 Terms of Service
Notice At Collection
Life360 Law Enforcement Guidelines
Life360 Product and Services Terms
Korean Personal Data Processing Policy (Privacy Policy) Addendum - 한국 개인 데이터 처리정책(개인정보 보호정책) 부록
Information Regarding EU/EEA/UK Consumers’ Right of Withdrawal
See all
This Privacy Policy was last modified on February 10, 2025.
Life360 protects and connects your loved ones, pets, and important items to make your life easier and less stressful. We take your privacy as seriously as you do, and we are committed to protecting it.  This Privacy Policy explains our practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, storage, and protection of personal information that is collected through our products and services, as well as your choices regarding the same.
As you review our Policy, keep in mind that it applies to Life360, Inc.’s ("Life360", "we", "our", or "us") websites, mobile apps (Life360, Tile, and Jiobit), help center and other associated services we provide (“Services”).  It also applies to Life360 physical devices (e.g., Tile trackers and partner products that have the Tile-finding technology embedded within them) as well as other products such as Labels (“Products”).
Before accessing or using our Products and/or Services, please ensure that you have read this Policy and understand how we collect, store, use, and disclose your personal information as described herein.
Table of Contents
I. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
II. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
III. ADVERTISING ACTIVITIES
IV. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
V. YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
VI. OUR POLICY TOWARDS CHILDREN
VII. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
VIII. ADDITIONAL STATE, COUNTRY AND REGION-SPECIFIC PRIVACY TERMS
A. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR RESIDENTS OF CERTAIN STATES
B. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR THOSE IN EUROPE
C. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR THOSE IN AUSTRALIA
IX. LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES
X. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
XI. CONTACT US IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS
XII. PREVIOUS POLICY
I. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The information Life360 collects depends on what Life360 Products or Services you use and how you use them.
A. Information You Give Us Directly
When you create or modify a Life360, Tile, or Jiobit account, update your preferences, purchase and/or activate a Product, contact us (including by social media or via our Help Center), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Life360’s Products and Services, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information. Your username, email address, real name, nicknames, date of birth, mobile phone number, password, shipping and billing addresses, and Products activated. You may also choose to provide a photo to associate with your Life360 account, Tile, or Jiobit Products.
Circle Information. When you create a Circle in your Life360 app and invite a friend or family member to join your Circle, we collect their name, email address, mobile phone number, and photo if one is provided.
Identity Verification. In certain circumstances, for instance, depending on the features of our Products and Services you use or based on your age and country of residence, we may take steps to verify that a parent or guardian has consented to use of the Services by a child. We work with an identity verification vendor that may collect information from or an image of a government-issued ID or an image of you (for example, a selfie), which may be used with facial recognition technology. (Note: the digital age of consent may vary by jurisdiction and Life360 may adjust our parental consent process accordingly.) For more information, please click
here
.
Transaction Information. When you place an order for a Product or upgrade to a premium subscription, you will need to provide an email address, a first and last name and/or a shipping address. Any payment information you provide is processed by the relevant billing and/or payment processor. We may also collect information such as which version of the Product or subscription service you are using, the date and time that you activated your account, the duration of your subscription, the data related to any subscription cancellation request, and any in-app purchases you may make.
Optional Account Information. We may collect information when you customize features within our Products or Services (for example, labeling locations on your in-app map within Life360, using "Smart Alert" for a Tile device, or providing emergency information about the wearer of a Jiobit device, such as their, height, weight, gender, ethnicity, race, medications, allergies, and medical conditions including whether the individual is special needs and the category of such special needs, or pet breed in the case of an animal).
Contest Prize and Tax Information. If you are the recipient of a contest or sweepstakes prize that requires tax reporting, we may collect identifiers associated with your government-issued documents (such as a social security number).
Feedback and Social Interactions with Us. We collect information when you provide Life360 with feedback or otherwise interact with us, such as when you comment on a blog post, or when you tag Life360, Tile, or Jiobit on a social media post.
Other Information You Provide to Us. Information you provide in response to surveys about our Products or Services, any information about your friends that you provide us through our referral services, information you provide when seeking help from us, such as your name, email address, telephone number, mailing address and records (including call recordings) and technical information related to the issues you experience.
B. Information We Collect Automatically When You Use or Interact with our Products and Services
We and our service providers may collect other information when you use our Products and Services, such as:
Device Information. This includes information about your device, hardware and software information, such as your mobile device identifiers, operating system, IP address, or browser information (including browser type and language preference), device make/model, Wi-Fi connection, battery status, and advertising identifiers.
Location and Movement Information. With your consent, we collect precise geolocation data (including GPS coordinates and latitude/longitude information) through your mobile device or our Products that transmit precise geolocation data. We also collect information about your location such as city or zip code inferred through your IP address and information through technologies like Wi-Fi and Bluetooth.
Driving Event Information and Motion Activity Information. This information includes information about how and where you are moving such as your speed, altitude, and heading, and is collected from technology embedded in your mobile device, such as gyroscope, accelerometer, compass, and Bluetooth. This information indicates things like whether you are cycling, walking, running, or driving, how fast you are going, and whether you are speeding up or slowing down.
Information Collected via Tracking Technologies. When you use our Products or Services, such as using our apps, visiting our websites, or reading our emails, we and our partners may use a variety of technologies, including cookies, web beacons, pixels, clear GIFs, log files, embedded scripts, SDKs, location-identifying technologies, or other tracking/recording tools (collectively, "Tracking Technologies"), to collect some of the information described in this section and other information about your activity on our Services, such as links you click, features you use and actions you take within our Services, whether you open emails or click on links in emails from us, ads you view or click on, information about your activity on specific pages of our websites, such as mouse movements and keystrokes, and app performance data. We may combine this information with other personal information we collect about you.
C. Messages and Member Content
We collect information when you message other members of your Circle through use of our Services, and any photos or videos you send via the in-app messaging to other members of your Circles. With your permission, we may also access your photo or camera roll on your mobile device.
D. Information Provided to Us by Third Parties
We may receive information about you from other sources. If you connect another account to your Life360 account, we receive information from the companies providing you these services, As an example, when you
link your Tile account to a voice assistant such as Google Assistant or Alexa, we may collect precise geolocation data for all Tiles scanned by the device for members who have linked their account to that service.
E. Information We Derive
We may also derive information or draw inferences based on the other information we collect, including precise geolocation data. For example, we may predict that you would be interested in certain offerings or send you certain reminders based on how you have previously interacted with our Services or your typical movement patterns.
II. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your information to provide, maintain, and improve our Products and Services, to research and develop new products and features, and to promote our Products and Services, as further explained below.
A. To Provide the Life360 Products and Services
We may use information about you to:
Provide the Products and Services to you, including to record the location and movements of devices linked to our Services;
Manage your account with us, including authenticating access, verifying identity, and keeping track of your preferences and choices;
Personalize your experience on our Services, such as to display a personalized browsing history;
Measure interest in Life360’s Products and Services;
Ensure the integrity, security and perform internal quality control and optimization of our Products and Services;
Communicate with you about your account;
For informational, transactional, marketing and operational purposes, such as account management, customer service, or system maintenance;
To process applications, transactions, and payments;
To prevent potentially prohibited, harmful, or illegal activities, including to detect or prevent fraud;
Provide technical support and repair errors or bugs in our Services; and
To enforce our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy and comply with our legal requirements.
B. Marketing Life360 Products and Services
Life360 may use information to market our Products and Services, such as by sending emails, newsletters, mailings, or making phone calls from us, as allowed by applicable law, for marketing purposes such as to provide you with information related to Life360’s or our business partners’ products and services or upcoming special offers that may be of interest to you. You can opt out of these communications at any time, see
below
for details.
We may also use the information we collect to understand the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
C. Research and Development
We may use information we collect in order to:
Understand how users engage with our Products and Services, including to monitor which features are popular, metrics, and trends;
Conduct individual or market research and analytics;
Help us to optimally deliver our existing Products and Services;
To develop new products and services; and
For research and internal analysis.
D. Connecting with Social Media
When you choose to connect or interact with our Services through a Social Network, or if you use social features, the information provided to Life360 via those Social Networks or social features may be used to verify information that you have independently provided to Life360 and to enhance our ability to provide you with information about our business, products, and Services.
These social features are operated solely by the respective Social Networks, and their service providers, and we recommend that you carefully read their privacy policies before you decide to use them. We have no control over or access to the information collected, stored or used by such Social Networks, and the information practices of such Social Networks are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
III. ADVERTISING ACTIVITIES
We engage others to provide analytics services, serve advertisements, and perform related activities within our Services and to advertise our Products and Services to you on non-affiliated sites and services. To do this, Life360 uses the information we collect about you and your activity on our Services. We use this information, sometimes combined with other information we receive from third parties, to select which ads you see on our Services. We also disclose certain information, such as identifiers and activity and device information collected through Tracking Technologies and a hashed version of your email, to advertising partners both to select relevant ads to show you on our Services or to deliver advertising targeted to you on other companies' sites or mobile apps, understand the effectiveness of this advertising, analyze and track data, and better understand your activity. You have control over these practices. On our mobile apps, you may opt out by following the instructions behind the "Your Privacy Choices
" link available in the Privacy & Security section in the settings menu or by using the controls available through your mobile device's operating system. When you use these controls, we will also stop disclosing your information to our business partners for their own use as described
below
. You can learn more about these controls on at the
Limit Information Sharing with Third-Party Partners Through In-App Privacy Settings
information page. To opt out of these practices on your web browser, please follow the instructions behind the "Your Privacy Choices
" link in the footer of our websites. You can learn more by visiting the help article entitled:
To Opt-out of Life360 Sharing Data with Third-parties for Advertising Purposes
.
IV. INFORMATION WE DISCLOSE
We or you may disclose your information to different Life360 Services, our subsidiaries, and to third parties for our or their purposes as described below.
A. Disclosing to Others in Your Life360 Circles, or Friends
You may choose to disclose your personal information to other members of your Life360 Circles (Tiles may be shared with third parties who are not a member of your Circles upon your request, via the in-app “Unlimited Sharing” setting, which may be modified by you at any time), including your:
full name;
email address;
precise geolocation data;
driving event data;
information about your use of our Service with members of your Circles (e.g., whether you have logged in on a new device); and
Tiles.
In addition, other members of your Circles may disclose your personal information in certain circumstances, such as:
if a member of your Circle enables voice actions on services such as Google Assistant-enabled or Alexa-enabled devices, your personal information (including name, Tile name, and last place seen for each Tile) may be displayed to your Circle members on screen or via audio response on any device with the voice action enabled.
To prohibit this data disclosure, you must ask the member of your Circle member to disconnect their account from the voice action-enabled devices, or you can leave the Circle shared with that member.
B. Information Posted to our Blogs, Community Forums or Other Public Websites
Any information or content that you voluntarily submit, or post to the Life360 or Tile websites or blogs, community forums, or comments you post to our Facebook page (or other social media pages) will automatically be available to the public. We may publicly post your reviews and comments online on our website or mobile app or link your reviews to third-party websites.
We are not responsible for any information you choose to provide on social media pages, or for any content or communications you receive as a result of sharing such information.
To request removal of your information from our website or blogs, please contact us at
shareyourstory@life360.com
.
C. Service Providers and Advisors
We may disclose your personal information to our vendors and consultants who help us provide our Services or who perform services on our behalf, such as accounting, managerial, technical, email or chat services, marketing or analytic services, fraud prevention, bot detection, web hosting, and to others that provide services or features to our members on our behalf.
D. Business Partners that Provide Certain Services to You
We may disclose personal information, including contact information and location and movement data (including precise geolocation data), mobile device information (such as information generated by the gyroscope and accelerometer in your device), application analytics (including IP address and device identifiers), technical and analytical data, and driving event data with business partners that provide certain features and services you elect to use through or in connection with our Products or Services. Some examples of these integrated services offered by our business partners include:
Crash Detection and Emergency Dispatch Services
;
Roadside assistance
;
Identity theft protection
; and
Driving analytics services
.
E. Business Partners for Their Own Use
In addition to disclosures of certain personal information for Life360's advertising purposes described
above
, we also disclose certain information, including precise geolocation data, movement data, and other information, about your use of our Services to select business partners for their own uses, including to combine with other information to derive insights and analytics and use for their own and others' advertising and monetization purposes. We do not make available your contact information (e.g. your name, email, phone number) for such purposes. You can opt out of these disclosures by following the instructions behind the link titled "Your Privacy Choices
" in the Privacy & Security section of your app account settings and learn more here:
Limit Information Sharing with Third-Party Partners Through In-App Privacy Settings
.
F. Purchasers and Other Third Parties in Connection with a Business Transaction
We may at any time buy or sell/divest the company, or any portion or combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses. Personal information such as member names and email addresses, and other member information related to our Services will likely be one of the items transferred in these types of transactions. We may disclose, transfer or assign such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions, or similar transactions or proceedings.
G. Law Enforcement, Regulators, and Other Parties for Legal Reasons
We may disclose personal information to third parties (including but not limited to, law enforcement, other government entities, or civil litigants) when required to do so by law or subpoena, or if we determine (in our sole discretion) that disclosure is necessary to: (a) conform to the law, comply with legal process, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) to enforce our
Terms of Service
, this Privacy Policy, to take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any claims or allegations, or to protect the security or integrity of our site; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Life360, our employees, members or others.
H. Aggregate Insights
We provide select business partners aggregate information that is deidentified and combined with similar data of other users that cannot reasonably be linked to or used to identify any individual, household, or device, which these partners may use for their own commercial purposes like market analysis or research. We give you controls over this activity, as described
below
.
V. YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
We believe in transparency and providing you with the opportunity to make important decisions about how your information is used, processed, stored and shared as outlined in this Section V (Your Choices about Your Information).
A. Modifying, Correcting, Accessing, Opting Out, and Deleting Your Information
You may correct or modify your account information or personal information (e.g. name, email address, or phone number), or change your password by logging in to your App, clicking on “Settings” and then “Account” (for Life360) or “Manage Account” (for Tile or Jiobit Apps).
You may request to access or review the information we collect or disclose about you, the categories of sources of such information, the business or commercial purpose for collecting your information, and the categories of third parties with whom we disclose personal information, or request that your information be deleted by submitting a request as described below. Please note that the information provided via the in-app links described in this section does not include technical information or support records. If you would like to request information related to your support records, please contact us directly at
privacy@life360.com
.
In the Life360 app, you may:
Exercise your right to Opt in or Opt out of App-based personal information sales (described
above
) and activities that involve use of personal information for "targeted advertising" (described
above
) by following the instructions provided behind the “Your Privacy Choices
” link in the Privacy & Security section of your app account settings. If you opt out, you will still see ads on our Services, but we will not use third-party data to select these ads.
Request to access or delete your personal information by visiting the “Additional Data Rights” page in the Privacy & Security section of your app account settings and selecting “Request Your Personal Information” or “Delete Your Account” to submit your request. We will process your request and send a confirmation email.
In the Tile and Jiobit apps, you may:
Request deletion of your personal information through the Tile app by clicking on “Settings,” then “Manage Account,” and finally by clicking on “Delete Account” and following the on-screen instructions.
Request deletion of your personal information through the Jiobit app by clicking on “Menu,” then “Account,” then “Manage Account," and finally by clicking on “Delete My Data” and following the on-screen instructions.
To exercise your other rights related to the Tile or Jiobit Products and Services please contact us as further described below with your detailed request.
You may also request the closure and deletion of your account by contacting us at
privacy@life360.com
with your deletion request. Please include your full name, the email address associated with your Account, and the service you are using.
Note:
prior to deletion of your Tile account, you may transfer your Tiles to another Tile customer by following the instructions found in our support pages covering the
Transfer of a Tile
. Tiles may only be transferred from or to active accounts.
For Tile customers: If you delete your account or other personal information, the location information associated with active Tile Products may still be collected anonymously from other Tile Community members who are running the app and are within Bluetooth range of your device. To completely disable this type of information collection we recommend you transfer the Tiles prior to account or data deletion, and remove the battery from or disable your Products.
B. Controlling Aggregate Insights
As described
above
, we provide aggregate information to select business partners for their own use. You may decline to have your information aggregated and used for these purposes by using the choice offered in your account in the Life360 app by clicking “Settings,” the “Privacy & Security,” and finally “Aggregate Insights.”
C. Communications from Life360
We may periodically send you promotional newsletters and emails. You have the ability to opt-out of these by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the emails you receive. Certain communications, such as billing information and Service updates are necessary for you to receive and you will not be able to opt-out of these communications. For more information about the types of communications Life360 may send, and for detailed instructions on how to opt-out please see the following:
Email and Telephone Communications
; and
Mobile Devices and Push Notifications
.
D. Location and Movement Data Collection and Sharing in the Life360 App
We collect, use, and disclose precise geolocation data, driving event, and movement data as described above. You have many options to control this data collection and sharing activity through the App Settings:
Opt out of disclosures of this personal information to advertising and business partners by following the instructions behind the "Your Privacy Choices
" link in the Privacy & Security section of your app account settings;
Opt out of Aggregate Insights as described
above
;
Limit Location Sharing with Your Circle(s)
;
Limit Drive Detection
; and
Disconnect Location Data and Movement Data in Device Settings
.
If you no longer want to continue using the Products and/or Services, uninstalling the Life360, Tile, or Jiobit app (as applicable), removing the battery from or disabling the Products, and logging out from our Service will also stop us from collecting your location.
E. Web-Based Personal Information Sales
You may opt out of the use and sharing of your personal information collected from our websites for purposes of showing targeted advertisements on other online properties by visiting the "Your Privacy Choice" link in the footer of the website and adjust the toggles as applicable.
Please note these settings must be completed for each browser on each device you use and for each of our websites (
Life360.com
,
Tile.com,
and
Jio.com
) separately, and will not affect App-based settings. If you clear your cookies or your browser is set to do so, you will have to exercise the choice again.
VI. OUR POLICY TOWARDS CHILDREN
Life360 takes special precautions to protect the privacy of our younger members. Life360 does not knowingly collect personal information from children who do not meet applicable minimum age requirements without verifiable consent of a parent or guardian, and our Services are only intended to be used by children with significant parental or guardian involvement and approval.
If Life360 learns that we have inadvertently collected personal information of a child without parental consent as required by law, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child has a registered account with our Services or is using our Products without your consent, please alert us immediately by emailing
privacy@life360.com
.
As a parent or guardian, by enabling your child to create a member account and/or permitting your child to use the Products or Services, you expressly agree to the practices described in this Privacy Policy and you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your child’s personal information as described herein.
A. Setting up a Child Account
If a parent wishes to add a member who is a child to our Services, we request the parent provide verifiable consent, through one of several methods, such as by verifying the parent’s driver’s license during sign up, or by submitting a parental consent form (available
here
) via mail or email. The child will then be able to participate in most aspects of the Life360 Services. In some instances, our Products are intended to be worn and used by children and pets. By providing the Products to a child, you represent and warrant to Life360 that you consent to such child’s use of our Products and Services and further consent as a parent to enable and permit Life360’s collection and use of the information from the Products and Services used by the child as stated in this Privacy Policy and the
Terms of Service
.
B. Personal Information We Collect about Children
We take special precautions to collect only as much information as is reasonably necessary for the child to use our Products and Services.
C. Information Disclosures about Children
Life360 may disclose a child’s personal information to our third-party vendors, service providers, and business partners that offer integrated services as described in this Privacy Policy. We do not share or sell personal information of members we know to be children, nor do we show ads  in child accounts. Profile and location information for children using the Service may be shared with other members of any Circle the child joins. Please note the child may exchange messages with those Circle members. You are responsible for monitoring your child’s account and location-sharing activity through our Products and Services and for blocking or permitting location-sharing features.
D. Contact Us Regarding your Child’s Account or Information
The parent or legal guardian has a right to request to review or have deleted the child’s personal information and may withdraw consent for our Products and Services to collect any further personal information from the child. Please contact us at
privacy@life360.com
to request to review and/or delete any personal information we may have collected from the child, or to withdraw permission for Life360 to collect any additional information from the child. We will require the parent or guardian to provide us with sufficient identification before providing access to, or acting upon, such personal information, or acting upon such request.
VII. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
Life360 cares about the security of your information. The actions we take to protect your personal information are described below.
A. Security
We have implemented appropriate standards to reduce the risk of unauthorized or unlawful access of your personal information. No security system is impenetrable and we cannot absolutely guarantee the security of our systems and your information.
We will never send you unsolicited messages or contact you by phone to request sensitive information, such as your account ID, password, payment, or national ID numbers. Please note that the e-mails and other communications you send to us are not encrypted, and we strongly advise you not to share any sensitive information through these means.
If any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify any impacted individuals and take steps in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
B. Accuracy and Confidentiality of Your Email Address and Password
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and ensuring the email address associated with your account(s) is accurate. We use your email address to contact you about service updates, changes to our policies, and account activities such as requests for your information. We recommend using a strong password unique to this service. If you believe your account has been compromised, change your password immediately via the applicable app or website.
Life360 is not responsible for information or data transmitted to a third party as a result of a member providing an incorrect phone number or email address.
C. Jiobit Device Security
Jiobit devices use unique hardware to deliver strong security and encryption. Our devices include a dedicated security chip required to communicate with our secure servers and are intrusion resistant. Unlike most other connected devices, it cannot be reprogrammed - part of the circuit board is physically burned away during manufacturing. Jiobit location data is encrypted at rest and while in transit.
D. Fraud Prevention
To prevent the misuse of our Services by bots or other nefarious means, we use anti-bot services to ensure the integrity of our service, for more information click
here
.
E. Data Retention
Life360 retains the information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Products or Services or as otherwise necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, to resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business interests, enforce our agreements, and to comply with applicable laws. The purposes for which we process information may dictate different retention periods for the same types of information.
VIII. ADDITIONAL STATE, COUNTRY, AND REGION-SPECIFIC PRIVACY TERMS
A. Additional Information for Residents of Certain U.S. States & California Notice at Collection
Some U.S. states have enacted privacy laws that grant their residents certain rights and require specific disclosures ("State Privacy Laws"). If you reside in California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, or Virginia, this section applies to you.
This section also serves as our California notice at collection.
Additional Disclosures
Above we explain how we
collect
,
use
, and
disclose
information about you, as well as our
advertising practices
. As required by certain State Privacy Laws, we use the tables below to explain this same information.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information for Business Purposes
Category
of Personal Information
Categories of Recipients
Use of Personal Information
Identifiers such as your name, user name, account name, mobile phone number, email address, shipping address, online identifiers, device identifiers, IP address, mobile device identifiers, and mobile advertising identifiers. We also collect certain identifiers, such as email address and mobile phone number of individuals you choose to add to your Circle.
Commercial information, such as Products activated, subscriptions purchased, date and time you activated your account, duration of the subscription, data related to any subscription cancellation request, and in-app purchases. Any payment information provided is processed by the relevant billing and/or payment processor.
Internet or Electronic Network Activity information such as information about you activity on our Services, links you click, features you use and actions you take within our Services, whether you open emails or click on links in emails from us, ads you view or click on, app performance data, and device information such as browser type and language preferences, device make/model, and Wi-Fi connection).
Geolocation and movement information, including precise geolocation data (which is “sensitive” personal information under certain State Privacy Laws) as well as broad location and motion information such as altitude, heading, and speed.
Driving event and motion activity information collected through technology embedded in your mobile device, including gyroscope, accelerometer, compass, and Bluetooth, and includes information related to your motion activity (such as cycling, walking, running, or driving) and information about your speed, acceleration, and deceleration.
Inferences (such as consumer preferences drawn from other information we collect).
Demographic information, such as your age and gender, in connection with your account setup or if you use one of our Tile or Jiobit Products.
Attributes that may be considered “sensitive” under State Privacy Laws, including information about your race, ethnicity, religion, or health conditions, if you choose to provide it in connection with certain Services we offer, such as emergency assistance.
Other content and information you choose to provide to us, such as customer support messages and feedback.
Other members of your Life360 Circles with whom you choose to share personal information and non-Circle members with whom you have requested to share Tiles via the in-app “Unlimited Sharing” setting.
Service providers and advisors, such as vendors that assist us with accounting, managerial, technical, email or chat services, marketing or analytic services, fraud prevention, bot detection, and web hosting.
Business partners that provide certain features and services you elect to use through or in connection with our Products or Service, such as Crash Detection and Emergency Dispatch Services, roadside assistance, identity theft protection; and driving analytics services.
Government agencies, regulators, and others as necessary for legal purposes.
Recipients in connection with business transfers.
Others with your consent or otherwise at your direction.
To provide the Products and Service to you, including to record the location and movements of devices linked to our Services;
To manage your account with us, including authenticating access, verifying identity, and keeping track of your preferences and choices;
To personalize your experience on our Services, such as to display a personalized browsing history;
To measure interest in Life360’s Products and Services;
To ensure the integrity, security and perform internal quality control and optimization of our Products and Service;
To communicate with you about your Account;
For informational, transactional, marketing and operational purposes, such as account management, customer service, or system maintenance;
To process applications, transactions, and payments;
To prevent potentially prohibited, harmful, or illegal activities, including to detect or prevent fraud;
To provide technical support and repair errors or bugs in our Services;
To enforce our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy and comply with our legal obligations.
To market Life360 Products and Services.
To understand how users engage with our Products and Services, including to monitor which features are popular, metrics, and trends;
To conduct individual or market research and analytics;
To help us optimally deliver our existing Products and Services;
To develop new products and services; and
For research and internal analysis.
Certain information we process is considered "sensitive" under State Privacy Laws, such as precise geolocation data, personal information of children, and, if you select to use certain features within our Products and Services, such as emergency assistance, you may provide us information about health conditions and your race, ethnicity, or religion. We process such sensitive information only with your consent, or, in the case of children, with the consent of the child's parent or legal guardian.
As described in the
Information We Collect
section above, we collect personal information from various sources, including directly from you, automatically when you use or interact with our Products or Services, and from third-party sources.
We retain personal information as described in the
Data Retention
subsection above.
Sales, Sharing, and Targeted Advertising Activities
TEXAS NOTICE: We may sell your sensitive personal data.
We engage in activities which may be considered "sales," "sharing," or use of personal information for "targeted advertising" under State Privacy Laws:
As described
above
, we license certain information, including precise geolocation data (which is "sensitive" personal data under certain State Privacy Laws) to select business partners for their own advertising and monetization purposes.
As described
above
, we also disclose certain categories of personal information to third parties to engage in targeted advertising, including to promote our Products and Services on third-party websites and to inform the targeted ads shown to you on our Services.
The table below provides more information about the information we disclose and the nature of third parties that receive it for such purposes.
Category of Personal Information
Category of Third Parties
Identifiers (such as pseudonymous cookie IDs, IP address, device IDs, advertising IDs, and hashed email address).
Internet or Electronic Network Activity information (such as information about you activity on our Services, links you click, features you use and actions you take within our Services, ads you view or click on, app performance data, and device information such as browser type and language preferences, device make/model, and Wi-Fi connection).
Inferences (such as predictions about your interests based on other information we collect).
Advertising and marketing partners and networks;
Social Networks; and
Select business partners that engage in advertising, marketing, research, and analytics.
Geolocation and movement information, including precise geolocation data (which is “sensitive” personal information under certain State Privacy Laws) as well as broad location and motion information such as altitude, heading, and speed.
Driving event and motion activity information collected through technology embedded in your mobile device, including gyroscope, accelerometer, compass, and Bluetooth, and includes information related to your motion activity (such as cycling, walking, running, or driving) and information about your speed, acceleration, and deceleration.
Select business partners that engage in advertising, marketing, research, and analytics.
We do not engage in sales, sharing, or targeted advertising using personal information about anyone we know to be under the age of 18.
Your Rights Under State Privacy Laws
Opt Out of Sales, Sharing, and Targeted Advertising
You may opt out of activities that we engage in that may constitute "targeted advertising," "sharing," or "sales" of personal information, including precise geolocation data, under the State Privacy Laws. To opt out:
Follow the instructions behind the "Your Privacy Choices
" link in the footer of each of our websites to opt out of disclosures for such purposes via Tracking Technologies on our websites. Your opt-out choice will be linked to your browser only; therefore, you will need to renew your opt-out choice if you visit our website from a new device or browser, or if you clear your browser’s cookies. You can also opt out by visiting our websites with a legally recognized universal opt-out signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control.
Follow the instructions behind the "Your Privacy Choices
" link available behind the “Privacy & Security” option in the settings menu of our apps to opt your account out of disclosures by Life360 of your information—including a hashed version of your email address—for such purposes and Life360’s use of third-party information to inform the ads you are shown on our Services. We will also treat your account as opted out of these activities if you use controls available through your mobile device’s operating system.
Use these tools to opt out will also direct us to limit our use and disclosure of precise geolocation data, which we considered "sensitive" under certain State Privacy Laws.
Access, Correction, and Deletion
You have the right to (1) request to know more about and access your personal information, including in a portable format, (2) request deletion of your personal information, and (3) request correction of inaccurate personal information. If you would like to submit a request to exercise your rights, please follow the instructions set forth
above
.
Alternatively, you may submit a request to exercise your rights under State Privacy Laws via email by contacting us at
privacy@life360.com
and including your account name and mobile telephone number as well as the consumer right you would like to exercise. To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps such as verifying your email address and specific information to verify your identity and request. For faster response time, we recommend members submit all requests through the in-app Privacy & Security Settings.
Nondiscrimination
We do not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights. Note that we may need certain information in order to provide our Services to you; if you ask us to delete your account, for example, we will no longer be able to provide Services to you.
Appeals
If we deny your request, you may appeal our decision by contacting us at
privacy@life360.com
. If you have concerns about the result of your appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside.
Authorized Agents
If you reside in California, you may also designate an authorized agent to submit an access, deletion, or correction request on your behalf. Authorized agents must submit the request via email to
privacy@life360.com
and include a signed letter from the Life360 member confirming the agent has permission to submit the request on the member's behalf. In certain circumstances, we may need to request additional information to verify the identity of the member about whom the request is being made and/or to verify that the member has provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request. We may deny a request in the event we are not able to verify the authorized agent's authority to act on your behalf.
If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request to opt out of sales, sharing, or targeted advertising on behalf of a consumer, please contact us at
privacy@life360.com
.
Annual Request Metrics
California law requires us to compile metrics for the previous calendar year regarding consumer requests and responses. Below are certain metrics for requests we receive from all individuals (including California residents) between January 1, 2023, and December 31, 2023.
Request Type
Number of Requests Received
Number of Requests Denied (Due to No Verification)
Number of Requests Verified and Processed
Mean Number of Days for Processing Verified Requests
Know/Access
(requests to know/access)
38,162
135
38,027
8.14
Delete
(requests to delete)
1,474,093
0
1,433,043
23.5
Request Type
Number of Requests Received
Mean Number of Days for Processing Verified Requests
Opt-Out
(request to opt-out of sales of personal information)
Verified: 1,466,302
Unverified: 6,633*
1-2 days
Limit
(requests to limit the sharing of sensitive personal information)
Life360 does not differentiate between regular Opt-Outs and Requests to Limit Sharing - they are treated the same way.
*Unverified requests are requests received from automated tools and Life360 is unable to verify both the authenticity and the member making such requests. Life360 takes no action for requests that cannot be verified.
B. International Transfer
You agree that all information collected via or by Life360 may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates or the servers of our service providers. Your information may be accessible to law enforcement or other authorities pursuant to a lawful request. By providing information to Life360, you explicitly consent to the storage of your information in these locations, this may mean that your personal information will be stored in a jurisdiction that offers a level of protection that may, in certain instances, be less protective of your personal information than the jurisdiction you are typically resident in. We will implement appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), UK, or Switzerland, we will protect your personal information when it is transferred outside your jurisdiction by: (i) processing it in compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as described
below
; and/or (ii) implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your personal information, such as entering into appropriate data transfer agreements based on the Standard Contractual Clauses, or another lawful and approved transfer mechanism. If you wish to enquire further about the safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out at the end of this privacy notice.
Except in some cases where we may rely on an exception under the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), we will take reasonable steps to ensure that such overseas recipients do not breach the Australian Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) in relation to such information.
C. Individuals in Europe
If you are located in Europe, the following section applies to you.
i. Legal Basis for Processing
Our legal basis for processing your personal information varies depending on the type of information we collect and the context in which we collect it as well as our records of your country of residence. Depending on where you reside, we may rely on different legal bases to process your information.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area or in a jurisdiction where similar legal requirements may apply such as Switzerland, and the United Kingdom, we rely on a number of legal bases to process information about you. We will process information about you where we have your consent, where we have a legitimate interest to do so, where the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, and/or where we have a legal obligation to process your information. For example we typically rely on:
Necessity to meet an actual contractual obligation when you create a Life360, Tile or Jiobit account to enable us to provide you with our Products and Services.
Consent when placing cookies on your device on the web (through our cookie consent manager), to send you email marketing, or to deliver third-party targeted advertising to you related to our Products and Services. Note that when consent is the legal basis for our processing of your personal information, you may withdraw such consent at any time.
Our legitimate interests to process your information when providing you with customer service support, to serve targeted marketing of our Products and Services, for fraud prevention and security purposes.
To fulfill our contractual obligations.
Necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
ii. Data Subject Requests
You have the right to (1) access your personal information, including in a portable format, (2) request erasure of your personal information, and (3) request correction of inaccurate personal information. In addition, you may have the right to object to certain processing or request we restrict certain processing. You may exercise these rights by following the instructions in the
Your Choices About Your Information
section above. Alternatively, you may submit a request to exercise your rights via email by contacting us at
privacy@life360.com
. We may ask for additional information from you to clarify your request and verify that you are authorized to make your request. We will respond to requests to exercise privacy rights according to applicable laws.
If you have concerns about our processing of personal information, we encourage you to contact us in the first instance. However, if we are unable to resolve it, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local Data Protection Authority. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission ("FTC"), and a list of supervisory authorities in the EEA, UK, and Switzerland and their respective contact details are available behind the links below:
EEA:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
United Kingdom:
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
Switzerland:
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact.html
iii. Data Privacy Framework
Life360 and Tile, Inc. (collectively, the "Life360 Companies") comply with the requirements of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) (collectively “DPF”), as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce, regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and the United Kingdom (“UK”) and Switzerland to the United States. The Life360 Companies have certified to the Department of Commerce that they adhere to the DPF Principles with respect to personal information transferred to them in reliance on the DPF. To the extent that the DPF applies to your information, if there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. The Life360 Companies are subject to the investigatory powers of the FTC with respect to their DPF compliance. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view the Life360 Companies' certifications, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/
. The Life360 Companies may also protect information through other legally valid methods, including international data transfer agreements.
If you are an EEA or UK or Swiss citizen you may be able to exercise certain choices under the DPF regarding how some of your personal data is used and disclosed, and may access, correct or delete certain personal data by following the instructions in
Section V (Your Choices About Your Information)
and
Section VIII(C)(ii) (Data Subject Requests)
in this Privacy Policy.
You may also have the right to opt out of the Life360 Companies' use or disclosure of personal data received or transferred pursuant to the DPF, if the Life360 Companies will (i) use such personal data for a new purpose that is materially different from the purposes for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or (ii) disclose such personal data to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be done according to the process described in
Section III
. If the person data is "sensitive" (such as information about health conditions, race, ethnicity, or religion), the Life360 Companies will not process such sensitive personal data as described in (i) or (ii) above without your opt-in consent.
When the Life360 Companies receive personal information under the DPF and then transfer it to a third-party service provider acting as their agent on their behalf, the Life360 Companies remain liable under the DPF if both (a) the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF and (b) the Life360 Companies are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
If you are an EEA or UK or Swiss citizen and feel that the Life360 Companies are not abiding by the terms of this Privacy Policy, or are not in compliance with the DPF Principles, please contact the Life360 Companies at the contact information provided in
Section IX (Contact Us If You Have Questions or Concerns), below.
If the Life360 Companies are unable to resolve your concerns, they have agreed, in compliance with DPF, to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF to JAMS
, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF-related complaint from the Life30 Companies, or if they have not addressed your DPF-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
If any request remains unresolved, you may contact the national data protection authority for your jurisdiction of residence. Under certain conditions, if your DPF complaint has not been resolved after raising it with the Life360 Companies or by following the JAMS procedure above, you may invoke binding arbitration to resolve complaints with respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the DPF, as described in Annex I of the DPF, available here:
https://go.adr.org/dpfeufiling.html.
C. Individuals in Australia
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
In Australia, we will only use and disclose your personal information for the purposes of marketing Life360 Products and Services or the services of third-party organizations where you have consented to us doing so, or as otherwise permitted by law.
Security Liability for Australian Members
Except to the extent liability cannot be excluded due to the operation of statute, we exclude all liability (including in negligence) for the consequences of any unauthorized access to, disclosure of, misuse of, or loss or corruption of your personal information. Nothing in this Privacy Policy restricts, excludes, or modifies, or purports to restrict, exclude or modify any statutory consumer rights under any applicable law including the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth).
IX. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES AND SERVICES
Our Services may contain links to websites and services that are owned or operated by third parties. Any information that you provide on or to a third-party service, or that is collected by a third-party service, is provided directly to the owner or operator of the third-party service and is subject to the owner’s or operator’s privacy policy. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Life360, Tile, or Jiobit Services to another website or app, or engage with a third-party service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction, on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies, and Life360 is not responsible for the practices employed by those apps, websites, or services, nor the information or content contained therein.
X. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it frequently. If we are required by applicable data protection laws to give you enhanced notice or seek out consent to any such changes, we will do so. Otherwise, changes to this Policy will be effective when posted.
If you object to any of the changes to this Privacy Policy, you must cease using our Products and/or Services, and may request us to erase your personal information. Any information that is collected through your use of our Products or Services is covered by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
XI. CONTACT US IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, this Privacy Policy, our Products, or Services, please contact us at
privacy@life360.com
or by postal mail:
Life360, Inc.
ATTN: Privacy
1900 S. Norfolk Street, #310
San Mateo, CA 94403
United States
XII. PREVIOUS POLICY
Previous Privacy Policy
Korean Personal Data Processing Policy (Privacy Policy) Addendum
Return to top
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Opt-Out
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
Do Not Sell My Personal Info
Life360 is in the business of helping you find what matters. In order to give you the best experience, we use advertising technologies like pixels to help deliver relevant messages to you about our products and services, as well as to help us measure the effectiveness of those messages. In some instances, our advertising partners may glean information about things like your visit to our website and/or purchases you’ve made. Under California law, this is included in the definition of “sale” and thus triggers the requirement for this “do not sell” disclosure.
You can opt-out of sharing this information by toggling the tracking cookies below. If you are a Life360 customer and want to opt-out of all targeted advertising, please send an email to privacy@life360.com. If you are a Tile customer and want to opt-out of all targeted advertising, please send an email to terms@thetileapp.com. Please note that cookie settings are device and browser-specific, you will need to toggle the cookie settings on all of your devices and browsers. If you opt-out, note that you may still see Tile ads, but they won’t be tailored to your interests.
Cookie Settings
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience.
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Privacy Policy
Continue
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
All Other Cookies
Functional Cookies
Switch Label
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
Switch Label
We do not serve third-party ads on its sites or services - targeted or otherwise. We do use cookies to help provide you with information and advertising about our products that we think will be useful to you. By using the toggles below, you may opt-out of cookie-based marketing efforts.

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label