Wallpapers APP Privacy Notice:
Wallpapers APP focuses on protecting users' personal information and personal privacy. This privacy statement explains the collection and use of personal information by users and this privacy statement applies to all related services of Wallpapers APP.
Collection of your personal information
When you use the Wallpapers APP service, we collect information such as equipment, network environment, etc. with your consent. If you are unable to provide such information, you may not be able to use the corresponding service
We also collect other relevant information for the purpose of optimizing the user experience.
Management of your personal information
Wallpapers APP will use your personal information in the following situations: (1) in compliance with laws and regulations; (2) in accordance with your authorization; and (3) in accordance with Wallpapers APP's terms of service and software license agreement;
Wallpapers APP does not disclose your personal information to third parties without permission. Unless one of the following conditions is met: (1) in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations; (2) in accordance with the relevant terms of service between you and Wallpapers APP, the agreement for the use of software license;
The security of your personal information
Wallpapers APP strictly protects the security of your personal information. We use a variety of systems, security technologies and procedures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. If you have any questions about the protection of our personal information, please contact us.
Access to your personal information
If you have registered for Wallpapers APP related services, you can review or edit the personal information you submit to Wallpapers APP. In general, you can view and modify your submitted information at any time.
Use of cookies
Wallpapers APP uses cookies to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is stored on your access device by a web server. The cookie assigned to you is unique and can only be read by a web server that publishes the cookie to your domain.
One of the main uses of cookies is to provide a time-saving utility. For example, if you personalize the Wallpapers APP web page or register on multiple Wallpapers APP services, the cookie will help you call your information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information (such as one-click logins, etc.). When you return to Wallpapers APP, Wallpapers APP can bring up the information you have previously provided so you can easily use your custom features. Technologies such as cookies and web beacons can help you optimize your choice and interaction with your ads.
Wallpapers APP uses web beacons to access our website to extract cookies when conducting work related to its products and services.
You have the right to accept or reject cookies. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to reject cookies based on your needs. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Wallpapers APP service or website you are visiting.
Use of network Beacon
Wallpapers APP web pages often contain electronic images (called "single-pixel" GIF files or "web beacons") that help websites calculate the users browsing the web or access certain cookies. The way Wallpapers APP uses web beacons is:
1. Wallpapers APP calculates the number of user visits by using a network beacon on its website and identifies registered users by accessing cookies.
2.Wallpapers APP can provide personalized service on the Wallpapers APP website by obtaining the cookie information.
Personal information protection for minors
Wallpapers APP places great emphasis on the protection of minors' personal information. If you are a minor under the age of 18, you should obtain prior written consent from your parent or legal guardian before using the Wallpapers APP service. Wallpapers APP protects the personal information of minors in accordance with the relevant national laws and regulations.
Wallpapers APP will update this Privacy Notice from time to time. We will post changes to the privacy notice on the web page.