Privacy Notice
The following Privacy Information is being provided to you in relation to the GAA Mobile App as outlined in the General Data Protection Regulation.  It is intended to inform you of how the Personal Information provided on this form will be used, by whom and for what purposes.
The GAA processes personal information to administer and conduct GAA related activities.  This includes membership and player registrations, team sheets, disciplinary processes, communications and notifications of GAA events, club fundraising activities, coaching activities and compliance related requirements (i.e. vetting and insurance).  We will never share your information with third parties for any purpose without your consent.
Contact Details
If you require any information regarding Data Protection and how your data is processed by the GAA, please contact the GAA's
Data Protection Officer
Tel: 01 8658600 or
Email:
dataprotection@gaa.ie
Post: Data Protection Officer, GAA, Croke Park, Jones Road, Dublin 3.
GAA Membership - Electronic Registrations
The GAA uses a centralised electronic database for processing GAA Membership registrations. Each GAA club has access to the database and enters the relevant information from each of their members onto this system. Alternatively, members may choose to self-register by way of the GAA Mobile App.
What personal data is processed?
The personal data processed by the GAA by way of the GAA Mobile App consists of the personal information provided by you at membership registration.
Who is the data controller for my data?
The Club and the GAA (centrally) are Joint Data Controllers of the Personal Data used for membership registrations.  The GAA can be contacted at the details above.  Your club can be contacted directly by using the details available locally or by emailing the Club Secretary using the following email format and substituting your own club’s name and your county as relevant. secretary.club.county@gaa.ie.
Who is the Data Protection Officer for the GAA and the Club?
Your Club Secretary will be able to provide you with contact details for the person within your club with responsibility for coordinating Data Protection.
You can contact the GAA’s Data Protection Officer at
dataprotection@gaa.ie
or 01 8658600 if you have any questions or wish to make any request in relation to your personal data.
What is the purpose of processing my Personal Data?
The purpose for processing your Personal Data within the GAA App is that it is necessary for the performance of a contract in order to register and maintain your membership with the Club and the GAA.
The purpose is also to keep you informed of GAA events and fundraisers.  We will only use your personal data for this second purpose if you have provided your explicit consent for this purpose.
Will anyone else receive a copy of my Personal Data?
Your Personal Data can be accessed by certain members of the County Boards, Provincial Boards and National Administrative function in Croke Park.  This will be done in accordance with our data protection policy only.
In the event of an injury or insurance claim, details of your claim which will include your Personal Data will be passed to the GAA’s Insurance underwriters, DWF, 5 George's Dock, IFSC, Dublin 1, Ireland.
Where is your Personal Data stored?
Your data will be stored electronically on the GAA Membership Database which is provided by the GAA, Croke Park, Jones Road, Dublin 3
How long will your Personal Data be stored for?
Your Personal Data will be held for the duration of your Membership and it will be deleted by us in the event that you resign your Membership or you are expelled in accordance with the Official Guide. However we may retain your Personal Data after your Membership ceases if we decide that it is strictly necessary to do so in the circumstances in accordance with our data retention policy.
How can I obtain a copy of the Personal Data held by the Club/GAA?
You have the right to request a copy of all of your Personal Data and can do so by contacting either your Club Secretary or the GAA Data Protection Officer as outlined above. This information will be provided to you within one month.
What are my rights relating to my Personal Data?
You have the right to have your Personal Data updated, rectified, or deleted if you so wish.  You have the right to object to your Personal Data being processed and to withdraw your consent to processing - You can do so by contacting us.
Where can I get further information?
Further information regarding your rights can be obtained through the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner, Canal House, Station Road, Portarlington, Co. Laois, or on the website
www.dataprotection.ie
How do I make a complaint or report a breach?
Should you wish to make a complaint or report a breach in relation to your Personal Data, you can do so by emailing the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner at
info@dataprotection.ie
.
Alternatively, you have the right to make a complaint or report a breach to the supervisory authority in the country in which you work or reside. For example, the Information Commissioner’s Office is the supervisory authority in the UK and can be contacted at
casework@ico.org.uk
. Attached below is the list of all European Union supervisory authorities to which a complaint may be made, together with contact details for same.
http://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/item-detail.cfm?item_id=612080