Remote Mouse Privacy Policy
Emote Interactive Studio built the Remote Mouse app as
                    a set of Freemium mobile app and computer software. This SERVICE is provided by
                    Emote Interactive Studio and is intended for
                    use as is.
This page is used to inform users regarding
                    our policies with the collection, use, and
                    disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use
                    our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree
                    to the collection and use of information in relation to this
                    policy. The Personal Information that We collect is
                    used for providing and improving the Service.
                    We will not use or share your
                    information with anyone except as described in this Privacy
                    Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings
                    as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at
                    Remote Mouse unless otherwise defined in this Privacy
                    Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service,
                    we may require you to provide us with certain
                    personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Email, password and social media username. The
                    information that we request will be
                    retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way.
The app does use third party services that may collect
                    information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers
                      used by the app
Google Play Services
Google AdMob
Log Data
In case of an error in the app, we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This may include information such as your device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
This Service does not use Cookies explicitly. However, third party services may use Cookies to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to accept or refuse these cookies.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services, or assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we strive to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us.
Account Access and Deletion
If you wish to delete your account, please
visit this page
for data deletion instructions. We strive to process all requests promptly and will assist you with any questions you may have regarding this process.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from
                    time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
                    periodically for any changes. We will
                    notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy
                    on this page. These changes are effective immediately after
                    they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about
                    our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
                    us at info@remotemouse.net.