We use cookies to improve the Bookmate website experience and our recommendations.
To learn more, please read our Cookie Policy
.
Accept All Cookies
Cookie Settings
Users:
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Rightholders:
Copyright
Takedown Notice
Counter Notice
Conditions at Bookmate
Here you may examine terms of Bookmate operation and understand the legal basis of its functionality. We recommend You to read the whole text. For quick reference, you may read our comments on the right. The best way to get required clarifications is to contact us directly via
support@bookmate.com
.
ATTENTION, NOTICE TO USER: THIS IS AN AGREEMENT GOVERNING YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH BOOKMATE, AND USE OF THE SERVICES, AS DEFINED BELOW, PROVIDED TO YOU BY BOOKMATE. YOU MAY USE THE SERVICES ONLY ON THE CONDITION THAT YOU REVIEW AND ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED HEREIN, INCLUDING PRIVACY POLICY. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THESE SERVICES. USING THESE SERVICES INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS COLLECTED AND PROCESSED FOR THE PURPOSES PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS (“TERMS OF SERVICE”), DO NOT USE THESE SERVICES.
These Terms of Service Agreement is a legal agreement between You, either an individual or an entity (the “You” or “User”), and Bookmate Limited, C 4D, Nutgrove Office Park, Rathfarnham, Dublin, D14 W6K3, Ireland, Company No. 596747 and its affiliates (the “Bookmate”), regarding the Services, as defined below. Bookmate holds the Website www.bookmate.com including all Bookmate’s domains included within this Internet website (“Website”), and all information, graphics, documents, text, products, services and all other elements of the Website and all products offered on this Website and Services operated through the Website and related plug-ins, add-ons and applications (e.g. Bookmate Mobile Application) (the “Services”), available for You subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, including Privacy Policy, being an integral part thereof (the “Agreement” or “Terms of Service”). By using the Services, You confirm that you are above the age of 18, agree to be bound by the following Terms of Service and all terms and conditions contained and/or referenced herein or any additional terms and conditions set forth on the Website, and you acknowledge that we will use your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Policy, as may be required to provide the Services under the Agreement. If You do NOT agree to all these Terms of Service, You should NOT use the Services. If You do NOT agree to any additional specific terms which apply to particular Bookmate’s Content (as defined below) or to particular transactions concluded through the Website, then You should NOT use the part of the Website and/or Services which contains such Bookmate’s Content or through which such transactions may be concluded and You should NOT use such Bookmate’s Content or conclude such transactions. Also, when You use any current or future Bookmate’s Services or visit Bookmate’s Websites or obtain any products or services, whether free of charge or for payment, of Bookmate or any business affiliated with Bookmate, whether or not included in the Website, You will be subject to the guidelines and conditions applicable to such services or business.
If you are using Bookmate you agree to accept this Agreement, you acknowledge the content of the Privacy Policy, and know that we use your personal data as required to provide the Services under the Agreement.
These Terms of Service, including Privacy Policy, may be amended by Bookmate at any time. Such amended Terms of Service shall be effective according with the notice of amendment. Also, specific terms and conditions may apply to specific content, products, materials, services or information contained on or available through this Website (the “Bookmate’s Content”) or transactions concluded through this Website. Such specific terms may be in addition to these Terms of Service or, where inconsistent with these Terms of Service, only to the extent the content or intent of such specific terms is inconsistent with these Terms of Service, such specific terms will supersede these Terms of Service.
Bookmate reserves the right to make changes or updates with respect to or in the Content of the Website or the format thereof at any time without notice. Bookmate reserves the right to terminate or restrict access to the Website or any portion thereof for any reason whatsoever at its sole discretion.
We are entitled to amend this Agreement and the Privacy Policy. You will be notified on such changes.
Bookmate is a virtual book club where you can upload, store, read electronic books and listen to audiobooks (the “Books”). All Books in Bookmate are protected by copyright law and cannot be downloaded and distributed outside the Service.
Books available on Bookmate may be used only via Bookmate.
Access to the Services may be granted only to physical entities. Please note that one (1) account shall be used only by one (1) physical entity. Thus, your account on the Bookmate Service is a personal not multiuser, and it’s prohibited by these Terms of Service to give access to your account to other persons. Your use of the Website and/or Services, including but not limited to storing cached content, is limited to three (3) devices. You may not transfer copies of cached content to any other device via any means.
Should You attempt to break these Terms of Service, Bookmate has the right to block or delete your personal account without any explanation.
Bookmate Service is only for physical entities. Your account shall not be used by other persons and no more than on three devices.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitations, so the above limitations may not apply to You.
Laws of your country may differ from these Terms.
ALL CONTENT AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.” BOOKMATE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR AS TO THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENT. BOOKMATE DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS AS TO THE SECURITY OF THIS WEBSITE OR SERVICES. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY INFORMATION SENT MAY BE INTERCEPTED IN TRANSMISSION OR OTHERWISE. BOOKMATE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVERS OR ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS SENT BY BOOKMATE ARE FREE FROM VIRUSES OR ANY OTHER HARMFUL ELEMENTS. Except as agreed by Bookmate in writing, contractors, agents, dealers or distributors of Bookmate or any other third party shall not have a right to modify this limited warranty, nor to make any additional warranties.
We make no warranties regarding Bookmate. It’s your choice.
THE USE OF THE SERVICES OR THE DOWNLOADING OR OTHER USE OF THE WEBSITE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND WITH YOUR AGREEMENT THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM, YOUR SITE, LOSS OF DATA, OR OTHER HARM THAT RESULTS FROM SUCH ACTIVITIES. BOOKMATE ASSUMES NO LIABILITY FOR ANY COMPUTER VIRUS OR OTHER SIMILAR SOFTWARE CODE THAT IS DOWNLOADED TO YOUR COMPUTER FROM THE WEBSITE OR IN CONNECTION WITH SERVICES. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM BOOKMATE OR FROM THE WEBSITE OR SERVICES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TERMS OF SERVICE.
Internet is dangerous and we hold no liability for your damages.
The Website may contain references to specific Bookmate products and Services that may not be (readily) available in a particular country. Any such reference does not imply or warrant that any such products or services shall be available at any time in any particular country. Access to Bookmate and territorial restrictions depend on the country where you activated your subscription. If your residence has changed to another country, please appeal to our technical support.
Bookmate is not available in a few countries.
You understand and agree that by using the Website and Services and products contained therein, You may be exposed to Bookmate’s Content that You may find offensive, indecent or objectionable and that, in this respect, You use the Website, services and products at Your own risk.
Books may be explicit and obscene.
IN NO EVENT SHALL BOOKMATE OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, CONTRACT, REVENUE, DATA, INFORMATION OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION), UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, RESULTING FROM, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEBSITE OR THE BOOKMATE’S CONTENT, PRODUCTS, SERVICES, THE STATEMENTS OR ACTIONS OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON OR THROUGH THIS WEBSITE, ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSION OR DATA, ANY INFORMATION THAT IS SENT OR RECEIVED, OR NOT SENT OR RECEIVED, ANY FAILURE TO STORE DATA, ANY LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OR DAMAGE TO FILES, LOSS OR DAMAGE TO THE BOOKMATE’S CONTENT, ANY SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE WEBSITE THAT ARE DELAYED OR INTERRUPTED, EVEN IF BOOKMATE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. ANY ACTION BROUGHT AGAINST BOOKMATE PERTAINING TO OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS WEBSITE MUST BE COMMENCED AND NOTIFIED TO BOOKMATE IN WRITING WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE DATE THE CAUSE FOR ACTION AROSE.
We are not liable for your Bookmate experience.
YOU HEREBY WARRANT THAT: (i) ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED BY YOU TO BOOKMATE IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE IS TRUE AND ACCURATE; (ii) YOU HAVE FULL POWER AND AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO THE TERMS OF SERVICE; (iii) YOU WILL SEEK ALL NECESSARY GOVERNMENTAL APPROVALS REQUIRED TO EFFECTUATE THE TERMS OF SERVICE; (iv) YOU SHALL PERFORM ALL OF YOUR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE TERMS OF SERVICE IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS; (v) YOU ARE OVER 18; AND (vi) YOUR MATERIALS, TEXT, GRAPHIC, AUDIOVISUAL, AND OTHER CONTENT (“YOUR CONTENT”) THAT IS UPLOADED BY YOU AND THAT IS NOT PROVIDED BY BOOKMATE, OR WEBSITE DO NOT (1) INFRINGE ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY, (2) CONSTITUTE DEFAMATION, LIBEL OR OBSCENITY, (3) RESULT IN ANY CONSUMER FRAUD, PRODUCT LIABILITY, BREACH OF CONTRACT TO WHICH YOU ARE A PARTY OR CAUSE INJURY TO ANY THIRD PARTY, (4) PROMOTE VIOLENCE OR CONTAIN HATE SPEECH, (5) VIOLATE ANY APPLICABLE LAW, STATUTE, ORDINANCE, OR REGULATIONS, OR (6) CONTAIN ADULT CONTENT OR PROMOTE ILLEGAL ACTIVITIES.
Please don’t’ upload any illegal content.
The term of these Terms of Service (“Term”) shall begin when You start using the Services and shall continue in perpetuity unless otherwise terminated by Bookmate by written notice. Bookmate expressly reserves the right to change, suspend or discontinue all the Service or portion thereof, at any time, and may terminate Your use of the Service at any time. Without prejudice to any other rights, these Terms of Service will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with any of the limitations or other requirements described herein. Upon any termination or expiration of these Terms of Service, You must immediately cease using the Services including without limitation any use of Bookmate’s trademarks, trade names, copyrights and other intellectual property.
UPON TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT YOU WILL NO LONGER BE AUTHORIZED TO USE THE SERVICES IN ANY WAY.
This agreement may expire.
In order to use the Services, You may need to obtain and/or use certain third-party products, services and/or materials (“Third Party Materials”). Third Party Materials are (i) not licensed hereunder; (ii) not under Bookmate’s control or license; and (iii) subject to the applicable licenses and respective terms and conditions of such third parties which You need to enter into prior or subsequent to the installation and/or use of the Third Party Materials and prior to the effective use of the Services. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, nothing in these Terms of Service shall be construed as to grant You any rights or licenses with regard to such Third Party Materials or to entitle You to use such Third Party Materials.
Some applications may be required to make Bookmate run on your device.
Copyright, trademark and all other proprietary rights in the Services and/or Bookmate’s Content (including but not limited to software, services, audio, video and text) rest with Bookmate and/or its licensors. Unless otherwise specifically provided herein or authorized by Bookmate in writing, all rights in the Services and/or Bookmate’s Content not expressly granted herein are reserved. You agree not to copy, republish, frame, make available for download, transmit, modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, assign, distribute, license, sublicense, reverse engineer, or create derivative works based on the Services and/or Bookmate’s Content. All copyright and other proprietary notices shall be retained on all reproductions.
You are not given any unmentioned rights for our content.
Bookmate hereby disclaims any rights to trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, copyright, patents, domain names or other intellectual property interests of third parties. All intellectual property interests of third parties referenced herein, including without limitation Third Party Material are the properties of their respective owners. Bookmate disclaims any proprietary interests in the intellectual property rights other than their own.
We don’t claim any rights for third-party content either.
Bookmate shall conspicuously display graphics that indicate that the Service is provided by Bookmate under the guidelines that may be communicated to You from time to time by Bookmate. Such attribution must provide a direct link to the Website or such other address as Bookmate may designate from time to time.
Bookmate has a logo.
You may from time to time provide suggestions, comments or other feedback to Bookmate with respect to any product, material, software or information provided by Bookmate (hereinafter “Feedback”). You agree that all Feedback is and shall be entirely voluntary and shall not, absent separate agreement, create any confidentiality obligation for Bookmate. However, Bookmate shall not disclose the source of any feedback without the providing party’s consent. Bookmate shall be free to disclose and use such Feedback as it sees fit, entirely without obligation of any kind to You. The foregoing shall not, however, affect either party’s obligations hereunder with respect to the information protected pursuant to any Bookmate’s privacy policies posted on the Website.
You feedback is welcome.
You have the opportunity to leave messages on your behalf (impressions, notes to quotes, publications on the bookshelves, comments). By posting this information, including your personal data, you acknowledge and agree that this information may be available to other Internet users, taking into account the peculiarities of the architecture and functionality of the Service.
You may leave comments, impressions and make quotes in the Service.
You have the opportunity to create public bookshelves on the Service - public pages for the purpose of informing other users about the information posted on these public pages, organizing discussions, exchanging opinions, reviews, etc. (bookshelf content).
In the process of informing and discussing, users are obliged to comply with applicable law, as well as post only such information that complies with this Agreement, as well as recognized ethical standards and principles of morality, including those related to those in the opinion of Bookmate.
The bookshelf, including its description, banner, messages and discussions contained on it, must not contain content in whole or in parts without the prior permission of the respective copyright holder, third-party commercial and political advertising, as well as information provided for in clause 4 of this section below. The user administering the bookshelf is obliged to independently monitor and suppress the placement of information that does not comply with the Agreement, and, if necessary, inform Bookmate support service about the corresponding violations.
Native integrations are allowed on the bookshelf. Native integration for the purposes of this Agreement is the organic implementation of the object of promotion of a third party (goods / services / works, means of individualization of a legal entity and (or) goods / services / works, manufacturer or seller of goods / services / works, results of intellectual activity or an event of a third party (including a sports competition, concert, competition, festival)) without an obvious emphasis on it in the content of the bookshelf, which has a theme and style and has an independent semantic value. Integrations that do not comply with this Agreement shall be recognized as third-party advertising.
When placing native integrations, the user must comply with the following requirements:
the implementation of the object of promotion is allowed provided that the overall style of the bookshelf remains unchanged, and the integration is not dominant in the content of the bookshelf;
native integrations of promotion objects that violate the Agreement are not allowed;
the implementations of third-party activities shall not be recognized as native integrations if among the mandatory conditions for participation in them there are instructions for the following actions: subscribe to the community; make a purchase; put "Like"; share the recording.
The content of native integrations must meet the following requirements:
native integrations should not be obviously advertising in nature, i.e. get the main attention within the content of the bookshelf;
information material with native integration should fully correspond to the theme of the bookshelf and, have an independent semantic value, harmoniously fitting into the style;
native integrations may contain hyperlinks to third-party resources for additional information, however, following those should not be a prerequisite for obtaining basic information.
You may create bookshelves under the terms of this Agreement.
In case of discovery of the fact of violation of the legal rights and interests of third parties, the current legislation in accordance with this Agreement, as well as the provisions of the Agreement, Bookmate has the right to take the following measures at its option, both separately and, if necessary, jointly, depending on the nature and the frequency of the corresponding violations:
remove Content and other information from the bookshelf page;
block the access of the User administering the bookshelf to the bookshelf;
exclude the bookshelf from the search engine and / or block the bookshelf;
prohibit the publication of any links and / or clicking on them and / or placement of information materials (audio and video materials, documents) on the bookshelf for any period;
exclude bookshelf from the recommendation list and restrict the visibility of the bookshelf entries;
delete comments, reviews and impressions of users that, in the opinion of Bookmate, violate and / or may violate the legal rights (honor, business reputation, etc.) of Bookmate, copyright holders and third parties.
If you violate the provisions of the Agreement and the requirements of Bookmate, Bookmate reserves the right to take measures to prevent and exclude violation of rights of Bookmate, copyright holders and third parties.
The User has no right to upload, store, publish, distribute and provide access or otherwise use any information on the Service that:
contains threats, calls for violence, including hidden ones, approval and encouragement of violent actions, discredits, offends, denigrates honor and dignity or business reputation, or violates the privacy of other Users or third parties;
violates the rights of minors;
is vulgar or obscene, contains pornographic images and texts or scenes of a sexual nature involving minors;
contains scenes of inhuman treatment of animals;
contains a description of the means and methods of suicide, any incitement to commit it;
promotes and / or contributes to the incitement of racial, religious, ethnic hatred or enmity, based on gender, orientation, as well as other individual characteristics and characteristics of a person (including issues of his health);
contains extremist materials;
promotes criminal activity or contains advice, instructions or guidelines for the commission of criminal acts;
contains information of limited access, including, but not limited to, state and commercial secrets, information about the private life of third parties;
contains advertisements or describes the attractiveness of the use of drugs, including "digital drugs" (sound files that affect the human brain through binaural beats), information about the distribution of drugs, recipes for their manufacture and advice on use;
can potentially lead to the commission of illegal actions by misleading Users or abuse of their trust;
and also violates other rights and interests of citizens and legal entities or the requirements of current legislation in accordance with the Agreement.
You have no right to upload, store, publish, distribute and provide access or otherwise use any illegal information on the Service.
If You believe that Your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide Bookmate’s Copyright Agent the written information specified below. Please note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying Bookmate and its affiliates and its licensors that Your copyrighted material has been infringed.
An electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
A description of the copyrighted work that You claim has been infringed upon;
A description of where the material that You claim is infringing is located on the Website;
Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
A statement by You that You have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement by You, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in Your notice is accurate and that You are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Claims of copyright infringement on this Website can be sent as follows:
BOOKMATE LIMITED
C 4D, Nutgrove Office Park, Rathfarnham, Dublin, D14 W6K3, Ireland;
Company No. 596747;
Email:
copyright@bookmate.com
We respect copyright owners. Please contact us in case of any infringement.
You hereby grant Bookmate and Bookmate accepts a non-exclusive and fully transferable, sublicensable and assignable royalty free right to store, load, adapt, modify, revise, transform, alter, create derivative works, install, execute, display and share with any third party or other users of Bookmate’s Services and/or Website (to “Use”) Your Content in connection with the Bookmate’s Services, on the Bookmate’s or its affiliates’ websites in connection with Bookmate’s products and Services pursuant to the terms and conditions of these Terms of Service with the right to sublicense to sublicensee(s) and end users any rights granted hereunder substantially on the terms and conditions set forth herein (the “License”).
You give us a limited license for everything you upload.
You may not use the Website and/or Services for any purpose that is unlawful, prohibited by these Terms of Service, or in any way interferes or attempts to interfere with the proper working of this Website and/or Services. You may not use this Website and/or Services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair this Website and/or Services, or that interferes with any third party’s use and enjoyment of this Website and/or Services. You agree that You will not use any third-party software that intercepts, “mines,” or otherwise collects information from or through the Website and/or Services. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available by Bookmate to all users of this Website and/or Services. You shall not institute, assist, or become involved in an attack upon any Bookmate server or otherwise attempt to disrupt the Bookmate servers. ANY ATTEMPT BY YOU TO DAMAGE BOOKMATE SERVERS OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF BOOKMATE IS A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS AND, SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE OR ASSISTANCE FOR SUCH AN ATTACK BE PROVIDED, BOOKMATE RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES FROM ANY SUCH USER TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
Don’t break the law.
Text & Data Mining (TDM) of the Books available on our Service is strictly prohibited. This prohibition encompasses any form of automated or systematic extraction, copying, or analysis of textual and data content from our platform for research, analysis, or any other purpose, without explicit written permission from the content owner or Bookmate.
Please be advised that this prohibition is in place to protect the intellectual property rights and interests of authors, publishers, and the platform itself. Engaging in TDM activities without proper authorization may constitute a violation of copyright and intellectual property laws.
If you are interested in conducting TDM on the Books available on our Service, we kindly request that you contact us to discuss the possibility of obtaining the necessary permissions and licenses for your research or analysis.
Failure to comply with this prohibition may result in the suspension or termination of your access to our Service and legal action as deemed appropriate.
We appreciate your understanding and cooperation in upholding the integrity of our platform and respecting the rights of content creators. If you have any questions or require further information, please do not hesitate to reach out to our support team –
support@bookmate.com
.
You may not use the Books available on the Service for text and data mining (TDM).
You hereby agree to indemnify and hold harmless Bookmate, its affiliates, officers, directors, agents, and employees, from any expense, loss, claim, damage, fine, penalty or liability, including reasonable fees for attorneys and other professionals, payable under any judgment, verdict, court order or settlement, to the extent resulting from any claim, demand, action, suit, arbitration, or other proceeding initiated by any third party, including the assessment, claim or demand by a governmental agency or entity, arising out of Your breach of these Terms of Service and/or Your Content, including without limitation infringement by Your Content of any third-party intellectual property and/or proprietary right, including, but not limited to, patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, publicity and/or privacy.
We are not liable for your actions.
Linking to the Website is permitted provided that You comply with the following rules. You may link to the home page of the Website or to any other page of the Website. However, You are not allowed to use in-line linking (or hot-linking) or framing. You must not imply that Bookmate endorses or sponsors the linker or its site, products or services. You must not use Bookmate’s intellectual property including but not limited to trademarks, trade names, copyrights without advance written permission from Bookmate or as otherwise provided herein. Furthermore, You agree to remove the link at any time upon Bookmate’s request.
You may provide links to Bookmate.
These Terms of Service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Ireland without regard to its principles of conflict of laws. You agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Ireland for any claim or cause of action arising out of, or relating to or in connection with these Terms of Service or this Website, provided that such exclusivity does not apply to legal actions initiated or brought by Bookmate.
Bookmate does not bear any responsibility nor assumes any risks if by any reason a Service or the Website breach national law of any state. Those who access this Website or use the Services do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with their national laws.
We are subject to specific jurisdiction, please comply with your local laws.
Bookmate’s products may be subject to U.S. export and re-export control laws and regulations and/or similar laws applicable in other jurisdictions, including the Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”) maintained by the U.S. Department of Commerce, trade and economic sanctions maintained by the Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (“ITAR”) maintained by the Department of State. You warrant that You are (1) not located in Crimea region, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, or Syria; and (2) are not a denied party as specified in the regulations listed above.
You agree to comply with all applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations, including the EAR, trade and economic sanctions maintained by OFAC, and the ITAR. Specifically, You agree that you shall not – directly or indirectly – sell, export, re-export, transfer, divert, or otherwise dispose of any products, software, or technology (including products derived from or based on such technology) received from Bookmate under these Terms of Service to any destination, entity, or person prohibited by any applicable laws or regulations of the United States or any other jurisdiction without obtaining prior authorization from the competent government authorities as required by those laws and regulations. This export control clause shall survive termination or cancellation of these Terms of Service.
Bookmate’s products may be subject to export and re-export control laws of different jurisdictions. You agree to comply with all applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations.
All rights and privileges provided herein to You under these Terms of Service are subject to your compliance with all of the terms and conditions and payments of applicable fee, if any, to Bookmate, provided however, that Bookmate expressly reserves the right to provide the Services free of charge during the Term, and further provided, that Bookmate, solely at its own discretion may elect to provide the same or similar Services for a fee. Bookmate will not provide refunds of the fees you have paid for the Service.
The service is provided for free or for a fee. We may change it any time. Service fee is not refunded.
You may use different payment methods, including banking cards provided by third parties. The payment data is processed by you directly to such third parties on terms and conditions, specified by such parties, and is not stored on Bookmate servers. Payment errors may occur due to actions of such third parties and Bookmate is not responsible for such errors or additional fees collected by such third parties. Upon successful payment you will receive an e-mail confirmation.
Payments are processed by banks and other payment agents. We are not directly responsible for storing your payment details and payment transactions.
You shall purchase the subscription to the Service only from the country of your residency - VPN services' usage for this purpose is prohibited.
In case Bookmate detects that user used VPN services to purchase the subscription from the country that differs from the user's residency, then Bookmate automatically makes a refund and contacts the user to clear up the situation.
Change of your country to purchase the subscription to the Service via VPN services is prohibited.
PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENT CAREFULLY. BY CONTINUING TO USE THIS WEBSITE AND SERVICES YOU WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE CONFIRMED THAT YOU (A) ARE ABOVE THE AGE OF 18, AND (B) HAVE ACKNOWLEDGED THIS PRIVACY POLICY AS AN INTEGRAL PART OF THE TERMS OF SERVICE.
Upon reading this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of the following:
who we are
what categories of personal data we collect
the purposes we use it for
the period of use and storage
third parties to whom the personal data may be disclosed, and relevant safeguards
options available for you to access, correct or delete your personal data
the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
the kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the personal data under Bookmate’s control.
If you have any questions, concerns or feel that there are certain problems or issues relating to compliance with this Privacy Policy, please submit a report by emailing at
privacy@bookmate.com
.
Reviewing this Policy will let you know the way your data is currently treated. Use this e-mail to contact us:
privacy@bookmate.com
. You are welcome.
Who is collecting the data?
Your data is collected by:
BOOKMATE LIMITED
C 4D, Nutgrove Office Park, Rathfarnham, Dublin, D14 W6K3, Ireland
Company No. 596747.
What data is being collected?
Minimum Identification/ log-in details required:
Login name;
And either of:
E-mail address OR
Social network log in data OR
Mobile phone number.
Profile data you choose to provide (totally optional):
Name
Age
Gender
E-mail address
Information received from connected social media: your friends on Bookmate
Information received from connected mobile number: your contacts on Bookmate.
Data we receive from your use of the service:
Your uploaded user content
Information on the books and audiobooks you read/ listen to
Your selected quotes, reviews and comments
Information automatically received from your device: device type, app log-ins, etc.
Your country information
Subscription type.
We do not:
collect any sensitive data, such as information about ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health or sex life or sexual orientation, etc.
perform regular and systematic monitoring of your data on a large scale.
What is the legal basis for processing the data?
We process your data on the basis of this Agreement between You and us, to the extent required for the performance of the Agreement and to make your experience is as enjoyable as possible.
Will the data be shared with any third parties/ transferred abroad?
We may transfer your data within the EU and abroad to:
Third Party Service Providers
Corporate Affiliates
During a Change of Control
To comply with Laws/ enforce our rights.
We make sure your data remains protected by law/ contract with the third party, like adequacy decisions and/or
standard contractual
clauses.
How will the information be used?
We will use the data only to ensure the Bookmate Service provided to You under the Agreement is as enjoyable as possible:
To provide you with Bookmate Service related information
To connect with you on Bookmate related business only
To improve and develop Bookmate Service
To provide tailored book recommendations
To protect our interests under the Agreement, and comply with the laws
To create statistics reports.
How long will the data be stored for?
Unless removed by you at any moment you wish, your data is stored until you terminate the Agreement by deleting your Bookmate account.
What rights do our users have?
As regards your personal data you have the rights to:
request access to all of your data (in a structured, machine-readable format), and we will provide it within 30 days (we may ask you to pass extra identification, to make sure no one else but you can receive it)
seek to update or correct your data (you can do it using Bookmate settings or ask us to do it for you at
privacy@bookmate.com
)
object to the processing of your data
request restriction of such processing and delete your data.
How can the data subject raise a complaint?
Subject to applicable law, you also have the right to (i) restrict our use of Information that constitutes your Personal Data and (ii) lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority or the Irish Data Protection Commissioner, which is Bookmate’s lead supervisory authority in the European Union. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area and believe we maintain your Personal Data within the scope of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you may direct questions or complaints to our lead supervisory authority:
Irish Data Protection Commissioner Office of the Data Protection Commissioner
Canal House, Station Road, Portarlington, Co. Laois, R32 AP23, Ireland
Phone +353 57 868 4757
Fax: +353 57 868 4757
Email:
info@dataprotection.ie
What measures we take to protect your data?
electronic firewalls
pseudonymisation
encryption
access levels, login/password procedures
confidentiality contracts with employees and service providers
backups.
Bookmate has a strong commitment to providing superior service to all of our customers and visitors and users of this Website and particularly respecting your concerns about privacy. We understand that you may have questions about how this Website collects and uses information and we have prepared this statement to inform you of the privacy principles that govern the Website. We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information or a list of our customers to third parties. However, as described in more detail below, there are limited circumstances in which some of your information will be shared with third parties, under strict restrictions, so it is important for you to review this Privacy Policy.
We shall regard your information with respect, but it may be involved in some business and development operations.
This Privacy Policy contains numerous general and technical details about the steps we take to respect your privacy concerns. We have organized this Privacy Policy by major processes and areas so that you can quickly link to the information of most interest to you. The bottom line is that meeting your needs and expectations form the foundation of everything we do — including protecting your privacy.
We are doing our best to treat your privacy in a respectful manner.
Personal information on this Website is collected by Bookmate and if after reviewing this Privacy Policy you have any questions or privacy concerns please send an e-mail to
privacy@bookmate.com
.
Yes, we really will answer your e-mails.
Bookmate wants you to be always aware of what personal information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it. All personal information, as further described below, that we collect and maintain will be subject to the version of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of such collection. Bookmate reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion, and will prominently post any material changes on the home page of the website and send you a notice. You will be given the opportunity to opt-out. If as the result of such changes, you want to alter the ways in which Bookmate is allowed to use your personal information, you can do so by following the procedure described in the Updating Your Personal Preferences section of this Privacy Policy (below). You will be deemed to have been made aware of, and will be subject to, the changes to the Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Website with the following exception: if at the time you provide personal information to Bookmate you limit how such information will be used to communicate with you, either by Bookmate or by third parties, Bookmate will not change your preference in this regard without your express consent.
We may amend this Policy, but you are able to amend your personal preferences.
Bookmate does not control the information collection and distribution policies on Internet domains other than those Internet domains that are under the control of Bookmate itself. When you are on the Website, you may be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. Bookmate is not responsible for any use of the information including click-stream data created when using such third party sites.
Bookmate contains links to other web sites which may threaten your safety. So you’d rather stay on Bookmate.
The Website may also contain advertising and other links to other web sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those other sites. Also we do not send random marketing emails to personal email addresses. The Website may contain hyperlinks to external web sites owned and operated by third parties. Bookmate has no control over or association with such third party sites and Bookmate is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness and quality of the information contained within them. Any and all contents on these external web sites do not reflect products, services or information provided by Bookmate. You should direct any concerns regarding any external link to the site administrator or webmaster of such site.
Use links to external resources at your own risk.
Bookmate allows users to upload their content onto the Website hosted on a “cloud” server only for private use (“User Content”). The hosting of User Content does not imply an endorsement, guarantee, warranty, or representation by Bookmate as to the legality, originality, or authenticity of the User Content. An owner and/or a user who uploaded the User Content bears all risks associated with such User Content, including, without limitation, its potential legal or other liability to Bookmate.
Don’t upload any illegal content.
When you are on the Website, certain content may be served by a third party. These third parties may also drop their own cookies and/or use web beacons, which may be used to identify some of your preferences or to recognize you if you have previously had contact with them. We do not control the use of such technology by third parties, the information they collect, or how they use such information.
Third parties are still able to collect and use your information while you are on Bookmate.
Bookmate will disclose personally identifiable information without your permission when required by law, or in good faith belief that such action is necessary to investigate or protect against harmful activities to Bookmate guests, visitors, associates, or property (including this Website), or to others. Laws related to personal identifiable information vary by country. For example, personally identifiable information collected in the European Union and its Member States is subject to the EU Directives concerning personal data, privacy and electronic communications, including but not limited to Directive 2002/58/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 July 2002 concerning the processing of personal data and the protection of privacy in the electronic communications sector and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) and the subsequent legislation adopted in the EU Member States.
Privacy laws are different in all countries, but in general Bookmate is under the Irish jurisdiction.
Bookmate may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide personally identifiable information to appropriate governmental authorities. If requested by law enforcement or judicial authorities, we will provide this information upon receipt of the appropriate documentation. Bookmate may also provide information to law enforcement to protect its property and the health and safety of individuals as permitted by statute.
Your information may be disclosed by order of official authorities.
The Website does not collect personally identifiable information from your computer when you browse the Website and request pages from our servers. This means that, unless you voluntarily and knowingly provide us with personally identifiable information, we will not know your name, your e-mail address, or any other personally identifiable information. We collect such information in order to make our Service function correctly and provide you the functionality that you see on this Website, as our servers use this information to deliver to you the pages on this Service. We also use this information to better understand how visitors use our Service and how we can better tune our Service, its contents and functionality to meet your needs.
Utilization of your data helps us to give you good service.
As a visitor to this Website, you can engage in many activities without providing any personal information as described above in the Browsing section of this Privacy Policy (above). In connection with subscribing to the services available on the Website or other activities, such as utilizing online software applications or purchasing or downloading any of the products and services available on the Website, Bookmate may ask you to voluntarily supply us with certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities and/or make any purchases. If you elect to engage in these activities or make purchases, however, Bookmate may ask that you provide us personal information, defined as any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains, including but not limited to your first and last name, mailing address (including ZIP code), e-mail address, and other personal information. This information is requested in conjunction with the purchase and registration of our Products or Services.
You may not disclose your personal data to us. In which case we won’t be able to provide you exceptional Service.
In addition, as noted below, minimum information is requested if you choose to subscribe to product updates.
Your data may be required to provide updates.
You never have to answer any questions, and you can decline this exchange of information at any time. However, if you should choose to withhold requested information, we may not be able to provide you with some of the services dependent upon the collection of this information. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity or purchase, you will not be able to engage in that activity or make such a purchase. Bookmate will inform you of the mandatory and/or optional character of the requested and/or required information.
We may need to identify you in some way to enable you to use Bookmate.
Bookmate is the sole owner of the information it gathers on the Website. Bookmate will only share your information with outside parties in ways that are described in this Privacy Policy or if we are required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law, cooperate with law enforcement agencies, or comply with a legal process served on the Website and the subsequent legislation adopted in the EU Member States.
We may have plenty of different reasons to collect your data.
When you use the Website, Bookmate or third parties authorized by Bookmate may also collect certain technical and routing information about your computer to facilitate your use of the Website and its services. When you surf the Internet, your Internet browser (such as Mozilla Firefox, Microsoft Internet Explorer, Safari or other) automatically transmits some information to Bookmate every time you access content on one of our internet domains within the Website. Examples of such information include the URL of the Web page you were just on (known as the “Referrer”), the IP (or Internet Protocol) address of the computer you are using, or the browser version you are using to access our site. All of this information may be collected by Bookmate and used to help improve our offerings to you.
Your browser and other applications collect and use your data. Bookmate may collect and use this information to improve offerings to you.
We use such data to facilitate and track your use of the Website and its services. Bookmate also uses such environmental variables to measure traffic patterns on the Website. Without expressly informing you in each particular circumstance, we do not match such information with any of your personal information.
We are focused on traffic patterns analysis, so your data may be used in creating these patterns.
Bookmate has the right to send you a periodic newsletter if you agreed with such communication manner, and information about the updated product. This newsletter is a marketing tool that allows Bookmate to inform you of new Products and Services, as well as other news relevant to the company. You have the right to unsubscribe from this mailing list by following the link given in the letter.
You might receive e-mails from us. There might be some important ones, so you’d better have a look. However, you can easily unsubscribe at any time.
When you submit personal information to Bookmate through this Website or related applications (e.g. mobile Bookmate Application), you understand and agree that this information may be transferred across national boundaries and may be stored and processed in any of theу countries in which Bookmate, its affiliates, subsidiaries and third party partners maintain offices. You also acknowledge that in certain countries or with respect to certain activities, the collection, transferring, storage, and processing of your information may be undertaken by trusted vendors of Bookmate. Such vendors are bound by contract not to use your personal information for their own purposes or provide it to any third parties.
Your data may be delivered to our affiliates, partners and vendors located in different countries with the purpose to fulfil the obligations to you.
Bookmate may establish relationships with various service providers whose services may become available to you from this Website or from other websites that are linked to this Website. Typically, these providers would offer services that Bookmate customers might find useful, such as those that can be used in conjunction with Bookmate services and products. In order to use those services, you may be required to provide personal information to the providers. Unless expressly provided to the contrary, personal information that you provide while you are visiting a provider's Website will be subject to the privacy policy posted on such site, and personal information that you provide while on this Website in conjunction with a provider's service will be subject to this Privacy Policy. For instance, the credit card information entered as part of the filling out the purchase form or registration process is collected by the third parties’ registration and/or merchant services and subject to their respective privacy policies. You should be aware that our agreements with these service providers often provide that they will share with Bookmate personal information collected from you. In such instances, Bookmate may use this information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Bookmate have a few features provided by other developers. They use your data on their own.
A personal account is required for reading and listening to the Books with preservation of settings of reading and listening; bookmarks; additions of the Books on the personal shelf; obtaining recommendations, news; accounting of statistical data of reading and listening; citation of the Books; to share on social networks and etc. on the Website. When you create a personal account, some information about your account activity will be provided to other users of Bookmate. For instance, other users may be able to view which content you have accessed via the Website. You can access, review, update and delete your personal account information online via the Website. If you wish to delete your personal account, you can go to: bookmate.com. You have the right to delete your personal information in part or in full, or change it at any time by logging into your personal account, where you can view and make changes to your personal information. We cannot guarantee that information in your personal account won’t be accessible to other users either by means of Service or by means of other services including the search engines.
You’ll have a personal account on Bookmate and you can delete your personal information in part or in full.
You have the right to access, correct, delete, or modify the personal information you provided to us and associated with your account by logging into your personal account. You can also access, correct additional account information by emailing us at
privacy@bookmate.com
.
You can access and correct all of your personal information.
As a registered user you have the right to access and change your personal preferences at any time by logging into your personal account.
Update your preferences if you’d like.
If you wish to delete your personal information in part or in full, please submit a request by emailing at
privacy@bookmate.com
. However, if you should choose to delete mandatory information, we may not be able to provide you with some of the services dependent upon the collection of this information.
Keep in mind that search engines and other third parties may still retain copies of your public information, like your profile information and public citations, even after you have deleted the information from our services or deleted your account.
You can delete your personal information in part or in full by request. However, some information is mandatory to use the Bookmate Service. Copies of your public information can be used by search engines and third parties even after you delete it from the Bookmate Service.
Bookmate provides you with a possibility to download your information in a portable, commonly used and machine-readable format (i.e. in an electronic format). You can submit a request by emailing us at
privacy@bookmate.com
and we will prepare the file within 30 days.
You can receive all of your information in portable format.
The Website and any products or services available on the Website are not directed at children under 18 years of age. If a person is under 18, he/she may use the Bookmate Service only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. However, since it is technically impossible to verify the age of each user, we recognize that children under the age of 18 may access this Website and subscribe to the newsletter or purchase products and services. The collection of this information is covered above. Parents and Legal Guardians may request us to terminate and delete their child’s account. You may do so by contacting us by letter (using the address information provided at the bottom of this page) or email to
privacy@bookmate.com
.
If you are under the age of 18, you may use the Bookmate Service only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. We can help limit your child’s access to undesired content on request.
Bookmate operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary, and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our users. Bookmate takes steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you use these services at your own risk.
We use common security standards, like most of online services.
We treat the information you provide to us as confidential information; it is, accordingly, subject to our company’s security procedures and corporate policies regarding protection and use of confidential information. After personally identifiable information reaches Bookmate it is stored on a server with physical and electronic security features as customary in the industry, including utilization of login/password procedures and electronic firewalls designed to block unauthorized access from outside of Bookmate. Because laws applicable to personal information vary by country, our offices or other business operations may put in place additional measures that vary depending on the applicable legal requirements. Information collected on the sites covered by this Privacy Policy is processed and stored in the EU and possibly other jurisdictions and also in other countries where Bookmate and its service providers conduct business. All Bookmate employees are aware of our privacy and security policies. Your information is only accessible to those employees who need it in order to perform their jobs.
We care about your privacy.
Bookmate collects your information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select.
We will use your e-mail address to send a confirmation and, if necessary, might use the other information to contact you for help to process the purchase or service you have selected.
If you subscribe to a service or upload a content, for example, the information is used to register your rights, if any, to technical support or other benefits that may be made available to registered users.
Your personal information is also used to keep you informed about new products, product upgrades, patches, special offers, and other products and services of Bookmate and selected third parties if you have so opted to receive such communications.
Read this if you‘re still unsure about your safety. We use your data to inform you about new products, upgrades, special offers, etc.
Bookmate may collect information about the use of the services offered via Website, such as the types of services used and how many users we receive daily. This information is collected in aggregate form, without identifying any user individually. Bookmate may use this aggregate, non-identifying statistical data for statistical analysis, marketing, or similar promotional purposes.
We use your data to create statistics reports.
Bookmate recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on this Website. Without your consent, Bookmate will not communicate any information to you regarding products, services, and special offers available from Bookmate or its affiliates, although we may find it necessary to communicate with you regarding your use of the services on this Website. Except in the particular circumstances described in this Privacy Policy, Bookmate will also not provide your name to other companies or organizations without your consent.
Privacy is important.
Bookmate does use the services of third parties (e.g. processing of purchase orders) that act as independent contractors on behalf of Bookmate.
You may also use your third party login accounts and passwords (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, Google or other) in order to register and login to the Website and use Bookmate’s services. These parties are contractually prohibited from using personally identifiable information for any purpose other than for the purpose Bookmate specifies. We do provide non-personally identifiable information to certain service providers for their use on an aggregated basis for the purpose of performing their contractual obligations to us. We prohibit the sale or transfer of personal information to entities outside of the Bookmate’s affiliates for their use without our approval.
We integrate third party features to Bookmate which process your information on their own.
Bookmate may disclose your personally identifiable information if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, a subpoena, or other legal process. Bookmate may also disclose personally identifiable information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating this Privacy Policy, the terms of your agreements with Bookmate or to protect the safety of our users and the public or under confidentiality and licensing agreements with certain third parties which assist us in developing, operating and maintaining the Website and its content.
Sometimes we disclose your data in order to comply with the laws or protect our users.
In the event that all or substantially all of Bookmate’s stock and/or all or substantially all assets are transferred or sold to another entity, Bookmate may transfer personally identifiable information to the acquiring entity. If, as a result of such a business transition, your personally identifiable information will be used in a materially different manner, you will be given choice consistent with our policy regarding notification of changes.
If Bookmate changes its owners, the new team can make any new arrangements in Privacy Policy.
You can always choose whether or not to disclose personally identifiable information and that choice will not prevent you from using the Website. Please note, however, if you should choose to withhold requested information, we may not be able to provide you with some of the services dependent upon the collection of this information and you will be given an opportunity to “opt-in” and make your preference choices for any items that are optional and which are not prerequisite for our rendering such services.
It’s your choice to use Bookmate and provide personal data.
You can choose at any time to opt out of receiving emails from Bookmate or from having your personally identifiable information shared with selected companies. If you want to opt out, you can do so by editing your preferences with respect to email or the sharing of information. If you elect to “opt out” we will not, as applicable, share your personal information with third parties or send you emails. However, we may continue to use your personal information for internal purposes, to enhance your user experience or as necessary to administer the site or comply with applicable law.
You can opt-out of receiving e-mails.
We reserve the right to send a one-time registration confirmation email, and infrequent Service Alert messages to users to inform them of specific changes that may impact their ability to use a service they have previously signed up for, regardless of email contact opt-in status. We also reserve the right to contact you if compelled to do so as part of a legal proceeding or if there has been a violation of any applicable licensing, warranty and purchase agreements.
Still there are some e-mails that we’ll send even if you unsubscribed.
Bookmate is retaining these rights because in limited cases we feel that we may need the right to contact you as a matter of law or regarding matters that will be important to you. These rights do not allow us to contact you to market a new or existing service if you have asked us not to do so, and issuance of these types of communications is rare.
Some of our e-mails may contain really important information.
If you do not wish to receive e-mails with updates and information, please click on the link of any letters sent by Bookmate.
You may also opt-out online by updating your personal account.
If you wish to opt out of receiving emails, the sharing or retention of any personal identification information, or otherwise change your personal preferences, you may contact Bookmate by email at
privacy@bookmate.com
.
To ensure that your request is honored, you must provide Bookmate with information sufficient for us to accurately identify and access your records. The information we require is your full name and the email address you provided to Bookmate. Bookmate reserves the right to contact you to verify that we have accurately identified your record.
Our e-mails contain links to unsubscribe.
We care about the protection of your personal data. We and our partners use cookies to operate our website, to make it easier to use, and to personalize content and ads. To maintain a high level of protection of your personal data and the relevance of information about cookies and their use by our Service, the content of this policy will change from time to time.
What are cookies and what do we use them for?
"Cookies" are short pieces of data that are generated by a web server and stored on your computer, phone, tablet or other device when you visit a website.
Cookies can be used for different purposes, and our purposes are described in this policy so that you can make the choice that suits you best.
It is worth noting that cookies have a limited duration, even the so-called persistent ones. The duration of each cookie used on our website is indicated in our policy below.
What kind of cookies do we use?
We have classified our cookies based on how we use them. You can opt out of participation in all but the necessary categories, but please read this policy to the end to find out how this will affect your experience of using the website.
Please note that our Cookie Policy may include more cookies than we actually use in your country.
Change or revoke consent in our cookie policy
Your consent applies to all bookmate domains.
If you have questions and / or you need help with matters related to this Cookie Policy, you can contact us by email at
privacy@bookmate.com.
Necessary (16)
These cookies are essential for our website to function. For example, they allow you to log into your account securely. A cookie is also used to store your consent to the use of cookies. Since these cookies are essential, you cannot opt out from them.
__stripe_mid, __stripe_sid
Set by bookmate.com for a term of 1 year. Used for the operation of the payment system.
m
Set by stripe.com for a term of 2 years. Used for the operation of the payment system.
recent-views, scfc, _ga_SEKFWD1C9J, machine_identifier, docs.prefs, __stripe_orig_props, lang, private_machine_identifier
Set by stripe.com for a term of 1 year. Used for the operation of the payment system.
tmr_reqNum, tmr_lvidTS, tmr_lvid
Set by bookmate.com for a term of 1 year. Used to keep the site running.
_csrf
Set by bookmate.com for a term of 1 year. Used for security (to prevent requests for other resources from being forged using other cookies).
bms
Set by bookmate.com for a term of 1 year. Used to store the user's session.
Marketing (5)
These cookies are essential to measure marketing performance and improve the relevance of our ads and content recommendations. For example, these cookies allow us to promote new works available on the Service that we think you might like or not show you advertisements for content you are already using.
Our advertising partners and the service providers we use to deliver our email also use marketing cookies on our site to personalize the ads you see on their networks and to track the number of website hits and site accesses using advertising. We encourage you to read their privacy and cookie policy.
If you opt out from these cookies, you may still be able to see our ads on third-party websites and applications, but they will not be personalized and you may miss out on exclusive offers targeted at users of our Service.
_fbp
Set by bookmate.com for a term of 3 months. Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
sb, datr, dpr, wd
Set by facebook.com for a term of 3 months. Contains a combination of a unique browser and user ID used for targeted advertising.
Analytics (29)
These cookies are essential in order to understand how our website is used and to improve your user experience. For example, these cookies allow us to count visits and find out which pages are the most and least popular.
_ym_isad
Set by bookmate.com for a term of 20 hours. Determines whether a User is running any ad-blocking software.
_ym_visorc
Set by bookmate.com for a term of 1 year. Used to keep the site running.
_ym_uid
Set by bookmate.com for a term of 1 year. Used to identify user on the website.
_ym_d
Set by bookmate.com for a term of 1 year. Used to store the first visit to the site.
aws-client-id
Set by bookmate.com for a term of 1 year. Registers data on the behavior of site visitors. Used for internal analysis and site optimization.
af_id
Set by appsflyer.com and onelink.me for a term of 2 years. Registers data on the behavior of site visitors. Used for internal analysis and site optimization.
_ga
Set by bookmate.com for a term of 2 years. This cookie is used to recognize unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as the client ID. It is included in every page request on a site and is used to calculate visitor, session, and campaign data for site analytics reports.
_gid
Set by bookmate.com for a term of 1 day. Stores and updates a unique value for each page visited and is used to count and track page views.
client-id
Set by bookmate.com for a term of 1 year. Registers data on the behavior of site visitors. Used for internal analysis and site optimization.
ym_visorc
Set by bookmate.com for a term of 30 minutes. Registers data on the behavior of site visitors. Used for internal analysis and site optimization.
afUserId
Set by bookmate.com for a term of 2 years. Registers data on the behavior of site visitors. Used for internal analysis and site optimization.
AF_SYNC
Set by bookmate.com for a term of 7 days. Registers data on the behavior of site visitors. Used for internal analysis and site optimization.
The last update of the Cookie Policy: 25 May 2021.
We have cookies and use them to improve the services provided to you.
Bookmate takes and addresses its users’ privacy concerns with utmost respect and attention. If you believe that there was an instance of non-compliance with this Privacy Policy with regard to your personal information or you have other related inquiries or concerns, you may write or contact Bookmate with an address of:
BOOKMATE LIMITED
C 4D, Nutgrove Office Park, Rathfarnham, Dublin, D14 W6K3, Ireland
Company No. 596747;
email:
privacy@bookmate.com
In your message, please describe in as much detail as possible the nature of your inquiry or the ways in which you believe that the Privacy Policy has not been complied with. We will investigate your inquiry or complaint promptly. Please note that if you provide Bookmate with inconsistent privacy preferences (for example, by indicating on one occasion that third parties may contact you with marketing offers and indicating on another occasion that they may not), Bookmate cannot guarantee that your most recent privacy preference will be honored.
The best way to solve anything is sending us a letter.
Bookmate is a book club where users may bring their own content and get an opportunity to read their books using the Service. Bookmate is the platform in providing legal access to a rich collection of books and audiobooks on major mobile platforms. We work with authors and publishers to provide them with an opportunity to get proceeds from their content. We are committed to fighting any infringements of rights or any other illegal activity under our Service.
Bookmate supports holders of copyright not only by promoting the content and paying proceeds from it, but also by preventing infringement of copyrights.
Every book uploaded by authors and publishers at Bookmate will be automatically compared with already uploaded files. If the rights for the book have been already registered, the book will not be published again.
Thus, it is crucial for us to receive full details of rights holders to prevent infringement of copyright.
Our mission is to provide legal services:
to holders of copyright, that is to promote digital books and audiobooks and collect and share proceeds from their distribution;
to readers, that is to provide them with the best in class applications for reading, listening and accessing a rich collection of the Books.
We continuously work to improve our technologies, so we shall keep providing rights holders with new opportunities to develop publishing and distribution of digital books and audiobooks.
It is Bookmate’s policy to fully comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and all other current copyright protecting laws. We shall immediately remove illegal content upon receiving a relevant takedown notification. We respect the rights of the rights holders and publishers and focus on developing lawful services to receive proceeds from the content at Bookmate Publisher
publisher.bookmate.com
.
If you believe that your copyright has been infringed, please let us know by sending a notification to
copyright@bookmate.com
, including the following:
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works are concerned, a full list of such illegally used copyrighted works (where possible, please specify the ISBN, the year of publishing, rights for translation of the content, where different from the source language).
Identification of the file that is claimed to be infringing the copyright or to be the subject of infringing activity that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled: the Bookmate URL.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
For your convenience there is a template of notification that you can fill out and send us:
Attention Bookmate:
This communication serves as a statement that:
I am
[the exclusive rights holder | the duly authorized representative of the exclusive rights holder]
for
[title of copyrighted material being infringed upon, and, if possible, additional identifying information such as ISBNs, publication dates, etc. — or, if the material is a web page, the URL]
;
These exclusive rights are being violated by material available upon your site at the following URL(s):
[URLs of infringing material]
;
I have a good faith belief that the use of this material in such a fashion is not authorized by the copyright holder, the copyright holder's agent, or the law;
I state that the information contained in this notification is accurate, and that I am authorized to act on the behalf of the exclusive rights holder for the material in question;
I may be contacted by the following methods:
[postal address, telephone number, and email address]
;
I hereby request that you remove or disable access to this material as it appears on your service in a relevant manner.
Thank you.
Regards,
[your full name or name of the company ]
To make sure that such action is necessary, please consult your legal counsel.
Bookmate shall comply with the copyright acts and we always promptly remove the illegal content, upon receipt of the corresponding notice. In case you consider that the work placed by you on the Bookmate has been removed by mistake, you may file a counter-notice which should contain the following:
User’s name, address, phone number, physical and electronic signature;
Name of the work, name of the author and other identification details of the work and its location on the Bookmate before it is removed or blocked (URL in Bookmate);
Statement under the penalty of perjury, that you have a bona fide belief that the work has been removed or blocked by mistake or due to false identification.
In case of counter-notice filled in in accordance with the requirements stated hereinabove, the Bookmate shall promptly resend your counter-notice to the person, who demanded to remove the work.
In case no suit has been filed against you by the person who sent the notice on copyright infringement within 14 days from the date of receipt of a copy of such counter-notice, then Bookmate shall recover the work, otherwise the work shall be subject to recovery prior to resolution of dispute between the Parties.
You may copy, fill in and send the following form of the counter-notice as a matter of convenience:
Attention: Bookmate Service:
The present message shall testify to the fact that:
I
[name of the user and/or organization’s representative]
am
[the owner of the exclusive right | duly authorized representative of the owner of the exclusive right]
specified in the notice on copyright infringement as of
[date]
in relation to
[description and author of the work which has been removed or blocked subject to the notice on copyright infringement, as well as additional identifying information and URL address, if available]
;
I have a bona fide belief that the work has been removed or blocked by mistake or due to its improper identification as the work to be removed or blocked and that the work does not violate any of the third parties’ rights
[statement specifying for what reason the work has been removed by mistake and for what reason the notice on copyright infringement has been sent by mistake]
.
I hereby declare that the information contained in the present counter-notice to the best of my knowledge and belief is true;
I hereby acknowledge that this counter-claim as well as all the details contained herein may be delivered to the person who made the notice on copyright infringement and/or its representative.
My contact details are as follows:
[correspondence address, phone number and e-mail]
;
I hereby require you to recover the work that has been removed from the service by mistake.
Thank you.
Yours respectfully,
[Full name, physical and electronic signature]
To ensure your rights you should send your counter-notice to Bookmate:
BOOKMATE LIMITED
C 4D, Nutgrove Office Park, Rathfarnham, Dublin, D14 W6K3, Ireland;
Company No. 596747;
Email:
copyright@bookmate.com
Please note that you may be held liable for the inflicted losses (including court and attorneys’ fees) for false counter-notice, submitted pursuant to the notice on copyright infringement. Accordingly, if you are not sure that the work does not infringe anyone’s rights, we advise you to consult a lawyer beforehand.
Bookmate shall reserve the right to remove the user’s account and to cancel his/her subscription in case of subsequent infringement of copyright.
All objects posted at the Bookmate service or on any web site that is an integral part of Bookmate (“the Website”), including design and interface elements (text, graphics, scripts, applications, sounds), literary works and other objects (“the Content”) is the exclusive property of Bookmate Limited and its affiliates (collectively the “Administrator”), users of the Service, authors of literary works and other rights holders. All rights for these objects are reserved.
No Content may be copied (reproduced), processed, distributed, represented, published, downloaded, transferred, sold or in any other way used, either in full or in part, without a prior written consent of the rights holder, except when the rights holder has expressly indicated that they agree that the Content can be freely used by any person.
Content posted at the Bookmate Service intended for private and non-commercial use may be used subject to preserving all copyright images or other notification of authorship, preserving also the name of the author and the Content unchanged.
You are not allowed to upload or in any other way make public (i.e. post on the Website of the Service) any Content from other websites, databases, other intellectual property if you do not own the rights for such use of the Content or do not have an explicit consent of the rights holder to such actions.
Any use of Content beyond private non-commercial use, without prior written consent of the rights holder, is strictly prohibited.
These conditions do not cover you from the moment you leave the Bookmate Website for other websites outside our Service.
If any Content posted on the website infringes copyright or rights of any other rights holders, the Administrator hereby confirms its readiness to remove such Content or temporarily disable access thereto at a grounded request of a person whose copyright or any other rights are infringed by such posting.
Please, send content takedown notifications if posting of the Content is infringing copyrights or other rights of a third party, to the Administrator at
copyright@bookmate.com
. If a notification is sent via e-mail it should include a signature of the claimant, either scanned from paper or digital, so as to identify the sender of the notification.
Notification to take down or disable access to certain content shall be deemed grounded if it contains the following:
A statement that content posted on the Website infringes copyright or any other intellectual property rights.
Jurisdiction of the copyright or other intellectual property rights.
Name of the content, URL of the content on the Website.
Indication of precise rights infringed and the manner of infringement.
Contact details, so that the Administrator could contact the complaining party
A statement that posting of content protected by copyright law on the website is not authorized by the copyright owner (or a third party competent to make such decisions on behalf of the rights holder) or is against applicable law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and that the complaining party has the copyright or other intellectual property rights to the content in question.
Upon receipt of such notification, the Administrator shall within 5 (five) work days either remove or disable access to the content in question, or, where the information provided in the notification is not sufficient or where there are doubts as to the powers of the complaining party, contact the sender of the notification for more information.
Agreements between the author (rights holder) and the Administrator or Administrator’s agents can be executed by exchanging signed documents, whether by original copies or through electronic document management systems. Independently of the option of choice for the author (rights holder), the Administrator advises all authors (rights holders) who intend to execute a relevant license agreement to contact the Administrator  at
copyright@bookmate.com
prior to such execution.
The users bear full liability for any content or any other information they upload on the website. The User must not upload, transfer or publish on the Website any Content if they do not have the rights for such actions either purchased or transferred to them in accordance with the applicable law.
When a user posts content on the website through the user interface, the Administrator shall not conduct checks if such content and the grounds for posting thereof comply with the present Conditions and the User Agreement. However, the Bookmate Administrator reserves the right to assess the content posted on the website and remove, move or restrict access to any content posted by users, without notice, at its discretion, for any ground or without a ground, where the Administrator believes that the essence or the very posting of the content on the Website constitutes a violation of the User Agreement, applicable law, or rights and legal interests of a third party.
Links to any websites, products, services, commercial or non-commercial information on the Website shall not be relied on as an approval or advice regarding such products (services) on the part of the Administrator.
Our comments to the right aren’t legally binding and intended to improve your understanding of this Policy. Please refer to official text for solving official issues.
fb2
epub
Drag & drop your files
(not more than 5 at once)