Website terms & conditions of use
Please choose from one of the following options:
General terms & conditions of our website
Terms & conditions of online customer account management
Terms and Conditions of Online/ Paperless Billing and Communications
Our website & app privacy notice
View our website and app privacy notice
Cookie notice
View cookie notice
Disclaimer
View disclaimer
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, personalise content, analyse site usage, provide social media features and assist in our marketing efforts. You can change your cookie preferences to enable or disable any of the functions mentioned by clicking "Manage My Preferences" or learn more in our Cookie Notice.
Cookie Notice
Manage My Preferences
Accept All Cookies
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.bordgaisenergy.ie/resources/website-and-app-privacy-notice:
Our website & app privacy notice
This Privacy Notice applies to the following Website and mobile application, operated by Bord Gáis Energy Limited of 1 Warrington Place, Dublin 2 (company number 463078):
https://www.bordgaisenergy.ie
(together, the “
Website
”)
We also operate the MyBGE mobile app (the “
App
”)
When you use the App or the Website, the data controller is Bord Gáis Energy Limited, which is part of the Centrica plc group of companies. We have created this privacy notice (the “
Privacy Notice
”) which applies to your use of the App and Website to demonstrate our firm commitment to data protection and the privacy of your information in compliance with data protection law. Please take the time to carefully read this Privacy Notice. Please note that your use of the Website is also subject to the
Website Terms and Conditions of Use
(the “
Terms
”). If you do not agree to the Terms, you should cease using the Website and App.
If you are not a customer of ours and you are just visiting one of our Website, this Privacy Notice is the only one which will apply to you. If you are a gas or electricity customer, or a Home Care customer, the Privacy Notices which will apply to you can be viewed on our
Data Protection
page.
Personal information we collect through our Website and App
Like most companies, we use cookies, pixels, and other similar technologies, to improve our website, follow up on incomplete orders, and to show you relevant adverts. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners, who may combine it with other information about you, to show you relevant ads on other websites, and to measure the performance of our advertising. You can see our Cookies Notice
here
.
On occasions like in the examples listed below, you may provide, amongst other things, your name, an email address or your postal address when you use our Website or App. When you do so, we will be processing only with your consent, and the type of information we collect and what we will do with it will always be clearly set out on the applicable online form or at the point of collection of the data:
if you fill out a form on any of the Website or App requesting information from or providing feedback to BGE;
if you register to become a member of the Rewards Club, you will register using personal information relating to your gas and/or electricity supply account (if you are a gas and/or electricity customer), or your home care account (if you are a home care customer);
if you participate in or use certain features accessible via the Website or App (for example, by submitting a web chat help request, social networking, surveys, promotions or competitions), you may be asked to provide some personal information;
if you are interacting with BGE using a third-party social network, such as Facebook or Twitter, you will be subject to cookies used by them. BGE is not responsible for the activities of third-party social networks so you should check the terms and privacy policies of those operators before use;
if you have an online account with us, you will need to provide log in details to use it.
What do we use your information for?
The browser analytics data collected about your computer or device is used for IT system administration, analytical and statistical purposes to help us understand our users' browsing actions and patterns. We do this because we have a legitimate business interest to ensure that our Website or App are functioning well and are useful.
Where you provide us information directly, we use this personal information only on the basis that you consent, where necessary, to:
respond to any queries you submit to us or, process any requests we receive from you;
to provide you with information regarding BGE products and services;
to provide you with rewards in conjunction with our Rewards Club;
if you have an online account, to allow you to securely use it for account management purposes;
as otherwise notified to you at the time you provide the information to us.
We keep your personal information for a reasonable period after you cease to use our Website or App but we will not keep it for any longer than is necessary and/or required by law.
If you are interacting with BGE using a third party social network, such as Facebook or Twitter, or if you click on a link to a third-party Website which is provided on any of our Website, you will be subject to cookies used by those third-party sites or social networks. We advise that you review the other website's privacy policies and terms before providing personal information. While every care has been taken to ensure the high quality and standard of websites to which we link, BGE takes no responsibility for the content of those websites and is not responsible for their policies or standards.
Who we share your Personal Information with
We share the browser analytics data with our commercial partners, agents and service providers to allow us to provide the services and for other purposes related to the running of our business so that they can create a better overall experience for our users. These third parties include our Website and App design, development, support and hosting contractors. We sometimes share your data with other companies in the Centrica group. If you are a member of the Rewards Club, we also supply your information to our Rewards Club partners.
BGE requires these third parties to comply with its instructions and we require that they do not use your personal information for their own business purposes, unless you have explicitly consented to the use of your personal information in this way.
Like most companies, we work with certain service providers who are located outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) in countries that have different standards and laws about protecting personal information. We will only do so in circumstances where we have entered into European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses so that we can ensure your data is protected.
Your rights in relation to your personal information
You have the following rights in relation to your personal information: (i) the right to be informed about how your personal information is being used; (ii) the right to access the personal information we hold about you; (iii) the right to opt-out of receiving direct marketing messages; (iv) the right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you; (v) the right to request the blocking or deletion of your personal information in some circumstances and; (vi) the right to request that we port elements of your data either to you or another service provider. To exercise any of the above rights, or if you have any questions relating to your rights, please contact us by using the details set out in the “Contacting us” section below.
If you are unhappy with the way we are using your personal information you can also complain to the office of the Data Protection Commission:
By post to Office of the Data Protection Commission, 21 Fitzwilliam Square South, Dublin 2, D02 RD28, Ireland
By phone +353 (0761) 104 800 or +353 578 684 800
By webform at https://forms.dataprotection.ie/contact
We are here to help and encourage you to contact us
dataprotection@bordgais.ie
or write to us at: Bord Gáis Energy, Data Governance Officer, P.O. Box 10943, Dublin 2 or call 01 611 01 01 to resolve your complaint first.
Security
BGE has taken all reasonable steps (including appropriate technical and organisational measures) to ensure the security of your communications with our Website and the protection of your personal information. Information held by our Website or App is stored on password-protected machines, behind a firewall and not accessible to the general public via the internet. However, the confidentiality and privacy of data passing over the internet or by email cannot be guaranteed. In accessing our Website or App and in availing of any of the services/information available on or via our Website or App, it is important to understand that email messaging and internet communication may not be free from interference by third parties and may not remain confidential.
Where we have provided you with (or where you have chosen) a username and/or password which enables you to access certain parts of our Website or App, you are responsible for keeping this password or username confidential.
Revisions to this Privacy Notice
BGE may revise this Privacy Notice from time to time. Any significant changes to this Privacy Notice will be posted here so you should periodically check this page to review the most recent and up to date Privacy Notice.
Version September 2020
For more information
For more on what you you need to know about using our website and app
Back to website terms
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, personalise content, analyse site usage, provide social media features and assist in our marketing efforts. You can change your cookie preferences to enable or disable any of the functions mentioned by clicking "Manage My Preferences" or learn more in our Cookie Notice.
Cookie Notice
Manage My Preferences
Accept All Cookies