Privacy Policy
General
The FloodWatch Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") is an informational document provided to you
                        ("you" and "your") from D5G Technology, LLC ("the Company" or "Company").
By using the FloodWatch service on any platform, you are indicating that you have read this Privacy Policy
                        and our Terms of Service (located at
https://www.floodwatchapp.com/legal/terms.html
).
                        This Privacy Policy states our stance on security and protection of your data.  If you have disagreements
                        on any points within this Privacy Policy, you should not use the FloodWatch service on iOS or any platform.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should
contact us
.
                        The only acceptable form of contact is via email.
Overview
We respect your right to privacy.  We collect as little data as possible in order to provide you with service.
Data Collected
FloodWatch only collects the bare minimum amount of data necessary to provide service.
                        Whenever possible, we will not record any logs or other audit information unless doing so
                        in order to provide service or support.
As of this writing, FloodWatch does not contain the concept of user accounts.  We are never
                        given access to your email address or other identifying information.  To that end, the data we
                        do collect may not be correlated to any personally identifiable information because data of
                        that nature is not collected or stored by FloodWatch or related applications.
As of this writing, data collected by FloodWatch includes:
IP address
When you use FloodWatch, your current IP address is recorded for logging purposes.  These logs may be
                        used for troubleshooting purposes, detecting attacks on our service, and for usage analysis.
Device identification information
As FloodWatch makes requests for stream gauge data and analytics purposes, your device's browser type
                        and version may be collected.  Additionally, some analytics vendors collect information on your operating
                        system version and other technical details in order to provide usage data across device types and
                        software versions.
User location coordinates
A user's location is only ever used when using functionality related to locating stream gauges, such as in a
                        map-based or similar view.  This location data is not logged, and it is never used by the Company or
                        distributed to external parties for anything outside of the course of providing service.
The data we collect from you is not shared with any other entity beyond those described in "Third-party Services" below.
Security
Secure Transmission
Any data transmitted to and from servers and services offered by the Company is transmitted
                        via HTTPS.
Any communcation with third-party services will be preferred over HTTPS, but may rely on transmission
                        via standard HTTP in order to provide service.  Whenever possible, HTTPS will be leveraged for all
                        third-party communication.
Third-party Services
The following third-party service providers are used within FloodWatch for iOS:
Apple, iOS App Store
: offering FloodWatch for iOS
Google AdMob
: advertising
Amazon Web Services
: operation of back end services
United States Geological Survey
: provider of stream gauge data
NOAA National Weather Service
: provider of stream gauge data
Flurry
: analytics and usage
Fabric
: analytics and usage
Amazon Pinpoint
: analytics and usage
European Union Usage
By using FloodWatch for iOS, you authorize us to collect, review, and store your information
                        outside of the European Union.
Consent
By using FloodWatch on iOS or any platform, you consent to our privacy policy.  You may also be prompted
                        to review and consent to the privacy policy within the application.
At the time of acceptance,
                        your IP address and device browser agent are stored, along with the date of acceptance.
                        This acceptance is not related back to any personally identifiable information as no such
                        data exists within FloodWatch for iOS.
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, you may email
feedback-floodwatch@d5gtech.com
.
Summary of changes
March 2019:
initial publication
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
feedback-floodwatch@d5gtech.com
.