OR
Murka Games is an international game development company that has been successfully producing social casino and casual games for over a decade. For several years in a row, Murka’s titles were called the most innovative in the category and ranked among top European companies:
• Top Publishers Award of App Annie’s 2021
• EGR Global North America Awards 2021
• Top 15 Social Casino Game Publishers by EKG
In 2019, Murka Games was acquired by the Blackstone Group, one of the world’s largest private equity firms.
Murka Games brings fun and joy to 5 million monthly players in more than 200 countries worldwide.
With ambitious creation plans in the mobile gaming industry, we are actively looking for new talents to join our team.
Infinity Slots
Launch year 2015
Slots Journey
Launch year 2020
ARK Casino
Launch year 2021
Scatter Slots
Launch year 2015
Slots Era
Launch year 2016
Scatter Hold’em Poker
Launch year 2016
Solitaire Play
Launch year 2020
Wordelicious
Launch year 2021
Braindoku
Launch year 2021
Your browser does not support the video tag.
Send Message
Game Product Analyst
Remote
Marketing Data Analyst
Poland
​Mobile User Acquisition Manager
Remote
Junior Slot Mathematician
Remote
Affiliate Lead
Remote
Senior Unity Software Engineer
Remote
Oct 25, 2023
@Murka
Anouncement
Oct 25, 2023
@Skybound
Murka has released Chronicles of Amber slot in partnership with Skybound
PRESS RELEASE
Founder & Chairman of the Board Anton Krasnyy Steps Down
[26.10.23] – Murka Games (“Murka” or “the Company”), the international social and
        casual game development company, today announced that after 14 years Anton
        Krasnyy has decided to step down from his role as Chairman of the Board
        effective immediately.
Since Anton founded Murka in 2009, the Company has grown from a small
        Ukraine-based start-up to a top 10 force in Social Casino with titles including
        Scatter Slots, Slots Era, Infinity Slots and Scatter Poker, successfully expanding
        its   Casual   Gaming   franchise   and   internationalizing   the   business   with
        headquarters   in   Cyprus.   In   2019,   funds   managed   by   Blackstone   Tactical
        Opportunities   acquired   a   majority   stake   in   Murka   to   support   this   growth
        trajectory. Today, Murka has over 400 employees, and c.2 million monthly active
        users.
In January 2021, Anton transitioned from Chief Executive Officer to Chairman of
        the Board, with Chief Operating Officer Barak David appointed Chief Executive
        Officer.
Anton Krasnyy, Founder and Outgoing Chairman of Murka, said
: “Since
        founding Murka 14 years ago, I have seen the Company grow beyond what I
        could have imagined. I am very proud of everything we have achieved and would
        like to thank the management team and all our incredible colleagues who have
        supported me and worked very hard to deliver exciting games to our player
        community. I leave my position knowing Murka is in very capable hands and look
        forward to following the Company’s progress in the years to come.”
Barak David, Chief Executive Officer of Murka, said:
“On behalf of the
        Board and our employees, I would like to thank Anton for his guidance and
        wisdom over many years. I have had the honour to work closely alongside Anton,
        whose   product   vision   and   leadership   have   shaped   the   strength   of   the
        organisation and of Murka’s top titles today. Anton leaves Murka in a strong
        position with huge opportunities ahead, and we wish him every success going
        forward.”
Topic. Choose from the list:
Support
Support
Business
Join Murka
Marketing
Say hi
Position. Choose from the list:
.Net developer
.Net developer
2d Artist
2D Promo Animator
Analyst (Data QA)
BI developer
Business Analyst
CRM Specialist
Data Scientist
Front-end developer
Game designer
Linux Administrator
PHP developer
Project Manager
Promo Designer
QA Automation
QA Engineer
Researcher
Support Specialist
UA manager
UI designer
Unity Animator
Unity Developer (Unity 3d Developer)
Unity Integrator
Other (type your option)
Attach File
Send Message
Please wait for a second...
Your message was sent!
Something went wrong :(
Try again later
DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
The “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” option is a provision of the CCPA that allows
        California residents to opt-out of the sales of their personal data.
This "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" page only covers California residents.
As described in our CCPA notice Murka does not "sell" Personal Information about our consumers as most people
        would typically understand that term. However, we do allow certain third-party advertising partners to collect
        information about consumers through our games and our website for purposes of serving ads that are more
        relevant,
        for ad campaign measurement and analytics, and for ad fraud detection and reporting. To the extent this practice
        may be interpreted to constitutea "sale" under the CCPA, please see below how you can submit your request to
        opt-out of sale.
You may submit your request through the following methods:
By contacting us at
privacy@murka.com
and providing the Required
          Information as indicated below in the form or
By submitting the form below.
FORM TO SUBMIT REQUEST TO OPT-OUT OF SALE
*Required Information
Is your primary residence in the state of California* (YES / NO)?*
Your valid California residence address:
Example format:
(234) 567-7890
Are you requesting on behalf of another person (YES/NO)*?
Any individual submitting this "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" request on
          behalf of someone other than
          themselves should include proof that they are authorized to make the request. This may be in the form of a
          written authorization signed by the person whom the individual is acting on behalf of or a valid power of
          attorney.
If you are an authorized agent of a California consumer, please attach the applicable authorization
          documents to this request by uploading them using the tool below:
Attach File
The information you provide here will only be used to process your opt-out of sale
          request.
By submitting this form, you agree that Murka may contact you and collect
          additional information regarding your request, to confirm your email address, and/or to verify your identity.
Penalty of Perjury Declaration*
I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the United
            States of America that the foregoing is true and correct and that I have the authority to execute this
            request.
Send Message
Once you make an opt-out request, you may change your mind and revoke your opt-out request any time by
        contacting us at
privacy@murka.com
.
If you do not want to receive interest-based in-application advertisements on your mobile device, you may also
        adjust the ad tracking settings on your device (such as turning on “Limit Ad Tracking”). You can also reset the
        “Advertising Identifier” (such as an IDFA) from your mobile device’s settings page, which will prevent
        continued use of existing behavioral data tied to your previous “Advertising Identifier.” To Limit Ad tracking
        on
        iOS Devices please follow the link
Limit Ad
          Tracking
. To
        opt out of personalized ads on Android devices follow the link
Opt-out of Personalized
          Ads.
To prevent third parties from delivering tailored web and mobile web advertising, you may also visit the
        opt-out tools provided by the
Network
          Advertising Alliance
and the
Digital Advertising Alliance
, or download apps, such
        as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s “AppChoices” app, that offer to provide you with controls regarding the
        collection and use of cross-app data for behavioral advertising.
These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Murka. Murka does not control or operate these tools or
        the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
Please wait for a second...
Your message was sent!
Something went wrong :(
Try again later
Page is not found! You can find all information on our
Home Page!
Or, would you like to play some Slots instead?
Score:
0
Show pay table
SPIN
250
200
150
100
75
50
40
30
CLOSE
Contact Us
Partnership
Career
Life style
Games
About us
Copyright © 2011-2025. All rights reserved.
Murka Games Limited.
Privacy policy
&
Terms of service
&
Ambassador Club 2019
&
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
About us
Games
Life style
Career
Partnership
Contact Us
Do Not Sell My Info
Privacy Policy
Murka Games Limited (“Murka”) is committed to protecting the privacy of its users (“users” or “you”). In this Privacy Policy, “Murka” refers to Murka Games Limited and its “Affiliates”, which shall mean subsidiaries, parent companies, joint ventures and other corporate entities under common ownership. We may also refer to Murka as “we” or “us”. This Privacy Policy has been created to inform you about how Murka, as the controller of your personal data, manages, makes decision in relation to, collects, stores, uses and protects the personal data you provide. This Privacy Policy applies whenever you use our “Services,” which means our games and applications, products, services, content, websites operated by Murka. Also, this Privacy Policy describes how you can access and update that personal data. Please note that, unless stated otherwise, the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited only to the personal data collected by Murka through your use of the Services. By using the Services, you acknowledge the use of your personal data as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Murka may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time. Murka Games Limited acquired substantially all of the business assets of Murka Limited on June 18th, 2019 and on that date became the new controller of any personal data that you had already provided Murka Limited. If you have any questions regarding how this acquisition affects the use of your personal data please contact
privacy@murka.com
.
Information Collected
Murka's primary objective in collecting user information is to provide and enhance its Services, and to enable users to enjoy its Services. When you install any of its Services, Murka may collect and record the information you provide to Murka, whether through the Services themselves, or through social networks or other third party services ("Account Information"). We may collect information about you directly from you and from third parties, as well as automatically through your use of our Websites, Applications or Services.
Information We Collect Directly From You and As You Play Our Games and Information We Collect About You From Facebook, or Google or other platform.
You have choices about the data we collect. When you are asked to provide personal data, you may decline. But if you choose not to provide the data that is necessary to provide a product or feature, you may not be able to use that product or feature. The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Murka, the choices you make, including your privacy settings, and the products and features you use. When you log into our mobile application through your relevant account, you will be asked to enter your relevant email address and password. Facebook or Google controls the information collected from you during the log-in process; Murka does not control the information that Facebook or Google collects from you. When you use any of our Applications (whether our mobile application or if you access our Facebook or Google application), we will collect the following information: (i) your Facebook or Google basic information (this includes your name, profile picture, gender, networks, user IDs, list of friends, date of birth, email address, and any other information you have set to public on your Facebook or Google account); (ii) your email address; (iii) posts to your Wall; (iv) posts in your news feed; and (v) other Facebook or Google data at any time even if you are not using Facebook or Google. Please note, if you allow Murka to have access to this information, then Murka will have access to this information even if you have chosen not to make that information public. For information about how Facebook or Google or other platforms may disclose your information, including any information you make public, please consult the Facebook or Google or other platform Privacy Policy. We have no control over how Facebook or Google or other platforms use or disclose the personal data you provide to it. We store the information that we receive from Facebook or Google, or other platforms along with other information that we collect from you or receive about you. We also collect information you provide to us and the content of messages you send to us, such as the feedback and product reviews you write, or questions and information you provide for customer support. When you contact us, such as for customer support, phone conversations or chat sessions with our representatives may be monitored and recorded.
Information We Collect Automatically. Cookies.
Like many websites, Murka may use "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer’s hard disk or your mobile device for record-keeping purposes. The Services may send cookies to a computer or a mobile device when a user accesses or views the Services. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to personal data for purposes such as improving the quality of Murka's service, tailoring recommendations to interests, and making the Services easier to use. Third party advertisers on the Services may also place or read cookies or other technologies on your browser, and those practices are subject to their own policies. We and our service providers may also employ other technologies including (i) web beacons, which allow us to know if a certain page was visited or whether an e-mail was opened; (ii) tracking pixels, which allow us or our advertising partners to advertise more efficiently and effectively by excluding our current users from certain promotional messages, identifying the source of a new installation or delivering ads to you on other websites; and (iii) local shared objects also known as flash cookies, which help us to reduce fraud, remember your in-game preferences and speed up load times.
Murka uses Google Analytics to recognize and count the number of website visitors and see how they move around the website. We do this only to better understand how you use the website and the Services, with a view to offering improvements; and to tailor our business and marketing activities accordingly, both generally and specifically to you. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the
Google Privacy & Terms web page
. To opt-out of Google Analytics -
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
.
For more information on how to limit the types of cookies you allow, please see “Opting out of Cookie Tracking” section.
The information types collected in accordance with the Services
may vary depending on the activity, and may include:
Your name;
Your social network or third party service user identification number;
Your mobile device’s unique identifier (UDID);
Transaction identifiers for purchases;
Your email address;
Your profile picture;
Your phone number; or
Any other relevant information included in your application, social network or other online profile. Additionally, Murka may acquire information from you through:
Your access and participation in message boards on a Service;
The contents of your Customer Support requests and messages; or
Your purchase of a virtual product of any type. Please note that because a third party site manages the purchases of virtual goods offered by the Services, Murka does not have access to your credit card details or any other billing information.
Murka may collect information about your use of its Services both in the course of game play and software usage. Murka may also invite you to share information about yourself, which may include but is not limited to:
Your age or date of birth;
Your gender;
Information about the hardware you may own;
Your favorite websites, friend information and fan pages; or
Any other information included in your application, social network or other online profile.
Other information Murka may collect includes your language, zip code, area code, location, and the time zone where the Services are used, as well as information about your computer, mobile device, software, platform, incident data, Internet Protocol (IP) address, network Media Access Control (MAC) address and connection, browser type, browser language, referring pages, exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time of this activity, so that Murka can better understand customer behavior and improve its products, services, and advertising. The Service may also record game play information such as your game session duration or your high scores. In addition to the information collected as described above, you may choose to share additional information about yourself throughout the Service, such as on message boards and in games. Any actions you perform with other players are considered public, and are solely at your discretion. If non-personal data is collected for an activity that also requires personal data, Murka may combine your non-personal data with your personal data in an attempt to provide you with a better user experience, to improve the value and quality of the Services, and to analyze how its Services are used. Murka may also receive either non-personal or public information from third parties in connection with market and demographic studies and/or data that Murka may use to supplement personal data provided directly by you.
Payment Information
For Murka's policy regarding the purchase of “virtual items”, “coins” or other “virtual currency”, please see Murka's
Terms of Service
. When you play Murka’s games or access any of our other Services on connected third-party applications or platforms (like Facebook, Apple, Google, etc), any purchases you make will be processed by that third-party application and subject to that third-party application’s terms of service and privacy policy. For these purchases, Murka does not receive your financial information, but may receive non-financial information related to your purchases, like your name, approximate physical location, and the items purchased. The information Murka receives depends on the Murka game you’re playing and the third-party application.
When you play Murka’s games or access any of our other Service on our website
infinityslots.com
, we are using third-party payment processor for processing payments. For more details please visit:
https://www.safecharge.com/privacy-policy/
. Murka may change such third-party payment processor in its sole discretion at any time. If such third-party payment processor is modified, Murka will update this provision when applicable. Our third-party payment processor will collect the billing and financial information it needs to process your charges. This may include your postal address, e-mail address and financial information. Murka does not collect or store your financial information, like credit card numbers. However, Murka’s payment processors may share non-financial information with us related to your purchases, like your name, billing address and the items purchased in order to fulfil your order.
Customer Support Correspondence
When you ask for help from our Customer Support team, we may collect and store the contact information you give them (i.e, your name and e-mail address, phone number), information about your game play or activity on our Services, and your social network or service user identification number (if any). We will also store the communications you have with our Customer Support team and any additional information in those communications in order to provide support and improve the Services.
How Murka Uses Your Information
Murka uses your information to fulfill your specific requests, purchase orders, and to send you purchase confirmation and other account-related information. In carrying out these purposes, we combine the data we collect to give you a more personalized experience. However, to enhance privacy, we have built in technological and procedural safeguards designed to prevent certain data combinations. For example, we store data we collect from you when you are unauthenticated (not signed in) separately from any account information that directly identifies you, such as your name, email address or phone number. In addition, the personal data you provide will allow Murka to send you messages regarding, amongst other things, new products, features, enhancements, special offers, upgrade opportunities, contests and events of interest. You may opt out of these communications at any time. Murka may also use personal and non-personal data, both individually and combined together, to better understand the behavior and preferences of its customers, to troubleshoot technical problems, to serve static and dynamic advertising, to enforce its Terms of Service, to ensure proper functioning of its products and services, as well as to help improve Services and their content. In addition, Murka may combine non-personal data with personal data, such as an email address, to administer loyalty programs, tailor its offerings, web pages or game play experience to you. By use of friend finder tools, whether directly through the Service or through a social network or gaming service, you acknowledge that use of these friend finder tools will help you find your contacts and will also allow your contacts to associate your Service account (and related gaming entitlements, including games played, spins and coins) with your social networking profile and/or email address. Your resulting friends’ list will be subject to this Privacy Policy. If you choose to use a referral service to "tell a friend" about the Services, Murka may ask you for your friend’s name and email address. Murka will send your friend an email on your behalf or a text message inviting him or her to visit the relevant site or check out the Services. Murka stores your friend's name and email for a short period for the sole purpose of sending this email, and for redundancy checking, to be sure that your friend does not receive multiple copies of the same email message. Murka does not keep or use this information for any other purpose. If you enter into a sweepstake, contest, or similar promotion, Murka may use the information you provide to administer those programs. Your participation in tournaments or other online gaming events is conditional upon you granting Murka permission to collect, use, store, transmit and publicly display statistical data, such as your scores, rankings and achievements, generated through your participation. In all cases of data access and collection, the information you provide will not be disclosed, rented, loaned, leased, sold, or otherwise voluntarily distributed to unaffiliated third parties other than in the circumstances described in this Privacy Policy, and will be used solely for the purpose of providing you with and improving the Services and for any other purpose stated herein. Murka will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that Murka no longer uses your information, contact Murka at the email address provided in the Contact Us section below. Note that there may be instances where Murka is legally required to retain your information.
We will only collect, use and share your personal data where we are satisfied that we have an appropriate legal basis to do this. This may be because:
you have provided your consent to us using the personal data;
our use of your personal data is in our legitimate interest as a business - in these cases we will look after your information at all times in a way that is proportionate and respects your privacy rights and you have a right to object to processing as explained in "Your rights" section below;
our use of your personal data is necessary to perform a contract or take steps to enter into a contract with you, including the terms and conditions which apply to your use of the Services;
our use of your personal data is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation.
To process your payments
Performance of a Contract
To allow you to play our games and otherwise make use of our Service
Performance of a Contract
To provide customer support
Legitimate Interest in assisting users to make the most of our Services
To communicate with you about the Services you’re using
Legitimate Interest in assisting users to make the most of our Services
To analyse and personalise your use of our website
Legitimate Interest in understanding how our website is used to improve it for all users, or tailor it to specific user preferences
To provide you with targeted advertising
Legitimate Interest to promote our Service and the products and services on third parties on the website
To send you marketing communications by email
Where permitted by law, Legitimate Interest in promoting our Service subject to providing users with the ability to opt-out at the point of collecting contact details and subsequently; otherwise, Consent
To carry out customer / user research
Legitimate Interest in understanding our user base to better tailor our Service
To protect the website and monitor and defend against security threats
Legitimate Interest in safeguarding the security of the site for the benefit of Murka and its users
To make disclosures to law enforcement, government bodies, courts or regulators
Comply with a Legal Obligation; or, otherwise Legitimate Interest in complying with a lawful request from one of these bodies which Murka judges to be in the public interest
To establish, exercise or defend our legal rights
Legitimate Interest in protecting the commercial interests and/or reputation of Murka by defending legal claims, or pursuing legal claims against users who have acted in breach of contract or unlawfully
Legitimate Interests, you may object to that processing by contacting us (see "Your rights" section below).
Access through Social Network Services or Mobile Devices or Platforms
By accessing the Services through a social network, mobile device or other third party platform or service, or by connecting to such a third party network, platform or service via the Services, you are acknowledging that Murka will collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed that the social network, mobile device or other third party platform could provide to Murka through the social network/mobile device/third party platform Application Programming Interface (API) based on your settings on the third party social network, mobile device or platform. Your acknowledgment commences when you connect with the third party network, platform or service via the Services, and/or when you connect with the Services, or “accept” or “allow” (or similar terms) the Services to access your information through a social network, mobile device or other third party platform or service. Murka may also collect or receive information about you from other Service users who choose to upload their email contacts. This information will be stored by Murka and used primarily to help you and your friends connect. If you play Murka’s games on your mobile device, in addition to your device identifiers, we may also collect:
the name you have associated with your device;
your telephone number;
your country;
your specific geolocation;
your mobile contacts;
information about Murka and other third-party apps you have on your device.
If you want to remove your contacts stored by us, follow the instructions provided in the game to request that we remove them from our systems. If you need to enter a password to allow us to access your address book, we will not store that password.
Third Party Service Providers
Murka may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate its Services, to provide the Services on its behalf, to perform tasks (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Services, etc.), or to assist Murka in analyzing how its Services are used. From time to time, Murka employs third party contractors to collect personal data on its behalf to provide email delivery, product, prize or promotional fulfillment, contest administration, or other services through the Service. When requesting these services, you may be asked to supply your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address to its contractors. Murka may ask some third-party contractors, such as credit agencies, data analytics or market research firms, to supplement the personal data that you provide to Murka for its own marketing and demographic studies, so that Murka can consistently improve its sites and related advertising to better meet its visitors' needs and preferences. To enrich its understanding of individual customers, Murka may tie this information to the information you provide to it. If you access our Services from a third-party application or connect our Services to a third-party application, you should also read that third-party application’s terms of service and privacy policy.
Message Boards and Chat Rooms
Note that certain information you post and communicate through the Services or a third party site or service is public information for which you have no expectation of privacy. You may choose to disclose information about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to Murka sites or Services or in its chat rooms, blogs, message boards, user “profiles” for public view, or in similar forums on its sites through mobile services and/or through third party sites or services. Information that you disclose in any of these forums is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. You should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit in the course of these public activities can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. Please see Murka’s Terms of Service or the Application End User License Agreement at Terms of Service (as applicable) on this point, and for other guidelines about posting content through any Service.
Information You Generate Using Our Communication Channels
You may be able to take part in certain activities on our Services that let you communicate or share information not just with Murka, but also with other Murka’s players. These include:
participating in player forums and message boards;
posting public comments to other players' profiles or gameboards;
sending private messages or invitations to other players, either directly on our websites or to their e-mail accounts;
chatting with other players;
You acknowledge that we may access in real-time, record, remove and/or store archives of these communications, comments, photos and drawings on Murka's servers to make use of them to protect the safety and well-being of our players and Murka's rights and property in connection with Murka’s Services; to conduct research; to operate, improve, personalize and optimize our Services and our players' experiences, including through the use of analytics; and to manage and deliver contextual advertising.
Browser Use
Note that in the ordinary course of Internet activity, certain information may be sent from your browser to third parties such as advertising networks and analytics companies. Murka has no control over the information sent from your browser to those networks or other third parties and recommends that you ensure that your browser settings prevent the disclosure of information you would not like to share.
Reasons We Share Personal Data
We share your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. When you provide payment data to make a purchase, we will share the payment data with banks and other entities that process payment transactions or provide other financial services, and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction. In addition, we share personal data among Murka-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. We also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described “Third Party Service Providers” section. For example, companies we have hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. Additionally, Murka may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal data, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. In the event that Murka undergoes a business transition, like a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or part its assets (like selling a game), we may transfer all of your information, including personal data, to the successor organization in the transition. We will make reasonable efforts to let you and other players know of the business transition before transferring your personal data. Finally, we will access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to:
comply with applicable law or respond to a valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies;
protect our customers, for example to prevent spam or attempts to defraud users of our products, or to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of anyone;
operate and maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks;
establish, exercise or defend legal rights and claims.
Please note that some of our products include links to products of third parties whose privacy practices differ from Murka's. If you provide personal data to any of those products, your data is governed by their privacy statements.
Your Consent
Where personal data is processed on the basis of your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us or otherwise using other mechanisms provided to you. The effect of withdrawing your consent will be that your information will no longer be used for the purpose which was previously based on consent. Withdrawing your consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing carried out prior to the withdrawal of your consent.
Friends and Other Players
The Services support and often encourage you to interact with other players. If you play through a social network or register through a social network, your social network friends will see your name, profile photo and descriptions of your game activity. Similarly, other players, regardless of whether they are your social network friends or not, will be able to see descriptions of your game activity, communicate with you within our Services, and view your game profile, which may include your name or a “game name” and your profile photo. Other players may also be able to send you game requests or even friend requests.
Third Party Advertising Including Tailored Advertising and Analytics
We do not actively share personal data with third party advertisers for their direct marketing purposes unless we notify you to the contrary prior to such disclosure. When advertisers or ad networks place ads in our Services, they may collect or we may share the following types of information from within our Services:
performance data (e.g. number of clicks on an advertisement);
information about you and other players collectively that is not intended to specifically identify you (like players between the ages of 25 and 30 living in Los Angeles);
certain technical information (for example, IP addresses);
your social network ID;
and other contextual data about your game play (for instance, your level). The information collected may be used to:
offer targeted advertising (behavioural advertising), and/or
undertake web analytics. Advertisers or ad networks may collect this information through the use of tracking technologies like browser cookies and web beacons, and they may use a single tracking technology or multiple tracking technologies at the same time. Please note, after clicking on a third party advertisement, you may no longer be on a site hosted by Murka or the social network through which you are playing Murka’s games. If you do not want to receive tailored in-application advertisements from third parties, please see "Your rights" section.
Third Parties Operating Under Their Own Policies
We may share collected information with third parties operating under their own policies for the purposes of developing and delivering our Services, displaying advertisements, conducting analysis or research and for measuring advertising campaign performance.
For example, some of Murka’s games or applications may be made with Unity software and/or using Unity services. If that is the case, Unity may access and operate information about you and your use of our Services (e.g. “Monetization Services Data” as it is defined in the Unity Terms of Monetization Services) as contemplated in the terms and conditions for Unity services (available at
https://unity3d.com/legal
) and as set out in the Unity Privacy Policy (available at
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
). Please review terms and conditions for Unity services and Unity Privacy Policy to learn more about its data processing practices, use of cookies, opt-out instructions for their services and other similar procedures.
Also some of our applications may use Pollfish SDK. Pollfish is an online survey platform, through which,   anyone may conduct surveys.   Pollfish collaborates with   Publishers of applications for smartphones in order to have access to users of such applications and address survey questionnaires to them.   When a user connects to this app, a  specific set of user’s device data (including Advertising ID, Device ID, other available electronic identifiers and further response meta-data is automatically sent, via our app, to Pollfish servers, in order forPollfish to discern whether the user is eligible for a survey. For a full list of data received by Pollfish through this app,   please read carefully the   Pollfish respondent terms located at
https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent
. These data will be associated with your answers to the questionnaires whenever Pollfish sends such questionnaires to eligible users. Pollfishmay share such data with third parties,   clients and business partners,   for commercial purposes. By downloading the application, you accept this privacy policy document and you hereby give your consent for the processing by   Pollfish of the aforementioned data. Furthermore, you are informed that you may disable Pollfish operation at any time by visiting the following link
https://www.pollfish.com/respondent/opt-out
.  We once more invite you to check the Pollfish respondent’s terms of use, if you wish to have more detailed view of the way Pollfish works and with whom Pollfish may further share your data.
Also some of our applications may use RTB House technology. Please review RTB House privacy policy available at
https://www.rtbhouse.com/privacy-center/services-privacy-policy/
to learn more about its data processing practices.
We may work with AppLovin to deliver ads in our mobile applications. For more information about AppLovin’s collection and use of your information visit:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Some of our applications may also use Yahoo technologies, such as Yahoo Code which means Yahoo pixel or other code on our websites or mobile apps and/or custom audiences to enable analytical, optimization, retargeting, and other tools available. For more information, please follow the links:
https://legal.yahoo.com/ie/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html
and/or
https://legal.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html
Your Rights
Subject to certain exemptions, and in some cases dependent on the legal basis which we rely upon for the relevant processing activity (see “How Murka Uses Your Information” section), you have certain rights in relation to your personal data. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact Murka at
privacy@murka.com
. In some cases, Murka may ask you to submit additional information (for example, your first name, last name, your social network ID for the social network from which you access our Services, etc.) in order to identify you as the user of Murka’s Services and data subject before responding to your requests. We reserve the right to charge a fee or refuse to comply with a request where permitted by law, for example if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. To the extent permitted by applicable data protection laws, the response period to your request may be extended where necessary, taking into account the complexity and number of the requests.
Access and Correction
You can receive confirmation from us if about whether we are holding personal data about you and can receive access to a copy of the information. You can also correct and complete incorrect information.
Deletion and Restriction
You can request that we temporarily or permanently stop processing all or some of your personal data or demand the deletion of your personal data (subject to certain exemptions). You can request the deletion of your Account Information by dissociating or removing the Murka application from your social network or third party service account in accordance with the instructions provided by the social network or third party service.
Delete Your App Account
To initiate the deletion of your Google Play’s app account and its associated data, please send a request to
privacy@murka.com
. Ensure that your email contains the subject: “Delete Google Play’s app account” and the following information:
The game for which you wish to delete your Google Play’s app account.
Your complete first and last name.
Your email address (kindly ask you to provide email address linked to your app account).
Your User ID (while this is optional, it will assist us in efficiently verifying your identity and processing your request).
Any additional details you may deem relevant (if applicable).
This comprehensive information will enable us to promptly and accurately address your request.
Please be aware that we can initiate the deletion process only upon receiving all the necessary information and successfully verifying your account. We may reach out to you to gather additional details in order to confirm your email address or verify your identity and account. We will complete your request as soon as possible, adhering to relevant legal timeframes.
To initiate the deletion of your app account on iOS, kindly utilize the in-game functionality designed for this purpose. Please refer to the game's settings for instructions on account deletion.
Once the deletion process is completed, all your game progress, virtual items paid for and/or earned will be removed and not recoverable. We are not required to provide refunds, benefits, or other compensation for unused virtual items if you request deletion of your account.
Data Portability
You have the right to request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party’s service, but only in relation to personal data used on the basis of consent or the performance of a contract (see “How Murka Uses Your Information” section).
Right to Object
You can withdraw your consent at any time and also have the right to object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis of our processing of your personal data that impacts your rights. Right to complain to supervisory authority You have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority for data protection if you have concerns about how we are processing your personal data.
We ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us first, although you have a right to contact your supervisory authority at any time.
Manage Information We Get from a Third-Party Application
To manage the information Murka receives about you from a third-party application or platform where you play our games, like Facebook, Google, Apple etc. you will need to follow the instructions for the third-party application for updating your information and changing your privacy settings. To review and update information associated with your Murka game profile in certain games, visit the “settings” page in that game. You also can manage some aspects of information collection and use by visiting the “settings” page of your mobile device and reviewing the permissions of each application or “app.” Once Murka receives your information from a third-party application or your mobile device, that information is stored and used by Murka in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You may access and update that information as described herein.
Opting Out of Geolocation
If you have previously allowed us to access your geolocation data, you can stop making geolocation available to us by visiting your mobile device's settings for the relevant application or the “settings” page for the relevant game.
Opting Out of Promotional Emails from Murka
If you want to stop receiving promotional e-mails from Murka, click on the "unsubscribe" link in any promotional email from Murka. Please note that once we receive your request, it may take an additional period of time for your opt-out to become effective.
Opting Out of Other Communications
When you install our apps on your mobile device you can choose to receive push notifications, which are messages an app sends you on your mobile device even when the app is not on. You can turn off notifications by visiting your mobile device’s “settings” page.
Opting Out of Third-Party Tailored Advertising
If you are interested in more information about tailored advertising and your choices to prevent third parties from delivering tailored web and mobile web advertising, you may visit the following websites:
Network Advertising Initiative Consumer Opt-Out Page
or
the Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Page for U.S.-based advertising
; and
Your Online Choices UK website for EU-based advertising
.
These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Murka. Murka does not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools. In addition, if you do not want to receive tailored in-application advertisements from third parties that relate to your interests in apps on your mobile device, you may opt-out by adjusting the ad tracking settings on your device. You can also reset the “Advertising Identifier” (like an IDFA) from your mobile device’s settings page, which will prevent continued use of existing behavioral data tied to the previous “Advertising Identifier.” Further, depending on the platform provider (such as Apple or Google), you may be able to download apps, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s “AppChoices” app, that offer to provide you with control regarding the collection and use of cross-app data for tailored advertising. Like the opt-out tools mentioned above for web, these mobile opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Murka. Murka does not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools. Please note that you may still receive advertisements from third parties within Murka’s games even if you opt out of tailored advertising but they will not be based on your activity across unrelated web sites or apps.
Opting Out of Cookie Tracking
You can set your web browser to warn you about attempts to place cookies on your computer or limit the type of cookies you allow. Most internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to reject cookies, while you can still use Murka Services, your access to some functionality and areas of our Services may be restricted and you may lose some of the features and functionality of our Services because Murka cookies are necessary to track and enhance your game activities. You can find further information on managing or rejecting cookies for different web-browsers on
www.aboutcookies.org
or the settings of popular Internet browsers:
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Opera
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Safari web
and
iOS
.
Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies and cookie management tools available in a web browser may not remove flash cookies. To learn more about and manage flash cookies you can visit the
Adobe website
and make changes at the
Global Privacy Settings Panel
.
Do Not Track. Currently we do not process or respond to web browsers’ “do not track” signals or other similar transmissions.
Your California Rights
If you are a California resident please review our California Consumer Privacy Act Notice below, which is incorporated as part of this Privacy Policy for California residents only.
Links
The Services may contain links to other websites or applications. The fact that the Services links to a website or application, or presents a banner ad or other type of advertisement does not mean that Murka endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is it a representation of any affiliation with that third party. If you click on a link to a third-party site or application, including on an advertisement, you will leave the Murka site you are visiting or application you are running, and will go to the site or application linked to. These third party websites and applications may place their own cookies or other files on your computer or mobile device, and may collect data or solicit personal data from you. Other sites and applications follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal data you submit to them. Because Murka cannot control the activities of third parties, it cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personal data by such third parties, and it cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as Murka. You are therefore encouraged to read the privacy policies or statements of other websites and applications you visit before providing any personal data.
Security
Murka has made reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, Murka cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal data for improper purposes. Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered secure, so Murka discourages you from sending Murka personal data through these media. Data breaches which may pose a risk to individuals will be notified to the DPA (competent data protection authority) within 72 hours, and to affected individuals without undue delay where they pose a high risk to individuals, or otherwise in our discretion.
International Operations and Transfers Out of the EEA
IMPORTANT: When you use Our Services, your data may be transferred outside of the country in which you reside, including to countries outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Murka is part of a global group of companies. Consequently, your personal data may be transferred to and stored in countries where our Affiliates (which means subsidiaries, parent companies, joint ventures and other corporate entities under common ownership with Murka Games Limited) are based (for example, the British Virgin Islands and the Ukraine), for the purposes of providing you with the Services, or otherwise using your information for the purposes described in “How Murka Uses Your Information” section.
Murka also uses third party suppliers (such as IT service providers, data hosting providers and marketing automation or advertising platforms) based internationally, in particular (but without limitation) in the United States of America. We will take appropriate steps to ensure that transfers of personal data are made in accordance with applicable law and carefully managed to protect your privacy rights and interests. Transfers are limited to countries which are recognized as providing an adequate level of legal protection or where we can be satisfied that alternative arrangement are in place to protect your privacy rights. These include contractual protections approved by the European Commission (or another relevant supervisory authority), or certification schemes such as the EU - US Privacy Shield. You have a right to contact us for more information about the safeguards we have put in place. If we provide you with a copy of a contract under which your personal data is transferred, it may be redacted for reasons of commercial confidentiality If you are a resident in a jurisdiction - which for these purposes does
not
include the EU, EEA or any member state of the EU or EEA - where transfer of your personal data to another jurisdiction requires your consent, then you provide us your express and unambiguous consent to such transfer for us to provide you with our Services.
Children Policy
Unless written otherwise, you may not use our Services if you are under 13 years of age (or under 16 years of age, if you are located in the EEA and Switzerland, or under the age of majority where you are located) (collectively, “Children”), in which case you must not use any of our Services, or submit personal data in the Services or to Murka (for example, your name, address, telephone number, or email address). Murka does not knowingly collect personal data from Children. Children may not register for an account or provide any personal data to Murka. Murka respects the privacy of parents and Children, and is committed to complying with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). If a parent believes that his or her Child has submitted personal data to Murka, he or she can contact us via email:
privacy@murka.com
If Murka learns that a Child has provided it with personal data, Murka will take steps to delete such information as soon as possible. We recognize the importance of safeguarding the privacy of Children, and encourage parents to check and monitor their children's use of online activities regularly. By using our Services, you represent and warrant that you are a person who is over the minimum legal age to consent to the collection and processing of personal data under applicable law where you are located or whose parent or legal guardian have acknowledged and understood our
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
. You agree that you will not knowingly allow any Child to use or access the Services without a parent or legal guardian supervising him or her.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please send an e-mail to
privacy@murka.com
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Cyprus. Disputes arising in connection with this Privacy Policy shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Cyprus Courts although Murka retains the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of this Privacy Policy in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
The Oval
Street Krinou, 3
Agios Athanasios Municipality, Limassol, 4103 Cyprus
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
Effective January 1, 2020
Last amended July 1, 2020
Scope of Notice
This California Consumer Privacy Act Notice ("Notice") supplements the information contained in our
Privacy Policy
. The provisions contained in this Notice provide additional information to our
Privacy Policy
about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information of our users ("consumers", "players" or "you") who are individual residents of the State of California, either online or offline, within the scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"). For such consumers, provisions of this Notice supersede any other possibly divergent or conflicting provisions contained in our
Privacy Policy
.
Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in this Notice have the same meaning as defined in our
Privacy Policy
or as otherwise defined in the CCPA. This Notice is in compliance with the CCPA.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
"Personal Information" in this Notice, as in the CCPA, refers to any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a certain consumer or household.
In particular, the following categories of Personal Information we collected within the last twelve (12) months, the sources of collection, and the business purposes for collection are indicated in the list below.
Category of Personal Information
Categories of Sources
Identifiers
, such as name, account name, device ID, email address, IP address, online identifiers etc.
Players
Players' Devices
Service Providers including Internet Service Providers, Data Analytics Providers, Advertising Networks, Operating Systems and Platforms
Social Networks
California Customer Records
(Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e)) such as address, name, telephone number.
Players
Service Providers
Social Networks
Protected Classification Characteristics
, such as age and gender.
Players
Service Providers
Social Networks
Commercial Information
, such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Players
Service Providers including Data Analytics Providers, Operating Systems and Platforms
Social Networks
Internet/Network Information
, such as website or application or advertisement browsing history, information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
Players
Players' Devices
Service Providers including Internet Service Providers, Data Analytics Providers, Advertising Networks, Operating Systems and Platforms
Geolocation Data
, IP address, device shared location, and Wi-Fi connection location.
Players
Players' Devices
Service Providers including Internet Service Providers, Data Analytics Providers, Advertising Networks, Operating Systems and Platforms
Inferences
such as derivation of information, data, assumptions, or conclusions from any of the above categories of personal information..
Players
Players' Devices
Service Providers including Internet Service Providers, Data Analytics Providers, Advertising Networks, Operating Systems and Platforms
Social Networks
We may use and/or disclose the Personal Information we collect for one or more of the following business or commercial purposes:
Customer service
Payments processing
Operate our business and games
Internal analytics and reporting
Customer support
Internal research
Game mechanics or functionality
Facilitate players' social interactions
Debugging existing intended functionality
Product development/improvement
Maintaining and enhancing service
Auditing Player interaction & transactions
Marketing, including direct marketing (email, etc.)
Advertising
Detecting/Protecting against security events
Player acquisition.
Disclosure of Personal Information
In the last twelve (12) months we have disclosed the following categories of Personal Information: Identifiers, California Customer Records (Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e)), Protected Classification Characteristics, Commercial Information, Internet/Network Information, Geolocation Data, Inferences.
As described in the
Privacy Policy
, we share Personal Information within Murka group of companies and with a variety of recipients for business and commercial purposes. In addition to the categories of recipients identified in the
Privacy Policy
, we disclose Personal Information to, or allow access to Personal Information by, the following categories of recipients:
Customer Service Vendors;
Cloud Storage Providers;
Payment and Auditing Processors;
Security Safety Vendors and Service Providers;
Social Media Services;
Advertising and Marketing Partners.
We also may share Personal Information with your social network friends and other users, and successor organization in the transition of Murka’s sale, merger, acquisition, etc.
Murka does not "sell" Personal Information about our players as most people would typically understand that term. However, we may allow certain third-party advertising partners to collect information about consumers through our games and our website for purposes of serving ads that are more relevant, for ad campaign measurement and analytics, and for ad fraud detection and reporting. To the extent this practice may be interpreted to constitute a "sale" under the CCPA, please see our Opt-Out section below for more information (Right to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information – Do Not Sell My Info)
Online Advertising
The following describes the categories of Personal Information we may sell for business purposes. These are also the categories of information we might have sold in the past twelve (12) months.
When we serve you personalized video ads, we may sell identifiers such as resettable identifiers provided by your mobile device’s operating system with ad networks, social media companies and other third-party businesses in the ad ecosystem. The typical resettable advertising IDs are GAID (Android) and IDFA (Apple) and they are considered Personal Information under the CCPA. These third parties may use your Personal Information:
to serve relevant ads on our site, on other websites or mobile apps, or on other devices a player may use;
to personalize content; and
to perform other advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research.
These third parties may use this Personal Information for their own commercial purposes in accordance with their own privacy policies, which may include providing this information to additional third parties, including other advertising networks.
Financial Incentives
In each of the following financial incentives, which we offer on some, but not all games, we may grant you virtual currency or other virtual items across the variety of our games that you play. Such items and currency are virtual and have no monetary or cash value and cannot be used outside of the applicable game. For further details, refer to section “Virtual Items” of the
Terms of Service
.
Financial Incentive
Categories of Personal Information Collected
How to Opt-In to the Financial Incentive
In-game ads
Identifiers, Internet or other electronic network activity information, Commercial information, Location Data, Inferences drawn
Watch in-game video ads that may be presented to you
Facebook connect or Sign in with Apple
Identifiers, Internet or other electronic network activity information, Commercial information, Location Data, Inferences drawn
Connect to our games through Facebook account or Apple ID
Mailing list
Identifiers, such as email address
Subscribe to our mailing list or share with us your email address
You have a right to withdraw from the financial incentive at any time. For example, you may choose not to watch in-game advertisements or disconnect Facebook account or Apple ID through user settings. Also you may submit a consumer request as described below.
Your California Privacy Rights
Right to Know
You have the right to request the disclosure of certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the twelve (12) months preceding your request. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the Personal Information is collected;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting Personal Information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share, sell Personal Information, if any; and
The specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you.
Right to Deletion
Subject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will:
Delete your Personal Information from our records; and
Direct any service providers to delete your Personal Information from their records.
Please note that we may not delete your Personal Information if it is necessary to:
Complete the transaction for which the Personal Information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity;
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with an existing legal obligation; or
Otherwise use your Personal Information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information – Do Not Sell My Info
You have the right to opt-out of sale of your Personal Information. As described above we do not "sell" Personal Information about our players as most people would typically understand that term. But given that some practices may be interpreted to constitute a "sale" under the CCPA, you have the rights as described below.
To exercise your right to opt-out, please submit a request by clicking the following link:
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
or by contacting us at
privacy@murka.com
.
Once you make an opt-out request, you may change your mind and revoke your opt-out request any time by contacting us at
privacy@murka.com
.
If you do not want to receive interest-based in-application advertisements on your mobile device, you may adjust the ad tracking settings on your device (such as turning on “Limit Ad Tracking”). You can also reset the “Advertising Identifier” (such as an IDFA) from your mobile device’s settings page, which will prevent continued use of existing behavioral data tied to your previous “Advertising Identifier.” To Limit Ad tracking on iOS Devices please follow the link
Limit Ad Tracking
. To opt out of personalized ads on Android devices follow the link
Opt-out of Personalized Ads
.
To prevent third parties from delivering tailored web and mobile web advertising, you may also visit the opt-out tools provided by the
Network Advertising Alliance
and the
Digital Advertising Alliance
, or download apps, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s “AppChoices” app, that offer to provide you with controls regarding the collection and use of cross-app data for behavioral advertising.
These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Murka. Murka does not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of Your Privacy Rights
You have the right to not be discriminated against by us because you exercised any of your rights under the CCPA. This means we cannot, among other things:
Deny goods or services to you;
Charge different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;
Provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you; or
Suggest that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Please note that we may charge a different price or rate or provide a different level or quality of goods and/or services to you, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to our business by your Personal Information.
Right to Designate an Authorized Agent to Submit CCPA Requests on Your Behalf
You may also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on their behalf. To do so, you need to provide the authorized agent written permission to do so and the agent will need to submit to us proof that they have been authorized by you. We will also require that you verify your own identity, as explained below.
How to Exercise Your Rights under CCPA
You may make a verifiable consumer request to exercise your right to know and right to deletion under the CCPA by:
contacting us at
privacy@murka.com
with the subject line "California Rights Request"; or
submitting your request via Support or Contact us section within the game.
The verifiable consumer request must:
provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative; and
describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We will verify your request by attempting to match two or three identifying pieces of information you provide us in connection with the request you make, to Personal Information we already maintain about you. We may ask to verify your request through the account's existing authentication methods (if applicable). We will take all reasonable precautions to verify your identity in connection with fulfilling our responsibilities under the CCPA. We will evaluate each request based on the individual submitting the request and the category of information related to the request. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm Personal Information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. Although we try to limit the Personal Information collected in connection with a request to exercise the right to know and the right to deletion to that Personal Information, certain requests may require us to obtain additional Personal Information from you. We may use verification by email or other methods to verify your identity and request.
We will confirm receipt of your verifiable request within ten (10) business days and provide information about how we will process your request. We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) calendar days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding the verifiable consumer request receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Minors Under Age 16
We do not sell Personal Information of players we know to be less than sixteen (16) years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the "Right to Opt-In") from either the minor who is between thirteen (13) and sixteen (16) years of age, or the parent or guardian of a minor less than thirteen (13) years of age.
Shine the Light
You may request information once per calendar year about our disclosures of certain categories of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Such requests must be submitted to us using the methods described above.
Updates
We may update this Notice from time to time. When we make changes to this Notice, we will change the date at the beginning of this Notice. If we make material changes to this Notice, we may notify you by email to your registered email address, by prominent posting on our online services, or through other relevant communication channels. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided in the notification. You are responsible for periodically checking this Notice for any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding this Notice, our
Privacy Policy
and/or practices, please send an e-mail to
privacy@murka.com
. For all other matters, please contact our support.
This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of most common browsers.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
Sub-policy 1
https://www.safecharge.com/privacy-policy/:
404: Lost in Transaction
Oops! Looks like there’s been a detour in your payment journey. Hang tight while we clear a path for you!
Select a menu option or
click here
to visit the homepage.
Help Us Deliver a Better Experience
We use cookies and similar technologies to make our site work better for you. Select 'Accept All' to get the full experience, or 'Customize' to choose what data you allow us to use. We handle your personal information in accordance with our
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Policy
. You can change your preferences anytime.
Customize
Reject All
Accept All
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Accept All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 2
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 3
https://www.rtbhouse.com/privacy-center/services-privacy-policy/:
Privacy
Privacy
Center
Services Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Privacy Support Center for Advertisers and Publishers
1. General information
2. How do we collect data
3. What data we process
4. How we use your data
5. Personal Data Processing (GDPR)
6. CCPA Privacy Policy
7. LGPD Privacy Policy
8. Data Security Measures
9. Exercising Your Privacy Rights
10. Privacy Policy Changes
11. Contact
Services Privacy Policy
See all language versions
This Privacy Policy is designed to describe how we approach your privacy as an Internet user interacting with websites that have implemented our advertising technology.
Please note that this Policy does not pertain to the processing of personal data we collect through the www.rtbhouse.com website. This issue is comprehensively addressed in RTB House Website Privacy Policy.
1. General information
We are an advertising technology company that provides online
advertisement
services to advertisers (e.g., e-shops) in the programmatic advertising environment. Our role is to give advertisers an effective tool to display ads of their products or services on
publishers’
websites and mobile applications you visit (e.g., news portals). Our ads are
personalized
, i.e., based on the information on your previous online activity. We will display to you the ads of those advertisers whose websites or apps you had visited in the past (a service known as retargeting) or ads that we believe otherwise match your current shopping interests.
In order to serve personalized ads, we process
certain information related to your online activity
that helps us understand what your current shopping interests might be and allows us to display an ad and analyze how it performs. While doing so, we aim at ensuring the highest level of privacy protection and transparency. We strictly comply with all applicable privacy laws, in particular the EU General Data Protection Regulation (
GDPR
), Directive on Privacy and Electronic Communications (
E-Privacy Directive
), as well as established best practices on the digital advertising market.
2. How do we collect data
In order to collect your data, we use
cookies
, which are text files inserted in your web browser when you visit advertisers’ or publishers’ websites or apps, as well as
other tracking technologies
available on your device, such as mobile advertising ID. They allow us to register certain activities you perform on those websites or apps.
We operate under the creativecdn.com domain while providing our services. We store two cookies under this domain: (a) “u” which contains unique ID established for the browser you use (b) “ts” which stores the timestamp needed to establish cookie lifetime.
3. What data we process
We process the following
three main groups of data
:
(a)       Information related to your
browsing activity on advertisers’ websites or apps
— it helps us understand what sorts of products and services you are interested in and, consequently, determine which ads should be displayed to you to match your current shopping interests. We process this data on behalf of the advertisers for whom we conduct advertising campaigns (as a data processor), specifically for the purpose of creating your user profile.
(b)      Information that you are currently entering a publisher’s website or app, where we may display an ad to you — it comes within a so called
bid request
, which is an offer to buy an advertising space on the publisher’s website or app in order to display an ad (for details, see Section 4 below). We process this information as a data controller for the purposes of displaying ads, ad measurement, brand safety, product development, and fraud detection.
(c)       Information regarding the delivery of our ads, i.e.,
impressions
of an ad (e.g., whether we displayed an ad to you and, if so, which ad we selected) and your
interactions
with an ad (e.g., whether you clicked on it). We process this information as a data controller for the purposes of displaying ads (in particular for frequency capping and ad rotation), ad measurement, and product development.
You may find a full list of categories of data we process as a data controller in our
GDPR privacy notice
(
see Section 5 below
).
While providing our services,
we do not collect personally identifiable information (PII)
, such as names, e-mail addresses, postal addresses, telephone numbers, or
financial data
, such as credit card details.
We do not receive any additional data from advertisers or partners
, which, along with the data collected by our technology, would enable us to directly identify you.
4. How we use your data
While you are visiting an
advertiser’s website or app
(e.g., an e-shop), we collect certain information related to your activity there, such as which items you viewed, put in the basket, and bought. Those browsing patterns on the advertiser’s website or app help us understand what sorts of products and services you are currently interested in and thus display to you, on publishers’ digital properties (e.g., news portals), only ads compatible with these interests.
We display our personalized ads with the use of a programmatic instantaneous auction system known as
real-time bidding (RTB)
. Real-time bidding procedure happens at the moment you enter a publisher’s website or app that offers an advertising space for sale. While such website is loading, a
bid request
is sent to us by the publisher or our business partner cooperating with the publisher (e.g., supply-side platform, SSP) inviting us to buy a certain ad space. After receiving such bid request, our technology uses information about your previous browsing activity on advertisers’ websites or apps to decide whether to buy the auctioned ad space and, if so, which ad to display.
For instance, if you had recently visited our client’s e-shop looking for running shoes, we may display to you an ad of those same running shoes you had viewed there and similar running shoes or complementary products, such as running clothes offered by that advertiser.
We may also use information on the content of the website where the ad is to be displayed for the additional personalization of this particular ad. However, we never use such website content to personalize future ads, in particular we do not assign this information to your user profile in order to categorize you (e.g., by assigning you to a particular population segment) or try to determine your shopping interests on the basis of your browsing history on publishers’ websites or apps.
Moreover,
we do not use your browsing data across advertisers
, which means that a browsing activity from one advertiser’s website or app does not affect other advertisers’ ads we display. For instance, the fact that you looked for swimming equipment in an e-shop of our client “A” will not result in us displaying you swimming equipment from an e-shop of our client “B” (unless you had previously browsed similar products on “B” e-shop as well).
After we display an ad to you, we collect information regarding ad
impressions
(e.g., that we indeed displayed an ad to you, which ad was selected, and when and on what type of device it was displayed) and your
interactions
with the ad (mainly whether you clicked on it or not). We use this information for the analysis of how our ads perform, for the creation of statistical reports for advertisers regarding the delivery of their ads, and subsequently for attribution and billing purposes. We also process this data for the control of the frequency of ads we display to you (frequency capping) and for product development purposes.
Our platform is integrated with the RTB environment through matching of our technical identifiers, e.g., cookie IDs or mobile advertising IDs (
“cookie matching”
) with those used by our business partners. It enables us to (a) receive a bid request and eventually serve an ad on a publisher’s website or app that uses our business partners’ digital advertising technology and (b) collect information related to our ad serving activities.
Upon an advertiser’s specific request and on the basis of the information provided by such advertiser, we may perform
cross-device
tracking that consists of displaying the same categories of ads of this particular advertiser’s products or services on different devices you use (e.g. laptops and smartphones). We do not, however, perform specific data analyses in order to link the devices you use on the basis of the patterns of your online behavior (i.e., we do not conduct probabilistic cross-device tracking).
We also use your personal data for the detection of frauds and other potential dangers to privacy security, for the calculation of the usage levels of our technology, and for brand safety purposes, i.e., to analyze whether publishers’ websites are a suitable environment for our ads to be displayed and to develop and improve our products.
We do not purchase any third-party data from data providers for service optimization purposes or sell data we process to any third parties.
Advertisers and publishers whose websites or apps you visit may independently collect and use your data for different purposes. Please consult their privacy policies for more information in this regard.
5. Personal Data Processing (GDPR)
Although, as described above, we do not collect personally identifiable information (PII), the data we do process is tied to unique online identification numbers that, under the GDPR, are considered “online identifiers” that allow us to “single out” a specific user from other users. According to the GDPR, such information may be considered personal data (this type of non-personally identifiable data is referred to as “
pseudonymous data
”). Consequently, in cases where the GDPR applies to our services, we assure compliance with all the requirements established by this regulation.
We have also appointed a
data protection officer
, whom you may contact if you have further questions. Please see Section 9 below for the Data Protection Officer contact details.
As a part of the GDPR compliance program, we have joined the
IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework
(TCF) as a registered vendor (ID No.: 16) and comply with the TCF policies. For more information, please visit
https://iabeurope.eu/
.
As mentioned above, some of data we use for providing services, we process as a data controller, which means we are solely responsible for it, and some – as a data processor i.e. on behalf of advertisers. You may access a set of information required by the GDPR pertaining to our data processing activities as a
data controller
in our GDPR Privacy Notice.
5.1. Data Controllers
RTB House S.A.
61/101 Złota Street
00-819 Warsaw, Poland
RTB House Poland sp. z o.o.
61/101 Złota Street
00-819 Warsaw, Poland
RTB House Ltd.
Kemp House, 160 City Road
London EC1V 2NX,
United Kingdom
RTB House Latam Ltd.
293 Green Lanes,
London, N13 4XS,
United Kingdom
RTB House s.r.o
Vinohradská 2828/151, Žižkov
130 00 Praha 3, Czech Republic
RTB House GmbH
Kurfürstendamm 226
10719 Berlin, Germany
RTB House Nordics AB
Box 70396 (World Trade Centre, Klarabergsviadukten 70)
107 24 Stockholm, Sweden
RTB House France SAS
112 Avenue Kléber
75016 Paris, France
RTB House Benelux BV
Amstelplein 6,
1096 BC, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Barakc Jam Kft
Pannónia utca 85
1133 Budapest, Hungary
RTB House Italy s.r.l.
Piazza Euclide 47,
00197 Rome, Italy
RTBH Retargeting SL
Maria de Molina 1,
entreplanta izquierda, 28006,
Madrid, Spain
RTB Marketing & Tech Services Ltd
Kyriakou Matsi 18, 2nd Floor,
Egkomi, Nicosia 2408, Cyprus
RTB House Inc.
33 E. 33rd Street 6th FL New York, NY
10016 United States of America
acting as
Joint Controllers
5.2. The substantial terms of the arrangement between the joint controllers
RTB House S.A. acts as a Leading controller.
The processing of personal data of data subjects is carried out via the bidding system, an IT system which is owned and managed by the Leading Controller.
The Controllers jointly agree and implement all relevant security policies and procedures regarding personal data to achieve a coherent protection system.
The Leading Controller is obliged to assure that the data subject receives a notification compliant with requirements laid down in Articles 13 or 14 of the GDPR. Each of the Joint Controllers is obliged to reveal to the Leading Controller any recipients to whom it has disclosed personal data.
Joint Controllers have appointed a single Data Protection Officer who is responsible for handling data subjects’ requests.
The Controllers jointly make decisions regarding data subject’s rights laid down in the GDPR.
The lead supervisory authority for the group of undertakings is located in Poland.
5.3. Purpose of the processing
We will process your personal data, which includes
storing and accessing certain information on your device
(such as cookies or device identifiers) in order to carry out the following:
use limited data to select advertising,
create profiles for personalised advertising,
use profiles to select personalised advertising,
measure advertising performance,
understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources,
develop and improve services,
ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors,
deliver and present advertising and content,
save and communicate privacy choices.
5.4. Categories of personal data
For the above purposes, we will process the following categories of your personal data:
unique online identifiers (including cookie IDs and mobile advertising IDs);
URLs of the web pages you visited (“referrer”);
data related to ad impressions and your interactions with our ads on publishers’ websites or apps;
technical browser and device information (“user agent”);
timestamps
IP addresses indicating your general (non-specific) location.
5.5. Legal basis for the processing
The legal basis for storage and/or access information on your device as well as for the processing of your personal data for the purposes: (1) use limited data to select advertising, (2) create profiles for personalised advertising, (3) use profiles to select personalised advertising, (4) measure advertising performance, (5) understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, (6) develop and improve services, is the
consent
you give on publishers’ websites or apps. You are entitled to withdraw the consent to the processing of your personal data and storing and/or accessing information on your device by us at any moment. You may do so by clicking an opt-out button on our opt-out page:
https://optout.rtbhouse.com
or by contacting us directly at:
dpo@rtbhouse.com
.
With respect to (1) ensuring security, preventing fraud, and fixing errors, (2) delivering and presenting advertising, and (3) saving and communicating privacy choices, the legal basis for the processing of your personal data is the
legitimate interest
of the controller, pursuant to Article 6 Section 1 (f) of the GDPR.
5.6. Sources of the personal data
We obtain your data either from publishers, on whose digital properties we display our advertisements, or from supply-side platforms (SSPs), cooperating with publishers for the purposes of delivering personalized advertisements. An example of an SSP we cooperate with is Google AdX. You can read more about Google's privacy practices and its use of cookies on this
website
.
We collect some of the information, such as data related to ad impressions and your interactions with ads, ourselves from publishers’ websites or apps.
5.7. Recipients of the personal data
We may transfer your data to
our processors
(e.g., IT service providers and data centers) where such entities process data on the basis of a contract with us and only in accordance with our instructions.
We may also transfer very limited amounts of data to our
business partners
(e.g., SSPs) in a response to a bid request in order to be technically able to display an ad.
5.8. Data subject’s rights
You have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
the right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time, e.g., by means of an opt-out procedure without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal;
the right to object to the processing of the personal data for direct marketing purposes or, on grounds relating to your particular situation, whenever the legal basis for processing is controllers’ legitimate interest;
the right to access to the personal data;
the right to obtain from the controller restriction of processing as referred to in Article 18 of GDPR;
the right to request that your personal data be corrected if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
the right to request your personal data be erased where it is no longer necessary for us to retain such data;
the right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing; and
the right to request that we provide you with your personal data and where possible to transmit that data directly to another data controller. You are entitled to request a copy of your personal data processed by us.
5.9. Profiling
Within the scope of processing that we undertake as a data controller, we conduct activities that may be deemed “profiling” of your personal data only to a very limited extent (i.e., analysis of data regarding ad impressions and your interactions with our ads for ad measurement purposes).
We do, however, conduct profiling with respect to the data related to your browsing activity on advertisers’ websites or apps (i.e., data we process on behalf of advertisers, as a data processor). We analyze it in order to display to you an ad that we believe you will be most interested in, as described in Section 4 above.
In any case, the
profiling does not produce any legal effects toward users
or similarly significantly affects them. In particular, it does not result in price discrimination among the users based on their behavioral profile.
5.10. Retention periods
We immediately delete all data received in
bid requests
, except for a minor fraction needed for statistical and analytical purposes (including brand safety and fraud detection), which is stored for no more than 100 days.
The data regarding ad
impressions
and your
interactions
with the ad is kept as long as it is needed for statistical, settlement, and product development purposes. It is stored for no longer than 500 days from its collection, except that the data from ad interactions is stored for additional 65 days on our backup systems, where it is not actively used and is deleted according to the predefined retention schedule.
After the lapse of periods specified above, the data is
truncated or effectively anonymized
.
In any case, we promptly respond to data subject requests related to the execution of the
right to be forgotten
by deleting all personal data covered by a given request.
5.11. Transfers to third country and safeguards
We shall not transfer or permit any of your personal data to be transferred to a territory outside of the European Economic Area unless we have taken such measures that are necessary to ensure that the transfer is in compliance with applicable laws. Such measures may include (without limitation) transferring personal data to a recipient in a country that the European Commission has decided provides adequate protection for personal data as referred to in Article 45 of the GDPR.
If you wish to find the list of the countries that the European Commission recognized as providing adequate protection, then
click here
.
5.12. Further Processing
If we need to use your personal data for a purpose not covered by this notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining such new use, prior to commencing the processing, and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing operation.
5.13. Data Protection Officer
We have appointed a data protection officer. It is a person you may contact regarding any issues related to privacy issues at RTB House and the exercise of your rights concerning the processing of your personal data.
You may contact our Data Protection Officer:
by mail to the following address: Katarzyna Kamińska, RTB House SA, 61/101 Złota St., 00-819 Warsaw, Poland and
by e-mail:
dpo@rtbhouse.com
.
5.14. Contact details and lodging a complaint with supervisory authority
To exercise all relevant rights and the queries of complaints, please contact RTB House S.A. via e-mail (
dpo@rtbhouse.com
).
You are also entitled to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work, or an alleged infringement of the GDPR. Please find the contact details to supervisory authorities that have jurisdiction over our activity.
POLAND
Prezes Urzędu Ochrony Danych Osobowych
https://www.uodo.gov.pl/pl/p/kontakt
2 Stawki St.
00-193 Warszawa, Poland
T: + 606-950-000
GERMANY
Berliner Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit
Friedrichstr. 219
10969 Berlin
Tel.: +49 30 13889-0
Fax: +49 30 2155050
E-Mail: mailbox@datenschutz-berlin.de
CZECH REPUBLIC
Úřad pro ochranu osobních údajů
posta@uoou.cz
Pplk. Sochora 27
170 00 Praha 7
T: +420 234 665 111
UNITED KINGDOM
Information Commissioner’s Office
casework@ico.org.uk
Wycliffe House
Water Lane, Wilmslow
Cheshire, SK9 5AF
T: + 44 0303 123 1113
SWEDEN
Datainspektionen
datainspektionen@datainspektionen.se
Drottninggatan 29, 5th floor
Box 8114
SE-104 20 Stockholm
T: +46-70 736 10 80
FRANCE
Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés
3 Place de Fontenoy
TSA 80715
75334 PARIS CEDEX 07, France
T: +33 (0)1 53 73 22 22
NETHERLANDS
Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens
Postbus 93374
2509 AJ DEN HAAG
T: +31 – (0)70 – 888 85 00
HUNGARY
Nemzeti Adatvédelmi És
Információszabadság Hatóság
privacy@naih.hu
H-1125 Budapest
Szilágyi Erzsébet fasor 22/C
T+: +36 -1-391-1400 F
ITALY
Garante per la protezione
dei dati personali,
Piazza Venezia n. 11 – 00187 Roma,
garante@gpdp.it
SPAIN
Agencia Española
de Protección de Datos,
C/ Jorge Juan, 6. 28001 – Madrid
CYPRUS
Office of the Commissioner for Personal Data Protection
Iasonos 1, 1082 Nicosia, Cyprus
P.O.Box 23378, 1682 Nicosia, Cyprus
6. CCPA Privacy Policy
In these California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosures (“CCPA Disclosures”), we, RTB House Inc. (“RTB House”, “we”) disclosure information about our data processing practices as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA). These CCPA Disclosures are effective January 1, 2020. You can download a
PDF version here
.
I. Who and what information is subject to these CCPA Disclosures?
California residents are protected as “consumers” by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) with respect to personal information.
II. How can a consumer with a disability access these CCPA Disclosures?
Consumers who have a visual disability may be able to use a screen reader or other text-to-speech or text-to-Braille tool to review the contents of this notice.
III. CCPA Privacy Policy
We are providing the disclosures about consumer rights and our personal information handling practices in the preceding twelve months, as required by the CCPA and regulations of the California Attorney General, including §999.308. You may access a set of information required by the CCPA pertaining to our data processing activities as a business under the CCPA in our CCPA Privacy Policy
6.1. Right to Know About Personal InformationCollected, Disclosed, or Sold
This CCPA Privacy Policy describes personal information we generally collect, use, disclose about California residents. You have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use and disclose about you specifically (“right to know”). To submit a request to exercise the right to know, please submit an email request to
dpo@rtbhouse.com
and include “California Request to Know” in the subject line or call our toll-free phone number [+1
0000000000]. Please specify in your request the details you would like to know, including any specific pieces of personal information you would like to access.
We will ask that you provide certain information to verify your identity. The information that we ask you to provide to verify your identity will depend on your prior interactions with us and the sensitivity of the personal information at issue. We will respond to your request in accordance with the CCPA. If we deny your request, we will explain why.
6.2. Our Personal Information Handling Practices
We have set out below categories of personal information we have collected about California residents in the preceding 12 months and, for each category of personal information collected, the categories of sources from which that information was collected, the business or commercial purposes for which the information was collected and the categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information.
6.2.1.
Category of personal information
Identifiers such as an unique online identifiers (including cookie IDs and mobile advertising IDs)
We collected such personal information to use for the following business or commercial purposes:
(a) use limited data to select advertising,
(b) create profiles for personalised advertising,
(c) use profiles to select personalised advertising,
(d) measure advertising performance,
(e) understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources,
(f) develop and improve services,
(g) ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors,
(h) deliver and present advertising and content,
(i) save and communicate privacy choices.
We have collected such personal information from the following categories of sources:
Our business partners i.e.:
(a) Supply Side Platforms
(b) Publishers
We shared such personal information with the following categories of third parties:
We share this information with our service providers such as data centers and companies of RTB House Corporate Group that provide us with technical support and campaign management services.
In addition, we share this information with the Supply Side Platforms in order to receive from them the bid requests concerning digital properties.
6.2.2.
Category of personal information
Identifiers such as an Internet Protocol address indicating your general (non-specific) location (Geolocation data.)
We collected such personal information to use for the following business or commercial purposes:
(a) use limited data to select advertising,
(b) create profiles for personalised advertising,
(c) use profiles to select personalised advertising,
(d) measure advertising performance,
(e) understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources,
(f) develop and improve services,
(g) ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
(h) deliver and present advertising and content,
(i) save and communicate privacy choices.
We have collected such personal information from the following categories of sources:
Our business partners i.e.:
(a) Supply Side Platforms
(b) Publishers.
We shared such personal information with the following categories of third parties:
We share this information only with our service providers such as data centers and companies of RTB House Corporate Group that provide us with technical support and campaign management services.
6.2.3.
Category of personal information
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application or advertisement i.e.:
(a) URLs of the web pages you visited (“referrer”)
(b) data related to ad impressions and your interactions with our ads on publishers’ websites or apps
(c) technical browser and device information (“user agent”)
(d) timestamps.
We collected such personal information to use for the following business or commercial purposes:
(a) use limited data to select advertising,
(b) create profiles for personalised advertising,
(c) use profiles to select personalised advertising,
(d) measure advertising performance,
(e) understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources,
(f) develop and improve services,
(g) ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
(h) deliver and present advertising and content,
(i) save and communicate privacy choices.
We have collected such personal information from the following categories of sources:
Our business partners i.e.:
(a) Supply Side Platforms
(b) Publishers.
We shared such personal information with the following categories of third parties:
We share this information only with our service providers such as data centers and companies of RTB House Corporate Group that provide us with technical support and campaign management services.
6.3. Disclosures and Sale of Personal Information
Over the preceding 12 months, we have not sold any categories of California residents’ personal information to third parties. We disclosed the following categories of California residents’ personal information to Supply Side Platforms: online identifiers.
6.4. Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
You have a right to request the deletion of personal information that we collect or maintain about you. To submit a request to delete personal information, please submit an email request to
dpo@rtbhouse.com
and include “California Request to Delete” in the subject line. Please specify in your request the personal information about you that you would like to have deleted, which can be all of your personal information as required by the CCPA.
We will ask that you provide certain information to verify your identity. The information that we ask you to provide to verify your identity will depend on your prior interactions with us and the sensitivity of the personal information at issue. Once we have verified your identity, we will ask you to confirm that you wish to have your personal information deleted. Once confirmed, we will respond to your request in accordance with the CCPA. If we deny your request, we will explain why.
6.5. Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information by a
business. We do not, and will not, sell your personal information. However, if you wish for RTB House to stop providing personalized advertisements for you, you can opt-out of our technology.
6.6. Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights
You may not be discriminated against because you exercise any of your rights under the CCPA in violation of Cal. Civ. Code §1798.125.
6.7. Authorized Agent
You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf if:
The authorized agent is a natural person or a business entity registered with the Secretary of State of California; and
You sign a written declaration that you authorize the authorized agent to act on your behalf.
If you use an authorized agent to submit a request to exercise your right to know or your right to request deletion, please have the authorized agent take the following steps in addition to the steps described in Sections 2 and 3 above:
Mail a certified copy of your written declaration authorizing the authorized agent to act on your behalf to
dpo@rtbhouse.com
and
Provide any information we request in our response to your email to verify your identity. The information that we ask you to provide to verify your identity will depend on your prior interactions with us and the sensitivity of the personal information at issue.
If you provide an authorized agent with power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465, it may not be necessary to perform these steps and we will respond to any request from such authorized agent in accordance with the CCPA.
6.8. Contact for More Information
If you have questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy or practices, you may contact us using the following details:
Email address:
dpo@rtbhouse.com
Postal address: 135 Madison Ave, 33 East 33rd Street, NY 10016, New York
Last Updated: January 1, 2020
6.9. PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION AS A SERVICE PROVIDER
As a service provider of our Clients, RTB House processes the following
categories of personal information on behalf of our clients for the purpose of
direct marketing of Client’s goods or services:
(a) unique online identifiers, including cookie IDs and mobile advertising IDs;
(b) data related to consumers’ activity on the digital properties controlled by the
Client;
(c) technical browser and device information (“user agent”);
(d) timestamps recording consumer’s activity on the Client’s websites. In the event that the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) applies, RTB House: (a) will not sell any consumer personal information collected on our Client’s website in relation to providing digital advertising services to the Client (“Consumer Personal Information”);
(b) will not retain, use or disclose the Consumer Personal Information for any purposes, other than for the specific purpose of performing the services specified in the agreement i.e. direct marketing of the Client’s goods or services, by optimization, selection and delivery of personalized advertisements to consumers on third party digital properties, or as otherwise permitted by the CCPA;
(c) will not retain, use or disclose the consumer personal information outside of the direct business relationship between RTB House and the Client under the agreement; and
(d) will honor the request of any consumer to delete that Consumer Personal Information, however that request may be received – either directly from the consumer, from an authorized agent of the consumer, or from the Client – unless RTB House, otherwise is permitted by law to not delete the consumer personal information.
7. LGPD Privacy Policy
7.1. Data controller
Under the Brazilian Personal General Data Protection Law (“LGPD”), RTB House Brazil Serviços de Tecnologia em Internet LTDA, Av. Brigadeiro Faria Lima, 1485, Andar 1, Sala 117, Torre Norte, Jardim Paulistano, São Paulo, (“RTB House” or “We” or “Us”) disclosure information about our data processing practices as required by the LGPD.
7.2. Data Protection Officer
We have appointed a data protection officer. It is a person you may contact regarding any issues related to privacy issues at RTB House and the exercise of your rights concerning the processing of your personal data.
You may contact our Data Protection Officer Katarzyna Kamińska:
by mail to the following address: RTB House SA, 61/101 Złota St., 00-819 Warsaw, Poland and
by e-mail:
dpo@rtbhouse.com
.
7.3. Purpose of the processing
We will process your personal data, which includes storing and accessing certain information on your device (such as cookies or device identifiers) in order to carry out the following:
use limited data to select advertising,
create profiles for personalized advertising,
use profiles to select personalized advertising,
measure advertising performance,
understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources,
develop and improve services,
ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors,
deliver and present advertising and content,
save and communicate privacy choices.
7.4. Categories of personal data
For the above purposes, we will process the following categories of your personal data:
unique online identifiers (including cookie IDs and mobile advertising IDs);
URLs of the web pages you visited (“referrer”);
data related to ad impressions and your interactions with our ads on publishers’ websites or apps;
technical browser and device information (“user agent”);
timestamps
IP addresses indicating your general (non-specific) location.
7.5. Legal basis for the processing
The legal basis for the processing of your personal data for the purposes of (1) using limited data to select advertising, (2) measuring advertising performance, (3) developing and improving services, (4) creating profiles for personalized advertising, (5) using profiles to select personalized advertising, (6) understanding audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, is the consent you give on publishers’ websites or apps. You are entitled to withdraw the consent to the processing of your personal data by us at any moment.
You may do so by clicking an opt-out button on our opt-out page: https://optout.rtbhouse.com or by contacting us directly at:
dpo@rtbhouse.com
.
With respect to (1) ensuring security, preventing fraud, and fixing errors, (2) delivering and presenting advertising, and (3) saving and communicating privacy choices, the legal basis for the processing of your personal data is the legitimate interest of the controller, pursuant to Article 7 IX of the LGPD.
7.6. Sources of personal data
We obtain your data either from publishers, on whose digital properties we display our advertisements, or from supply-side platforms (SSPs), cooperating with publishers for the purposes of delivering personalized advertisements. An example of an SSP we cooperate with is Google AdX. You can read more about Google's privacy practices and its use of cookies on this website.
We collect some of the information, such as data related to ad impressions and your interactions with ads, from publishers’ websites or apps.
7.7. Recipients of personal data
We may transfer your data to our processors (e.g., IT service providers and data centers), where such entities process data on the basis of a contract with us and only in accordance with our instructions.
We may also transfer very limited amounts of data to our business partners (e.g., SSPs) in response to a bid request in order to be technically able to display an ad.
7.8. Data subject’s rights
You have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
confirmation of the existence of the processing (article 18, I LGPD);
access to the data (article 18, II LGPD);
correction of incomplete, inaccurate, or out-of-date data (article 18, III LGPD);
anonymization, blocking, or deletion of unnecessary or excessive data or data processed in noncompliance with the provisions of the LGPD (article 18, IV LGPD);
portability of the data to another service or product provider by means of an express request and subject to commercial and industrial secrecy, pursuant to the regulation of the controlling agency (article 18, V LGPD);
deletion of personal data processed with the consent of the data subject, except in the situations provided in LGPD (article 18, VI LGPD);
information about public and private entities with which we shared data (article 18, VII LGPD);
information about the possibility of denying consent and the consequences of such denial (article 18, VIII LGPD);
revocation of consent, e.g., by means of an opt-out procedure (article 18, IX LGPD);
the petition, regarding your data, against us before the National Data Protection Authority (“ANPD”) (article 18, §1 LGPD)
oppose the processing carried out based on one of the situations of waiver of consent if there is noncompliance with the provisions of the LGPD (article 18, §2 LGPD)
7.9. Profiling
Within the scope of processing that we undertake as a data controller, we conduct activities that may be deemed “profiling” of your personal data only to a very limited extent (i.e., analysis of data regarding ad impressions and your interactions with our ads for ad measurement purposes).
We do, however, conduct profiling with respect to the data related to your browsing activity on advertisers’ websites or apps (i.e., data we process on behalf of advertisers as a data processor). We analyze it in order to display to you an ad that we believe you will be most interested in, as described in Section pertaining to the purposes of the processing included above.
In any case, the profiling does not produce any legal effects toward users or similarly significantly affects them. In particular, it does not result in price discrimination among the users based on their behavioral profile.
7.10. Retention periods
We immediately delete all data received in bid requests, except for a minor fraction needed for statistical and analytical purposes (including brand safety and fraud detection), which is stored for no more than 100 days.
The data regarding ad impressions and your interactions with the ad is kept as long as it is needed for statistical, settlement, and product development purposes. It is stored for no longer than 500 days from its collection, except that the data from ad interactions is stored for additional 65 days on our backup systems, where it is not actively used and is deleted according to the predefined retention schedule.
After the lapse of periods specified above, the data is truncated or effectively anonymized.
In any case, we promptly respond to data subject requests related to the execution of the right to delete all personal data covered by a given request.
7.11. Transfers to third countries and safeguards
We shall not transfer or permit any of your personal data to be transferred to a territory outside of Brazil unless we have taken such measures that are necessary to ensure that the transfer is in compliance with applicable laws, especially but not limited to, the provisions of article 33 of the LGPD.
RTB House may transfer personal data to the European Union only for the purposes of the processing indicated above.
7.12. Further Processing
If we need to use your personal data for a purpose not covered by this notice, we will provide you with a new notice explaining such new use and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions prior to commencing the processing. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing operation.
7.13. Contact details and lodging a complaint with supervisory authority
To exercise all relevant rights and the queries of complaints, please contact us via e-mail (
dpo@rtbhouse.com
).
You are also entitled to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority:
Autoridade Nacional de Proteção de Dados (ANPD)
Praça dos Três Poderes - Brasília (DF) - Planalto Palace, Annex I, Wing B, Room 101.
https://www.gov.br/anpd/pt-br
8. Data Security Measures
We have implemented organizational and technical measures to assure an appropriate level of security of your data. We have deployed procedures regarding every aspect of data processing, and we carefully select technologies used for such processing and any data recipients.
Your data is protected against human interactions, equipment malfunctions, internal or external attacks, losses, or misuses. We store it in top-tier multi-tenant data centers operated by market-leading companies with appropriate data security certifications (in particular ISO 27001). In order to ensure the ongoing confidentiality and availability of your data, we use encryption and a back-up mechanism.
We constantly monitor the implemented security measures and develop the awareness and knowledge about privacy and personal data protection at our company on an ongoing basis.
9. Exercising Your Privacy Rights
If, after having been acquainted with the extent of data collected about your online activity, you have any concerns about your privacy, then you may disallow the collection of data by means of tracking technologies used by us specifically or by all providers in the following ways.
You may
disable cookies in your web browser and mobile devices
, which will prevent the collection of data by all providers.
For web browsers, please refer to your browser’s settings, as the procedure may depend on the browser you use. Please note that, due to the common use of cookies, turning them off may prevent you from using a variety of websites.
For mobile devices, please use device settings.
For iOS, select “Privacy” → “Tracking” → disable “Allow Apps to Request to Track”.
For Android, select “Users Area” → “Google” → “Ads” → “Opt out of Ads Personalization”.
You may also
opt out specifically from RTB House tracking technology
that will prevent us from collecting information from your browser and result in the deletion or effective anonymization of all data previously collected. In order to opt out from RTB House personalized ads, please use the following link:
Given that cookies are stored in a particular Internet browser, if you use more browsers or more devices, you must opt-out from each of them.
Furthermore, opt-out is conducted by inserting another “opt-out cookie” in your browser. Therefore, if you delete all cookies in your browser’s settings, then you will also delete an opt-out cookie. In those cases, you may need to opt-out again.
Please note that upon an advertiser’s specific request, we may configure and support the ad campaigns of the advertiser’s products of services on Facebook. If you wish to disallow the display of personalized ads on Facebook, then please manage your
Facebook Ad Settings
.
The GDPR grants you additional rights, such as the right of access, rectification, erasure, or portability of your personal data and the right to object to or restrict the processing and to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. Furthermore, where we have collected and processed your personal data subject to your consent, you can withdraw it at any time. Such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of the processing we have conducted prior to your withdrawal. To learn more, see our
GDPR notice
, or contact our Data Protection Officer.
10. Privacy Policy Changes
In order to develop the privacy protection, we may deem it fit or necessary to update this Privacy Policy at any time. Please follow our website where we will inform you about any material changes to our Privacy Policy.
11. Contact
If you have any further questions related to your privacy, please do not hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer at the following:
Data Protection Officer
RTB House S.A.
61/101 Złota Street
00-819 Warsaw, Poland
dpo@rtbhouse.com
Last updated: July 12th, 2024
Sub-policy 4
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/:
Products
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
Partners
View all resources
More about us
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 5
https://legal.yahoo.com/ie/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html:
Terms
Privacy Centre
Back
Privacy Centre
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Controls
How Digital Advertising Works
Topics
Cookie Policy
Copyright/IP
Community Guidelines
Terms
Privacy Centre
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Controls
How Digital Advertising Works
Topics
Cookie Policy
Copyright/IP
Community Guidelines
Yahoo privacy policy
Yahoo privacy policy
Expand all
Collapse all
Version 3.1, last updated July 2023 (see the
previous privacy policy
here).
This privacy policy describes who we are, what information we collect from you, how we process your information, who we share it with, and your rights under data protection laws.
To make it easier for you to navigate this privacy policy, we have put certain words and phrases in
bold
. You can click on them to see a definition of the word or phrase.
1. Who we are
We, Yahoo EMEA Limited, are a technology and media company. Yahoo EMEA Limited is a company established under the laws of Ireland and with headquarters located at ####Dublin-v2address#### Ireland. Yahoo EMEA Limited is the data controller, meaning that we are responsible for why and how the personal information we collect through our services is used and held.
We provide the following services.
Our
consumer services
, under brands such as Yahoo and AOL. We can offer you most of these sites and apps for free, thanks to our digital advertising services.
Our
digital advertising services
, which choose, display and measure the ads which are shown to you on our, and our partners’, sites and apps.
Learn more about how digital advertising works
.
In this privacy policy, our consumer services and digital advertising services are referred to together as ‘our services’.
2. When this privacy policy applies
This privacy policy applies when:
you use the
consumer services
, as described in our
Terms of Service
, in the United Kingdom, the European Union (EU), the European Economic Area (EEA), the Middle East or Africa
you use other companies’ sites and apps that use our
digital advertising services
, or
we use your information that was provided to us by others (for example, if we process information about you that we get from partners or publicly accessible websites).
This privacy policy does not apply:
when you are a business customer of our digital advertising services (our
business to business privacy policy
applies instead)
when you visit other websites and apps through links on our consumer services
when you do not use our services (our
information notice for people who do not use Yahoo services
applies instead)
to our employees, during the course of their work, or
when the provider of the services you use is another Yahoo company (and not Yahoo EMEA Limited).
Throughout this privacy policy we refer to different categories of personal information that we process.
Click on + on the right to learn more about these categories of information.
The table below provides more detail about the categories of information we collect and process.
4. How we collect your information
We collect information about you at different times and from different sources, depending on:
how you use our
consumer services
how you interact with our
digital advertising services
your privacy settings with us
your privacy settings with other companies who have the right to share information with us, and
whether we have the right to use your information from publicly available sources.
We collect some of this information by using
cookies and similar technologies
. Learn more in our
cookie policy
.
When you use our
consumer services
or use other companies' sites or apps that use our
digital advertising services
, we collect your information.
Click on + on the right to learn more about when we collect your information.
We collect the following information that you provide to us when you use our consumer services.
We collect the following information when you use our consumer services (direct collection).
We collect the following information when you use third party sites and apps that use our digital advertising services (indirect collection).
We collect the following information from partners through contractual agreements, or from publicly available sources.
When you use our
consumer services
or use other companies' sites or apps that use our
digital advertising services
, we use your information for the following purposes:
to provide the consumer services to you
to provide advertising to you, including to build
interest profiles
to personalise the ads we show to you
to personalise the content we show you, including to build interest profiles
to directly market our consumer services to you
to understand, develop, and improve our services
to develop and provide insights about our services
to authenticate our users and protect our systems from, for example, fraudulent, abusive or unlawful activity
to investigate, identify, bring or defend against legal claims, and
to keep to relevant laws and regulations (that is, for legal compliance).
When we process information in connection with these purposes, we rely on legal bases (valid legal reasons). The legal bases we rely on are as follows.
Contract
- the processing is necessary for a contract you have with us, or because you have asked us to take specific steps before entering into a contract with us.
Consent
- you have given us clear permission.
Legitimate interests
- the processing is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, unless there is a good reason to protect your personal information and that takes priority over our or a third party’s legitimate interests.
Legal obligation
- the processing is necessary for us to keep to any law that applies (not including our obligations under any contract).
Vital interests
- the processing is necessary to protect someone’s life.
Click on + on the right to learn more.
To perform our contract with you
We process your information when it is necessary to enter into or keep our contract with you. You can find the terms of the contract in the
Terms of Service
.
Processing carried out to provide you with our consumer services
With your consent
We need your
consent
(permission) to use your information for certain processing activities. This means that we will only perform this processing once you agree by taking an action such as clicking ‘I agree’. You can withdraw your consent for any of the processing stated below (i to v) through
your privacy controls
.
Processing carried out to provide certain features of our consumer services
Processing carried out to provide tailored advertising, including to build an advertising interest profile
Processing carried out to provide tailored content to you, including to build a content interest profile
Processing carried out to market our services directly to you and promote partners’ products and services
Processing carried out to understand, develop and improve our consumer services
Based on legitimate interest
We process your information when it is in our or our partners’
legitimate interests
.
Processing carried out to measure, understand, develop, and improve our consumer services
Processing carried out for authentication and security purposes, including to prevent and detect fraudulent, abusive or unlawful activity
Processing carried out to investigate, identify, bring or defend against legal claims, to share information with other relevant parties, including law-enforcement agencies, and to respond to legal requests
Processing carried out to provide advertising
Meet our legal obligations
We process your information when it is necessary for us to do so in order to meet our legal obligations.
Protect vital interests
We process your information when it is necessary for us to do so in order to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
Below are the categories of recipients we share your information with.
Click on + on the right to learn more about these recipients and why we share your information with them.
You have certain rights over your information, including the right to receive a copy of your personal information, to control how we process certain information, and to correct or delete personal information.
This section provides further information on your rights and how to exercise them.
These rights may be limited in certain circumstances. For example, when we:
cannot verify your identity
are required by law to restrict your privacy rights
have a valid business reason to keep your personal information, or
must protect the rights of others.
Click on + on the right to learn more.
How to exercise your privacy rights
You can exercise your privacy rights by visiting
your privacy controls
. You can also exercise your privacy rights by filling in our
privacy form
.
Withdraw your consent
If you have given us your
consent
to process your information or to use
cookies and similar technologies
, you can withdraw your consent at any time. You can do this through
your privacy controls
.
Please note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out based on your consent before it was withdrawn.
Object to the processing of your information
You have the right to object to us processing your personal information. You can update your marketing preferences at any time by visiting
your privacy controls
. You can also object by filling in our
privacy form
.
When you make an objection we will consider a number of factors including:
your reasonable expectations
the benefits and risks to you, us or other people, and
other available ways that would achieve the same outcome.
Restrict the processing of your information
In certain circumstances you can restrict the processing of your information for a period of time, as long as there are valid reasons for doing so. To do this please contact us using our
privacy form
.
Get copies of your information
You have the right to ask us for a copy of the personal information we hold about you. You can download a copy of your information from
your privacy controls
or by using our
privacy form
.
Get your information in an accessible way
This right, known as the right to data portability, allows you to receive information that is accessible and machine-readable, and to ask an organisation to transfer your information to another organisation (for example, another email provider). You can arrange this through
your privacy controls
.
Delete your information
You have the right, in certain cases, to ask us to delete your information. We will delete the information unless we are required by law to keep it or we have a valid business reason for keeping it.
You can delete your account and the information associated with it, at any time, by visiting
your privacy controls
or by contacting us using our
privacy form
.
When you ask us to delete your account, we will delete your information or make it anonymous within 30 days, unless there are overriding circumstances for us to keep it (for example, if we are required by law to keep it).
You can ask for specific URLs to no longer appear in search results for your name on Yahoo Search and AOL Search. This is often referred to as the right to be forgotten. You can make this request by visiting our
right to be forgotten page
.
Correct your information
You have the right to correct the information you provided if it is no longer accurate or is incomplete. You can update your information at any time by visiting your
account info
page or you can contact us using our
privacy form
.
Raise a concern
If you have any questions or concerns about how your information is processed, you can contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing
dpo-contact@yahooinc.com
or by writing to us at the address provided in the
how to contact us
section below. If you are not satisfied with our response, you also have the right to make a complaint to the data protection regulator in the country you live or work in. Find your
local data protection regulator
.
If you live in Switzerland, you can
contact the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC)
.
If you live in the UK you can contact the
Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
.
9. How we protect your information
We take protecting your information seriously. We follow a comprehensive information-security program and use technical and organisational measures, such as two-step verification, encryption,
pseudonymisation
and ongoing security training for our employees, to protect your information. We also continually evaluate emerging threats, the latest security technologies and best practices.
When you contact us, we will ask you to provide certain information so we can confirm your identity and your right to access the account. This is to make sure your account and associated information are protected from unauthorised access.
We generally store your information for as long as is necessary for:
the purposes described in section 6 of this privacy policy
other legitimate purposes, such as meeting our legal obligations and enforcing our terms of service, and
security purposes.
In some cases, we store your information for longer (for example when we need to keep to legal requirements).
Click on + on the right to learn more.
The period we keep your information for depends on factors such as:
the type of information
why it has been collected and is being processed
business needs (for example, creating backups so we can restore our services after a disaster), and
any legal requirements we must keep to.
For example, we keep the content of your email account for as long as your account is active. To keep your account active you must log in at least once every 12 months. If your account becomes inactive, your mailbox will be automatically deleted and cannot be restored. If your account continues to be inactive for a further six months, making it inactive for a total of 18 months, your account will be automatically scheduled for deactivation and deletion by our systems. We will tell you using your alternative communications channel (if you have set one up) before this happens.
Please note that paid subscriber accounts remain active during the subscription period regardless of account activity.
We work with Yahoo companies (our affiliates) and other companies in different countries. These countries may have privacy and data protection laws which are different from those in your country.
When we transfer your information, we rely on appropriate safeguards being in place to protect information that is transferred to other countries.
Click on + on the right to learn more about these safeguards.
When we transfer information to our affiliates or companies in other countries, we make sure that safeguards are in place to protect the information. The safeguards we rely on are:
adequacy decisions
, if the recipient is in a country that is considered ‘adequate’ by the EEA and the UK, and
standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission or the United Kingdom.
The countries we transfer personal information to include Australia, the United Kingdom, India, the United States, Canada, Singapore, Taiwan and Israel.
We may rely on other conditions to transfer your information, such as when the transfer is necessary:
to keep to a contract that has been entered into, in your interests, between the data controller and another party
to establish, bring or defend legal claims
for important reasons of public interest, or
to protect the vital interests of a person.
If you have any questions about the standard contractual clauses, or would like to get a copy of them, you can contact us using our
privacy form
or the contact information provided in the section below.
12. How to contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, want to raise a concern with us, or want to exercise your privacy rights, the quickest and easiest way to do so is to get in touch with us using our online
privacy form
.
You can also write to us at:
The Privacy Team
Yahoo EMEA Limited ####Dublinaddress####Ireland
If you want to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can email
dpo-contact@yahooinc.com
or write to:
The Data Protection Officer
Yahoo EMEA Limited ####Dublinaddress####Ireland
UK residents can also contact our UK GDPR representative by emailing YahooUKGDPRrepresentative@mhcldn.com or writing to:
MHC U.K. GDPR Representative
Mason Hayes & Curran LLP
1 Cornhill, London
EC3V 3ND
United Kingdom
13. Changes to this privacy policy
We will make changes to this privacy policy from time to time.
Some of our changes will be minor, but if we make a significant change to how we use or share your information we will tell you beforehand.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
Sub-policy 6
https://legal.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html:
Terms
Privacy Center
Back
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
Back
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Back
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Terms
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Welcome to the Yahoo Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 2024
About Yahoo
Yahoo, previously known as Verizon Media, is a technology and media company that provides a range of services. We serve our consumers, partners, advertisers and talent through our portfolio of digital platforms, products and services offered under our AOL, Yahoo and other
brands
.
We provide control tools to help you manage your experience with us. If you have an existing Yahoo or AOL account, you will need to agree to this Privacy Policy. If you have not yet agreed to this Privacy Policy, the
legacy Yahoo Privacy Policy
or
legacy Oath Privacy Policy (for AOL)
still apply to your account. For Yahoo products or services that are accessed without signing in to an account, this Privacy Policy applies to those products and services as of May 25, 2018. If you are creating a new account, the terms below apply starting today.
Except as set out elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, when we refer to ‘Yahoo’, it means Yahoo Inc., the US-established company that supplies the Services to you (and acts as data controller of the personal data Yahoo collects when you use those Services).
Our Privacy Pledge
Our commitment is to put users first. We strive to be transparent about how we collect and use your information, to keep your information secure and to provide you meaningful choices.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information Yahoo, its affiliates and its house of global
brands
(“Yahoo,” “us,” “our” or “we”) collect, why we collect it and what we do with it. This policy applies to Yahoo
brands
, websites, apps, advertising services, products, services or technologies (we’ll collectively refer to these as “Services”). Additional privacy practices for certain Services can be found in
Details for Specific Products and Services
.
Your Controls
We believe you should have tools to control your information. You can find controls to manage or review your account information, marketing preferences, location data, and search history at
Privacy Controls
. Some of our Services provide additional controls and privacy practices. (
See, Details for Specific Products and Services
)
Information Collection and Use - General
Certain categories of information collected by Yahoo are necessary to use our Services, such as the information you must provide when registering for some Services.
We may collect and combine information when you interact with Yahoo Services information outlined below:
Information You Provide to Us.
We may collect the information that you provide to us, such as:
When you create an account with a Yahoo Service or brand. (Please note, when you use our Services, we may recognize you or your devices even if you are not signed in to our Services.) Yahoo may use device IDs, cookies, and other signals, including information obtained from third parties, to associate accounts and/or devices with you.
When you use our Services to communicate with others or post, upload or store content (such as comments, photos, voice inputs, videos, emails, messaging services and attachments).
Yahoo analyzes and stores all communications content, including email content from incoming and outgoing mail. This allows us to deliver, personalize and develop relevant features, content, advertising and Services.
When you otherwise use our Services, such as title queries, watch history, page views, search queries, view the content we make available or install any Yahoo software such as plugins.
When you sign up for paid Services, use Services that require your financial information or complete transactions with us or our business partners, we may collect your payment and billing information.
Device Information.
We collect information from your devices (computers, mobile phones, tablets, etc.), including information about how you interact with our Services and those of our third-party partners and information that allows us to recognize and associate your activity across devices and Services. This information includes device specific identifiers and information such as
IP address
,
cookie information
, mobile device and advertising identifiers, browser version, operating system type and version, mobile network information, device settings, and software data. We may recognize your devices to provide you with personalized experiences and advertising across the devices you use.
Location Information.
We collect location information from a variety of sources. You can learn more about and manage your location permissions on our
Locations page
and by visiting the location settings tool on your devices.
Information from Cookies and Other Technologies.
We collect information when you access content,
advertising
, sites, interactive widgets, applications, and other products (both on and off of our Services) where Yahoo data collection technologies (such as
web beacons
, development tools,
cookies and other technologies
, etc.) are present. These data collection technologies allow us to understand your activity on and off our Services and to collect and store information when you interact with Services we offer to partners.
This information also includes the content or ads served, viewed or clicked on; cursor and scroll movements on our Services; certain screen interactions and content you input on the Services; the frequency and duration of your activities; the sites or apps you used before accessing our Services and where you went next; whether you engaged with specific content or ads; and whether you went on to visit an advertiser's website, downloaded an advertiser’s app, purchased a product or service advertised, or took other actions.
Information from Others.
We collect information about you when we receive it from other users, third-parties, and affiliates, such as:
When you connect your account to third-party services or sign in using a third-party partner (like Facebook or Twitter).
From publicly-available sources.
From advertisers about your experiences or interactions with their offerings.
When we obtain information from third-parties or
other companies
, such as those that use our Services. This may include your activity on other sites and apps as well as information those third-parties provide to you or us.
How We Use This Information
We are able to deliver, personalize, and improve our Services by combining and using the information we have about you (including information we receive on and off our Services) to understand how you use and interact with our Services and the people or things you’re connected to and interested in. We also may use the information we have about you for the following purposes:
Provide, maintain, improve, and develop relevant features, content, and Services.
Analyze your content and other information (including emails, instant messages, posts
photos, attachments, and other communications
). You can review and control certain types of information tied to your Yahoo account by using
Privacy Controls
.
Fulfill your requests and when authorized by you.
Help advertisers and publishers connect to offer relevant advertising in their apps and websites.
Match and serve targeted advertising (across devices and both on and off of our Services) and provide
targeted advertising
based on your device activity, inferred interests and location information.
Contact you with information about your account or with marketing messages, which
you can also control
.
Associate your activity across our Services and your different devices as well as associate any accounts you may use across Yahoo Services together. We may associate activity and accounts under a single user ID.
Carry out or support
promotions
.
Conduct research and support innovation.
Create analytics and reports for external parties, including partners, publishers, advertisers, apps,
third-parties
and the public regarding the use of and trends within our Services and ads, including showing trends to partners regarding general preferences, the effectiveness of ads and information on user experiences. These analytics and reports may include aggregate or pseudonymized information.
Provide location-based Services, advertising, search results, and other content consistent with your
location settings
.
Combine information we have about you with information we obtain from business partners or
other companies
, such as your activities on other sites and apps.
Detect and defend against fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful activity.
We provide you with controls to manage your experience with us. For example, you can review or edit your
account information
, manage your
marketing preferences
, or
opt out of targeted ads
. If you opt out, you will continue to see ads, but they may not be as relevant or useful to you.
If you are located in the European Union or European Economic Area or in the UK (EU/EEA/UK), please see Section 10 “Our Legal Bases for Processing Information” for more information that applies to your use of our Services.
How We Share This Information
Yahoo shares information within its affiliated brands and companies. We also share information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including to provide Services that you have requested (including when you connect with
third-party apps and widgets
). We do not sell, license or share information that individually identifies our customers with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With Your Consent.
We will share information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo when we have your consent.
Within Yahoo.
Information may also be shared within Yahoo, including with other Yahoo Services and affiliates. Yahoo affiliates may use the information in a manner consistent with their privacy policies.
With Partners.
We may share your information with nonaffiliated companies who are:
Trusted Partners.
We provide user information to or enable the collection of user information by trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo based on our directions and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality measures.
Advertising, Analytics and Business Partners (Limited to Non-Personally Identifiable Information).
We may share aggregated or pseudonymous information (including demographic information) with partners, such as publishers, advertisers, measurement analytics, apps, or
other companies
. For example, we may tell an advertiser how its ads performed or report how many people installed an app after seeing a promotion. We do not share personally identifiable information (like phone number or email address) with these partners, such as publishers, advertisers, ad agencies, or analytics partners.
When you use third-party apps, websites or other products integrated with our Services, they may collect information about your activities subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
We allow
other companies
that show advertisements on our webpages or apps to collect information from your browsers or devices. Other companies' use of cookies and other data collection technologies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.
For Legal and Other Purposes.
We may access, preserve and disclose information to investigate, prevent, or take action in connection with: (i) legal process and legal requests; (ii) enforcement of the
Terms
; (iii) claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties; (iv) requests for customer service; (v) technical issues; (vi) protecting the rights, property or personal safety of Yahoo, its users or the public; (vii) establishing or exercising our legal rights or defending against legal claims; or (viii) as otherwise required by law.
This may include responding to lawful governmental requests. Learn more about how we
evaluate and respond to these requests
.
New Ownership.
If the ownership or control of all or part of Yahoo or a specific Services changes as a result of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we may transfer your information to the new owner.
Details for Specific Products and Services
Additional privacy practices for certain Yahoo Services are included
here
.
Information Security and Data Retention
Yahoo has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access, use or disclosure of customer information we collect or store.
Yahoo will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the applicable Yahoo Services to you. In some cases, Yahoo has certain business or legal requirements that result in an obligation to retain your personal information for an extended period of time. These obligations may include financial record keeping, ensuring continuity of our products or services, security, fraud, and abuse prevention, or compliance with our legal obligations. In some limited cases, we may keep data for longer than needed for the purposes set out in the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
, such as: (i) replicating or backing up certain data to “offline” storage for disaster recovery purposes; (ii) truncating, redacting or summarizing raw data, log files and database records into statistical aggregate data or probabilistic data structures to understand long term trends; (iii) maintaining de-identified data for varying periods for research, reporting and product testing or development (in these cases, unique identifiers and linkages to existing data about you are broken or removed so that this data is no longer associated with you, your browser, or device); or (iv) keeping and using certain data to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements (for example, we might keep data associated with an account subject to litigation or a request from law enforcement). For specific information about your personal information or how your personal information is processed by a particular Yahoo product or service you may interact with, please log into the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
.
Protecting Children’s Privacy
Our Services are for a general audience. We do not knowingly collect, use, or share information that could reasonably be used to identify children under age 13 without prior parental consent or consistent with applicable law. With parental permission, a child under age 13 might have a Yahoo Family Account. Visit
Children's Privacy & Family Accounts
to learn more about children’s privacy at Yahoo.
Our Legal Bases for Processing Information.
We mainly rely on three separate bases to lawfully process your information. First, we need to process your information in certain ways to provide our services to you, in accordance with our Terms of Service. This processing is necessary to perform the contract between you and us. Second, where you have given us consent to use your information in certain ways, we will rely on your consent. Third, in certain cases, we may process your information where necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of third parties, where those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests. Occasionally, Yahoo may rely on other legal bases to process your information, such as to protect a user’s vital interests (such as where there is a risk of imminent harm) or to comply with a legal obligation. Please see our
Legal bases
page for more information.
Data Processing and Transfers
When you use or interact with any of our Services, you consent to the data processing, sharing, transferring and uses of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Regardless of the country where you reside, you authorize us to transfer, process, store and use your information in countries other than your own in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to provide you with Services. Some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the country where you reside.
Yahoo processes information related to individuals in the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland and receives that information from the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland through various compliance mechanisms, including the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the UK Extension to the DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Where appropriate, we also rely on other transfer mechanisms such as data processing agreements based on Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission or the United Kingdom. For more information, please visit our
Data Transfer
page.
The United States and other non-EU/EEA/UK countries have different laws on data protection and rules in relation to government access to information. If you are based in the EU/EEA/UK, when your data is moved from your home country to a third country outside the EU/EEA/UK, some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as your home country.
Other Important Information
This Privacy Policy Applies Only to Yahoo.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control, or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage. In addition, some affiliated products may have different privacy policies and practices that are not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so you should check it periodically. If we make changes that are material we will provide you with appropriate notice before such changes take effect.
Questions & Suggestions
If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please complete a
feedback form
or you can contact us at:
Yahoo
Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues
770 Broadway, New York
NY 10003, USA
If you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can do so by post to: Attn: Data Protection Officer, Yahoo EMEA, The EXO Building, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, D01 W5Y2, Ireland.
Our Article 27 Representative can be contacted by email at
YahooGDPRrepresentative@mhc.ie
, or by post at:
MHC GDPR Representative
Mason Hayes and Curran Professional Services Limited
South Bank House
Barrow Street
Dublin 4
Ireland
Recent Updates
May 2018 - update to privacy notice;
October 2019 - Oath to Verizon Media name change;
October 2020 - updates to data transfers and legal bases; and
September 2021 - updates to reflect name change; additional information added regarding data retention;
September 2024 - updates to data transfers.
December 2024 - updates to Information from Cookies and Other Technologies; additional information added regarding data sharing with trusted partners.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
Sub-policy 7
http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager02.html:
Accessibility
Home
Support
Documentation
Flash Player Documentation
Flash Player Help
Settings Manager
Global Privacy Settings panel
Global Storage Settings panel
Global Security Settings panel
Website Privacy Settings panel
Website Storage Settings panel
Protected Content Playback Settings panel
Peer-Assisted Networking Panel
Table of Contents
Flash Player Help
Display settings
Privacy settings
Local storage settings
Microphone settings
Camera settings
Local storage pop-up question
Privacy pop-up question
Security pop-up question
Peer-assisted networking pop-up question
Global Privacy Settings panel
This content requires Flash
Download the free Flash Player now!
Note:
The Settings Manager that you see above is not an image; it is the actual Settings Manager. Click the tabs to see different panels, and click the options in the panels to change your Adobe Flash Player settings.
Use this panel to reset the privacy settings in  Flash Player:
If you select Always Deny and then confirm your selection, any website that tries to use your camera or microphone will be denied access. You will not be asked again if a website can use your camera or microphone. This action applies both to websites you have already visited and to those you haven't yet visited.
If you select Always Ask and then confirm your selection, any website that tries to use your camera or microphone must ask your permission. This action applies both to websites you have already visited and to those you haven't yet visited.
If you previously selected Remember in the
Privacy Settings
panel to permanently allow or deny access for one or more websites, selecting Always Ask or Always Deny has the effect of deselecting Remember for all those websites. In other words, the selection you make here overrides any previous selections you may have made in the
Privacy Settings
panel.
After you select either Always Ask or Always Deny (or instead of doing so), you can specify privacy settings for individual websites that you have already visited. For example, you might select Always Deny here and then use the
Website Privacy Settings Panel
and select Always Allow for individual websites that you know and trust.
For an overview of issues relating to privacy, see
What are privacy settings?
in the discussion of the Settings Manager.