Features
More Apps
Terms
Privacy
The No-frills Torchlight App
Fastest. Brightest. Reliable.
Different Modes
3 modes to choose from easily. Toggle, touch and strobe.
iPad Support
Supports iPad too. If camera LED is unavailable, the iPad screen brightens up to use as a torch.
Apple Watch
Control the torch conveniently with your Apple Watch.
SOS
Strobe on and off at set frequency.
Other Apps You Might Enjoy
Dualgram
Poo Keeper
Jade
Baby Log
SG Radio
My Money
See All Apps
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://just2us.com/torchlight/privacy:
Features
More Apps
Terms
Privacy
Types of Data NOT collected
First and foremost, we respect our user’s privacy.
Explicitly, we do NOT collect and keep these data on our servers:
Any form of photo/video/audio media formats
GPS location
Personal information
Types of Data collected
When we do collect data, it is for analytical purposes to help in improving the Application.
These data are collected:
Interactions with the Application user interface (UI) such as:
how many times you use a certain torch mode
how long you have the torch on
how long you spent per session
Crashes and errors
Place of processing the Data
The Data is processed at the Data Controller’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located. The parties involved includes:
Apple
Google’s Firebase
Google’s Admob (if there are ads)
Data Retention & Deletion
You may at any time request for your data to be deleted. Consequently we will forward your request to the parties aforemention that process your data. To request a deletion, please email
support+privacy@just2us.com
.
System Logs and Maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System Logs) or use for this purpose other than Personal Data (such as IP Address).
Changes to this privacy policy
The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Application and can request that the Data Controller remove the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.
Data Controller and Owner
Any aforemention data collected will be owned by Just2us. If you have any privacy and data related enquiry, email
support+privacy@just2us.com
.
Last Modified on 29-Jan-2019