We value your privacy
We and our
partners
store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our  1470 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may click to refuse to consent or access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing.Your preferences will apply to a group of sites and will be stored in Browser Cookies for 13 months. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
Please note that this website/app uses one or more Google services and may gather and store information including but not limited to your visit or usage behaviour. You may click to grant or deny consent to Google and its third-party tags to use your data for below specified purposes in below Google consent section.
BraceletBook
►
Terms of use
Terms of use
The Terms
Since a user becomes our registered member, these Terms of Use applies to him.
The owner of the site reserves the right to update these terms at any time according to the needs of the site.
Consent Management
We participate in IAB Europe's transparency and consent framework and comply with its specifications and guidelines. To this end, we use the Consent Management Platform (CMP) from InMobi as a subcontractor. In accordance with the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework, InMobi is identified as IAB Europe ID #10. InMobi's CMP allows you to grant us data protection compliant consent to process your data and to revoke such consent at any time. You may also object to the processing of data based on our legitimate interest.
Here you will find an overview of your setting options, the purposes and the third parties involved:
Privacy Manager
.
California residents may opt out of the sale of their personal information here:
Do Not Sell My Data
.
General Restrictions of Use
All the contents of this website are only for non-commercial use.
You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software or pictures from this site without permission.
Linking to the site and distributing patterns is allowed only if our watermark is present.
By using this Site, you represent, acknowledge and agree that you are at least 18 years of age, or if you are under 18 years of age but are at least 13 years old (a "Minor"), that you are using the Site with the consent of your parent or legal guardian and that you have received your parent's or legal guardian's permission to use the Site and agree to its Terms. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a Minor, you hereby agree to bind the Minor to these Terms and to fully indemnify and hold harmless the Company if the Minor breaches any of these Terms. If you are not at least 13 years old, you may not use the Site at any time or in any manner or submit any information to the Site.
User Profile Information
Your user information containing your email, username, password, first name, last name, gender, date of birth, country and info is securely stored in our database. Passwords are encrypted, so even admins are NOT able to access them.
User Content and Copyright
Only the creators of patterns, photos, videos and tutorials are allowed to add them.
Any user content (material uploaded by users such as patterns, photos etc) belongs to the respective user. The original creator of the content has the copyright to it.
If a pattern is posted by a user that is not the original creator, the real author decides what is going to happen with that pattern. If the author does not like distribution of his/her patterns this way, then it will be deleted from this site and the user posting it will be punished with temporary or permanent ban.
Any content published to the site may be used by the site admins/moderators for promotional purposes.
Posting Content
Every posted pattern, photo, video and tutorial has to be reviewed by one of our admins/moderators, so it can take a while to complete the process of adding it.
Your pattern or photo can be rejected for a couple of reasons.
Some of them are listed below:
- The pattern or photo contains inappropriate text, or symbols.
- Incomplete work. Missing half of a pattern on a photo, or bad structure of knots on your patterns.
- Existing. If the pattern or photo already exists on this website, there is no reason to approve it.
- If the pattern exists on another website, and is not your creation.
- The pattern is 'alpha' and contains only text. Consider creating a pattern with full alphabet in this case.
Privacy and Protection of Personal Information
When you use and interact with our services, we collect the information you choose to share with us. For example, most of our services require you to set up a basic account, so we need to collect a few important details about you, such as a unique username you choose, a password, an e-mail address, and your date of birth. To make it easier for others to find you, we may also ask you to provide us additional information that will be publicly visible on our services, for example a profile picture, a name, or other identifiable information.
You'll also provide any information you send through our services, such as post and comment uploads. Keep in mind that the posts and comments you upload can be seen publicly, and can always be saved and copied outside of our services. Please don't share content you wouldn't want someone to save or share.
Information we Collect:
- Information about your activity through our services. For example how you interact with our services, such as what sections you look at, what you search for, what posts and comments you upload.
- Content you create on our services, for example the images and text your upload.
- Information about the content you create, for example when you created the content.
- Information from and about the devices you use. For example advertising identifiers and unique application identifiers.
We use your information to provide you with the best products and services we can build and improve.
Here's what we use this information for:
- To develop, maintain, improve, deliver, and protect our products and services.
- Monitor and analyze trends and usages of our products and services.
- Send you communications, including by e-mail.
- Provide ad targeting and measurement, including the use of your precise location information to show relevant ads.
- Enhance and enforce the safety and security of our products and services.
- Verify your identity and prevent fraud, or other authorized and illegal activity.
How we share information:
- With other users: Information about how you interacted with our services, such as the content you saved, the comments you post, and the content you rated.
- With all users, our business partners, and the general public: Your public information is visible to anyone.
Third-party content and integrations:
- Analytics and advertising services: We may let other companies use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies on our services. These companies may collect information about how you use our services over time, and combine it with similar information from other services and companies. This information may be used to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, and under your online activity, among other things.
We store your information for a period of time. For example:
- Your basic account information, including your username and email address until you ask us to delete them.
- Your IP Address for the maximum period of 1 year.
Control over your information:
At BraceletBook, your privacy is important to us. We want you to have control over the information you give us, the information we use, and the information we keep.
You can request your data to be sent to you or deleted using our contact form, or by writing a message to one of our admins.
This site uses cookies to remember your login. It is unavoidable on our side to use cookies so that your browser can remember that you're logged in.
Notice
Remember: These rules can change anytime, so you should read them regularly.