Modular Dreams Incorporated Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 2017.03.28
At Modular Dreams Incorporated (MD+F), we know your privacy is very important to you, so please take the time to carefully read our privacy policy. Our policy is designed to help you understand the types of information that we collect, how we use and share the information and how the information is protected. This privacy policy applies to all MD+F services that directly reference or link to this policy, but does not apply to MD+F services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this policy.
1. Types of information we collect
Information that you give to us
When you register for and use our non-game services we collect the information that you give to us. This may include information like your name, email address, phone number, date of birth, country of residence, language, gender, and time zone.  For our games that do not require login, no such information is collected unless you contact us for support and specifically provide this information.
Information we collect when you use our services
We also collect and process information about your use of our non-game services. This can include information about your device, your location, your interaction with our services and other MD+F users, your content and your purchases.
Information about your device
When you use our services we may collect specific information about your device, and across your devices, such as the product model, serial number, operating system, device settings, Internet service provider, IP address and other unique identifiers.
Location information
With your consent, for non-game services we may collect and process information about your precise location. When we have your location information, we use it to tailor our services for you and others, like helping you establish friend relationships with other MD+F users or telling your existing friends that you are nearby.  Our games do not collect location information.
Information about your use of our services
We collect certain information about your interaction with our services or with other MD+F users through our non-game services. This could include information about your app-specific content, your online status, your service use history, your connections with other MD+F users and the content that you share with them.
Your content
Our services may allow you to create, upload or share content such as text, images, audio, video, or other content that you create and/or is licensed to you. When you use any of our services that include these or other similar capabilities we may collect your content in accordance with our user agreements or terms of use and this policy.
Your purchases
Some of our services allow you to make purchases. If you use any of our services to make a purchase, we may collect information about the purchase. This could include payment information, such as your credit card number, account authentication information and contact information like your billing and shipping address.  Please note that we do not have access to or collect this information on most app-store purchases and in cases we do, we only collect this information if it is necessary for the use off the MD+F service you are accessing.
2. How we use your information
We use the information that you give us and the information we collect to deliver and maintain and improve our services. We also use this information to provide you with services that you request, develop new services, suggest personally relevant features, offer you customized content, provide you with tailored advertising, protect MD+F and our users, and investigate and prevent activities that are potentially illegal or that violate our user agreements or terms of use.
Whenever you contact us, we use the information that you provide to us to help resolve issues you might be having when you use our services. We also use information, such as your email address, to respond to you when you contact us, to let you know about changes to our policies and terms, to let you know about changes or improvements to our services and to inform you about other services that we offer.
We may use cookies, or other similar technologies, on some of the features of our services. Cookies are small files that are typically downloaded to the browser application on your device. Cookies help us to ensure the safety and smooth functioning of certain features of our services and they also help us to collect information about your user preferences. We sometimes use information collected from cookies to improve your user experience and the quality of our services. For example, by saving your user preferences, we may be able to customize our services in ways that you prefer. You may be able to disable cookies in your browser settings or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being used. If you disable cookies, you may not be able to use all of the features of our services. Some web browsers may transmit "do not track" signals. We currently do not take action in response to these signals.
Analytics providers are third-party companies that collect information when you use some of our services. These companies use cookies, web beacons, software development kits (SDKs), and similar technologies to collect and analyze crash reports, keep track of what content or ads you view, how long you spend on different pages, how you arrived on a particular page and how you respond to the ads we show you. The analytics providers with whom we work include, but are not limited to, the companies listed below. Some of these companies, including those listed below, give users choices about how they collect and use your information.
Google Analytics
We also may permit our third party partners to set cookies and use web beacons, SDKs, and similar technologies within our services to help us perform various internal functions necessary to operate our business and to collect information about your use of our services.  These third parties may use that information to provide you advertisements, across the Internet and mobile applications, about goods and services that may be of interest to you. Some of these third parties may offer you a way to opt-out of this type of targeted advertising through industry choice mechanisms. To learn more about third parties that participate in these choice offerings and to exercise choices that may be available to you, you can visit
www.networkadvertising.org
and
www.aboutads.info
. You may be able to opt out from targeted advertising through the advertising settings for your mobile device.
3. How your information is shared
We sometimes share your information within our family of MD+F companies as well as with our trusted business partners outside of MD+F that process it consistent with this privacy policy. We may also share your information for other legal and business purposes, such as complying with legal process, responding to claims or inquiries, enforcing our terms, or protecting the rights, property or personal safety of our operations, our users, or the public. Your information may also be shared as part of any sale or transfer of company assets, if legally permitted.
If you choose to connect with a third-party service through our services, we may share your information with that service and that service may share your information with us. The use of your information, and the use of cookies, web beacons, or other technologies, by these third-party providers is subject to their own privacy policies.
Some of our services allow you to share information and content with others. When you decide to use these services, the information or content that you share, your online status, and your gameplay information may be visible to MD+F and its trusted business partners, other MD+F users, and in some cases the public. Please keep in mind, when you use these service, that the information and content that you choose to share can be read, collected, or used by others. You are fully responsible for the information and content that you choose to share in these instances.
Apple App Store Specific
Some of our photo related apps request access to Microphone when ran.  The microphone is not used by these apps; the request was due to a coding requirement old older iOS versions.  Please indicate “No” to this request or update your app to newest version.
Google Play App Store Specific
This is explanation of permissions required by our game products and the reason why each permission is requested.  (Please refer to permissions list of each specific game product to see the actual permissions required)
android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
Allows applications to access information about networks.  This is used by most third party SDKs and any features of the app that require network access, for example: to maintain leaderboards.
android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE
Allows applications to access information about wifi networks.  This is used by most third party SDKs to determine strength of network connectivity.
android.permission.INTERNET
Allows applications to connect to the Internet.  This is used by most third party SDKs and any features of the app that require network access, for example: to maintain leaderboards.
android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE maxSdkVersion=18
android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE maxSdkVersion=18
Allows applications to access secondary storage on your device.  This is used by most third party SDKs to store advertisement content on your device.
com.google.android.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE
com...permission.C2D_MESSAGE
Allows applications to receive messages from the Google Cloud.  This is used primarily for app notifications.
Samsung Galaxy App Store Specific
Please see the Google Play App Store Specific section above.
Amazon App Store Specific
Please see the Google Play App Store Specific section above.  Additionally, game products distributed with the Amazon Underground banner may have additional permissions added to them by Amazon in support of the Amazon Underground network.
4. Your controls and choices
We offer you certain controls and choices regarding the information we collect, how the information is used, and how it is shared. These controls and choices may include the ability to update, correct or delete information that you have provided to us or information that we have collected through your use of our service. They may also include the ability to opt-out of receiving notifications, promotions, offers or other advertising from us.
5. Information security
We have implemented administrative, physical and technical security measures that are designed to protect your information from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. You should understand though that, despite our efforts, no security can be guaranteed as impenetrable.
6. Information about children
We do not knowingly collect, use or share personal information from children under the age of 13, without verifiable parental consent or as permitted by law. Where a parent or legal guardian has provided consent, that parent or guardian may review, modify, or delete the child’s personal information, or withdraw consent, by contacting us using the contact information provided at the end of this privacy policy.
7. Changes
MD+F may update this privacy policy from time to time. When we update it, we will revise the "Last Updated" date above. If we make material changes in the way we collect, use, retain or share your personal information, when possible and permitted we will notify you by sending you an email at the last email address that you provided us, or by posting notice of the changes on the services covered by this privacy policy.
8. Contact information
If you have any questions, concerns or comments regarding this privacy policy, or any of our privacy practices, please contact us via email at support@modulardreams.com with the subject line of Attn: Privacy Administrator or via regular mail at Modular Dreams Incorporated, Attn: Privacy Administrator, P.O. Box 682, Vienna, VA 22183, U.S.A.
END