PRIVACY AND COOKIES POLICY
(valid from May 25th, 2018)
This privacy and cookies policy describes the rules of processing and handling personal data, as well as using cookies and other technologies at the following website:
https://portalgames.pl
[http://portalgames.pl/sklep/, https://portalgames.pl/en/, http://portalgames.pl/shop/, http://portalgames.pl/de/, http://portalgames.pl/geschaft/].
The security of your personal data is a top priority for us! If you are here, it means that you value your privacy. We perfectly understand this, so we present you with a number of information and rules that we follow when processing your personal data.
The website controller is
Portal Games Spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością
[limited liability company], with its registered office in Gliwice (44-100 Gliwice), at ul. Św. Urbana 15, entered to the Register of Entrepreneurs of Krajowy Rejestr Sądowy (KRS, National Court Register) kept by the District Court in Gliwice, 10
th
Economic Division of the National Court Register, under the KRS No. 0000617095, NIP (Tax Identification Number) 6312660554, REGON (Statistical Number) 363435596, share capital of PLN 266,500.00, fully paid up. Should you have any questions or doubts related to the privacy policy, you can contact us at any time by sending a message to the email address:
portal@portalgames.pl
or a letter to the following address: Portal Games Sp. z o.o., ul. Sienkiewicza 13, 44-190 Knurów, Polska [Poland].
I. PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION
I. Details of the Controller of Personal Data.
We kindly inform you that the controller of your personal data is Portal Games Spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością [limited liability company], with its registered office in Gliwice (44-100 Gliwice), at ul. Św. Urbana 15, entered to the Register of Entrepreneurs of Krajowy Rejestr Sądowy (KRS, National Court Register) kept by the District Court in Gliwice, 10
th
Economic Division of the National Court Register, under the KRS No. 0000617095, NIP (Tax Identification Number) 6312660554, REGON (Statistical Number) 363435596. With reference to your personal data protection, you can contact us at the following email address:
portal@portalgames.pl
or send us a letter to the following address: Portal Games Sp. z o.o., ul. Sienkiewicza 13, 44-190 Knurów, Polska [Poland].
II. Purposes and legal basis for the processing and period of personal data processing.
In order to provide the services in line with the profile of our activities, we process your personal data for various purposes, but it is always done in compliance with the law. The specified purposes and legal basis and the period of processing are indicated separately for every purpose of data processing.
User account (e-shop).
When setting up a user account, you have to enter your email address and full name, and define your password for the account. The provision of data is voluntary, but necessary to set up an account. At the stage of setting up the account or when editing the user profile, you can enter additional data about yourself, that is billing address, shipping address, phone number, company data (name of the company, NIP [tax identification number], registered office of the company). The provision of such data is absolutely voluntary. You can have an account without entering any additional data. In this situation, when you place an order, you will have to enter additional data.
The data entered by you as part of the user account are processed only for the purpose of maintaining the account and enabling you to use the account. The provision of data in the user account is to facilitate for you placing orders in the shop by automatic completion of data in the order form.
The legal basis for the processing of your personal data with regard to the user account is the execution of the contract for running the account concluded by you pursuant to the shop regulations (Article 6 section 1 letter b of GDPR). Your data will be processed with regard to the account so long as you have the user account. After deleting the account, your data will be deleted from the database, with the exception of data about the placed orders.
Orders.
When placing the order (via website or over the phone), you have to enter data necessary for the execution of order, that is full name, billing address, phone number. You can also enter a different shipping address and company data (name of the company, NIP [tax identification number], address of the registered office). We process your data concerning payment and IP number. The provision of data is voluntary, but necessary to place an order.
The data provided to us in relation to the execution of the order are processed for the purpose of:
– performance of contract, that is order execution (Article 6 section 1 letter b of GDPR – performance of contract) – for a period of time necessary to execute the order;
– provision of delivery of goods to a specified place (Article 6 section 1 letter b of GDPR – performance of contract) – until the lapse of period for lodging complaint with regard to the execution of delivery, as indicated in the regulations of a selected provider;
– compliance with legal obligations with regard to keeping proper accounting documentation (Article 6 section 1 letter c of GDPR – compliance with legal obligation) – until the lapse of periods indicated in the tax law provisions;
– determination, assertion and defence of potential claims (Article 6 section 1 letter f of GDPR – legitimate interest pursued by the controller) – until the lapse of the limitation period for the claims;
– archiving and statistics (Article 6 section 1 letter f of GDPR – legitimate interest pursued by the controller).
Newsletter.
If you want to sign up for our Newsletter, you have to provide us with your email address via the Sign up for the Newsletter form. If you want us to address you by name, you can also provide us with your name. If you want to receive information about events we organise in your neighbourhood, you can also provide us with information about your town/ city. The provision of data and consent for their processing are voluntary, it is not legally required to do so and you can refuse your consent. The lack of consent will make it impossible to include you in the mailing list and to provide you with marketing content.
Data provided when signing up for the Newsletter are used for the purpose of sending you the Newsletter by electronic means (your receipt from us of commercial and marketing information about new items and special offers, special products, events at the shop, events organised by the shop, etc.), and the legal basis for their processing is your consent (Article 6 section 1 letter a of GDPR) given when signing up for the Newsletter.
Your data are received by The Rocket Science Group, LLC, a provider of the Mailchimp, Inc. system used for sending the Newsletter. Your data processed in the mailing system are transferred to the United States of America (USA). Your data are safe, because the provider of the Mailchimp, Inc. system joined the Privacy Shield programme and ensures the right level of personal data protection, which is confirmed under the agreement between the European Commission and the USA.
Your data will be processed for the time of Newsletter operation, unless you earlier resign from receiving it, which will cause the deletion of your data from the database. You have the right to revoke your consent; the revocation of consent does not affect the compliance of previous processing with the law. You can resign from receiving the Newsletter at any time. The deactivation link is placed in every email message sent as a Newsletter. You can also do this by contacting us at the following email address:
portal@portalgames.pl
Complaint and withdrawal from the contract.
If you lodge a complaint or withdraw from the contract, you provide us with personal data specified in the contents of the complaint or the statement of withdrawal from the contract which include given name, last name, place of residence, phone number, email address, bank account number (if the money is to be returned to a bank account).
The data provided to us in relation to lodging a complaint or withdrawing from the contract are used for the purposes of execution of the complaint procedure or procedure for the withdrawal from the contract (Article 6 section 1 letter c of GDPR). The data will be processed for the period necessary to execute the complaint procedure or procedure for the withdrawal, and then until the lapse of the limitation period for the claims. The complaints and statements of withdrawal from the contract may also be archived for statistical purposes.
Email contact/ phone contact/ contact form.
When contacting us via electronic mail, over the phone or sending a query via the contact form, or contacting us via any other communication channel, you provide us with your given name, last name, email address as the address of the sender of the message or phone number. The provision of such data by you is voluntary, but necessary for handling your query.
Your data are processed for the purpose of handling your query, and the basis for their processing is your consent arising from the fact of initiating contact with us (Article 6 section 1 letter a of GDPR). The legal basis for the processing after the end of the contact is legitimate purpose which involves archiving of correspondence should the need arise to show its course in the future – the legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest concerning the determination, assertion and defence of potential claims (Article 6 section 1 letter c of GDPR).
Your data will be processed till the end of communication with us. If we deem it legitimate to archive the course of communication, your data may be archived (e.g. in order to show the course of correspondence in the future) – in such case they will be processed until the lapse of limitation period for the claims.
You have the right to revoke your consent at any time; the revocation of consent does not affect the compliance of previous processing with the law.
Portal Gamers application form.
When contacting us with regard to the process of recruitment to the group of Portal Gamers volunteers via electronic mail or by sending the Portal Gamers application form, you provide us with your given name, last name and email address. What is more, in the contents of the message you may also include other personal data.
The provision of data is absolutely voluntary, but necessary to take part in the recruitment process. The data provided to us in relation to the application to the process of recruitment to the group of Portal Gamers volunteers are used for the purpose of recruitment, and the basis for the processing is your consent (Article 6 section 1 letter a of GDPR).
The data will be processed till the end of the recruitment process, unless you earlier revoke your consent. The revocation of consent will not affect the compliance with the law of the processing conducted on the basis of your consent prior to its revocation.
III. Rights
GDPR gives you the following potential rights related to the processing of your personal data:
1) right of access to, rectification, erasure or restriction of processing of personal data;
2) right to object to processing of personal data;
3) right to data portability;
4) right to withdraw consent to personal data processing, if you have given such consent and the data are processed on the basis of such consent (the withdrawal of consent does not affect the compliance of previous processing with the law);
5) right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (President of the Personal Data Protection Office) – if you believe that we have violated the provisions on personal data protection when processing your personal data.
You need to remember, however, that such rights are not absolute and you will not be able to exercise them at all times. To learn more, read carefully Articles 16-21 of GDPR where the principles of exercising the above-mentioned rights are described. If you have any questions or doubts related to the processing of your personal data or requests with regard to the rights vested in you, you can contact us at the following email address:
portal@portalgames.pl
or send us a letter to the following address: Portal Games Sp. z o.o., ul. Sienkiewicza 13, 44-190 Knurów, Polska [Poland].
IV. Requirement of provision of personal data.
The provision of your personal data is voluntary, but necessary to meet your expectations within the scope of using a given service/ function (e.g. setting up a user account, placing an order, signing up for the Newsletter, lodging a complaint, withdrawing from the contract, contacting us, participating in the recruitment process).
V. Automated decision-making and profiling.
We wish to inform you that we do not carry out automated decision-making, including one based on profiling. The content of the query sent via contact forms is not assessed by an IT system.
VI. Privacy of children.
The services we offer are not addressed to children below the age of 16. Therefore, we wish to inform you that, should we discover that we are processing personal data of children below the age of 16 without the consent of their legal guardians, we will take up steps to delete such data as soon as possible. We do not consciously process personal data of children below the age of 16 without valid consent of their legal guardians.
VII. Recipients of data.
Your personal data may be processed by entities whose services we use when processing data and providing services to you:
1) hosting companies – for the purposes of data storage on the server, including mailbox server;
2) mailing system provider – for the purpose of using the mailing system in which your data are processed if you have signed up for the Newsletter. (Due to the use of the mailing system intended for sending the Newsletter, the recipient of your personal data in a situation in which you have expressed your willingness to receive the Newsletter from us is Benhauer Sp. z o.o., a provider of the SALESmanago system.)
3) invoicing system provider – for the purpose of using the invoicing system where your data are processed, if we issue an invoice to you;
4) accounting company – for the purpose of using the services of external accounting office that involve the processing of your data, if we issue an invoice to you;
5) IT company – for the purposes of supporting IT services that involve the possibility of the service provider gaining access to your personal data;
6) company providing postal/ courier services – for the purpose of delivery of product purchased in the shop to you;
7) company handling payment systems – for the purpose of handling payments;
8) agency that carries out advertising campaigns for us.
However, we assure you that these entities guarantee the employment of appropriate means of personal data protection and security required by the legal provisions.
VIII. Security and confidentiality.
We guarantee that the security of your personal data is a top priority for us. All personal data you provide to us are properly protected against access by unauthorised persons. We ensure the confidentiality of all personal data provided to us and undertaking of all personal data security and protection means required by the personal data protection laws.
II. COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Similarly to nearly all other websites, our website uses cookies to provide you with better possibilities related to using it. Cookies are small pieces of text information stored at your end device (e.g. computer, tablet, smartphone) that may be read by our ICT system and by ICT systems belonging to other entities whose services we use (e.g. Google). Cookies may be divided into first-party cookies and third-party cookies.
Consent to cookies.
During the first visit at our website, the information about using cookies is displayed to you, asking you to give consent to the use of cookies. Remember that you can always change the settings concerning cookies from the level of your browser, and you can delete cookies altogether. You need also to remember that disabling cookies may cause problems with using the website.
The links below provide information about how to delete cookies in the most popular Internet browsers:
Firefox:
http://support.mozilla.org/pl/kb/usuwanie-ciasteczek
,
Opera:
http://help.opera.com/Linux/9.60/pl/cookies.html
,
Internet Explorer:
http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835/pl
,
Chrome:
http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=pl&answer=95647
First-party cookies.
We use first-party cookies in order to ensure proper operation of the website, and the cookies particularly allows us to:
• ensure proper operation of the website and increase the comfort of viewing the website; among other things, they are used to keep the session live during the purchase and the Buyer does not have to enter login and password at every subsite of the Portal,
• improve the speed and security of using the website,
• enhance the functions available to you at the website,
• use analytical tools,
• use marketing tools,
• show YouTube clips at the websites,
• provide you with social media functions.
Third-party cookies.
Similarly to most websites, our website uses some functions provided to us by third parties, which involves using cookies originating with such parties. See the details below.
Analysis and statistics.
We use cookies to trace website statistics, such as the number of visitors, type of operating system and Internet browser used to view the website, time spent on the website, visited subsites, etc. Within this scope we use Google Analytics, which involves the use of cookies of Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA). We employ website statistics and their analysis in order to optimise the operation of our website – measures undertaken in this area are based on our legitimate interest (Article 6 section 1 letter f of GDPR). Google LLC is based outside the European Union, but it joined the Privacy Shield programme and guarantees the right level of personal data protection and security, which is confirmed under the agreement between the European Commission and the USA. We wish to inform you that you can download an add-on to the browser to block Google Analytics at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Social media tools, video clips.
We provide you with the possibility to use social media functions, such as posting the content in social media and subscribing to the social media profile. Using these functions involves the use of cookies of administrators of such social media websites as Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, Twitter, Google+ or LinkedIN. On our website we embed video clips from YouTube. When you play such clips, cookies of Google LLC concerning the YouTube service are used.
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of individual service providers.
Server logs.
Using the website involves sending requests to the server where the website is stored. Every request to the server is saved in the server logs. The logs cover such information as your IP address, date and time of the server, information about the Internet browser and operating system you are using. The logs are saved and stored on the server. The data saved in the server logs are not associated with any specific persons using the website and are not used by us to identify you. The server logs only constitute auxiliary material for the administration of the website, and their contents are not disclosed to anyone other than persons authorised to administer the server.
For matters not provided for in this Privacy Policy the personal data protection laws apply. We reserve the right to change the provisions of this Privacy Policy (due to any change of legal provisions, due to the fact that our offer will be extended with time, the technologies used might change, or the standards and requirements related to Internet activities change). We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy before undertaking any actions at the website.