Maps 3D Privacy Policy
Effective 25th October 2018
German: Datenschutz DSGVO / GDPR
Maps 3D takes your privacy seriously and we handle your information with great care.
          This Privacy Policy applies to the Maps 3D mobile applications support queries.
          If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy, do not access or use the Maps 3D Service.
CONTENT
You may choose to create content within Maps 3D. This includes recording a track (positions and times), planning a route, adding waypoints or photos.
You can share a link to an online track via email. Only in this case the track is uploaded and hosted on one of our servers anonymously.
Content use
Use of online and offline maps is recorded to enable us to anonymized monitor the service usage.
Location
Content you create - routes, tracks, waypoints, photos - contain location data and can contain time data.
          Your device asks for your permission before Maps 3D first uses location, and you can withdraw that consent at any time via the device's Settings app.
Used Services
The Maps 3D applications use some services built into the device, and those services may have access to personal data, covered by the device's own Privacy Policy.
Contact Information
If you contact Maps 3D with a request, the contact information you provide will be recorded within the movingworld Helpdesk.
HOW INFORMATIOPN IS SHARED
Service Providers
We may share your information with third parties who provide services to Maps 3D, like the request to load a map, plan a route or receive POIs. Those service providers will only have access to the information needed to provide limited functions on our behalf. They are required to keep your information safe.
When you access some maps and services, the service provider will know the IP address, and other details of the online requests (like timestamps) or that these maps are being accessed from Maps 3D, but nothing to match those with you personally.
YOUR RIGHTS
Right to Access and Port Data
Routes, tracks and waypoints that you create are stored and can be exported to the GPX file format using the Maps 3D application.
          All your created data can also be accessed via the Maps 3D folder in iTunes.
Right to Object, Limit or Restrict Use of Data
You can ask us to stop serving your track data in case you uploaded it onto our server. Just send us the track link via email.
Complaints
If you have a complaint, please contact our support team, or our Data Protection Officer, details below.
          However, if you are still dissatisfied, you may contact the Data Protection Authority at the contact details below.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
movingworld may update this policy from time to time. Regulations and standards change over time, or we may make improvements to the Service or changes to our business, which necessitate change. We will post changes to this page. If we make changes that materially alter your rights, we will provide an additional prominent notice.
Data Protection Officer
Contact the movingworld Data Protection Officer via privacy@movingworld.de.
Identifying the Data Controller and Processor
The Data Controller and Processor is movingworld GmbH based in Germany.
Data Protection Authority
The data protection authority is the Aufsichtsbehörde für Datenschutz, Bonn, Germany
Contacting movingworld
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or movingworld's practices, or if you wish to exercise any of your statutory rights, please contact us at support@movingworld.de or at:
movingworld GmbH
Hauptstraße 87
76831 Göcklingen
Germany