Mac / Windows PC
iOS / Android
Download
Buy
Support
Products
Tutorials
Examples
FAQ
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how any information you give us is used and protected if you have logged on and accessed turbocollage.com and/or if you have purchased and/or installed any of our software or applications on your computer or mobile device.
Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Updates of our Privacy Policy are completed frequently, thus you should peruse this Policy habitually.
What we collect
When you place an order, we collect basic information such as your name, address and other contact details, payment and technical information. You may provide additional Personal Data in course of: communicating with us about your order. supplying feedback and information about your use of our products. requesting us to stay in touch with you. Our computer may log your IP address when you visit turbocollage.com.
iOS
Data managed by the application is stored on your device and removed when you delete the application. We use Flurry analytics service to track the aggregate usage of our application. You can find Flurry Terms of Service and Privacy Policy at flurry.com.
Use of your information
We use your information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons: We use your Personal Data to administer, or communicate with you about your order. We may use the information to enhance product quality and to determine future product direction. Provided you have opted in on our website, or in the application itself, that we may provide information about new and existing products, our subsidiaries’, partners’ or affiliates’ newsletters, deals and promo campaigns, that may be of interest to you.
Use of cookies
We may use cookies. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. If you revisit our website, our web server will recognize the cookie and provide information about your last visit. Usually you can modify the settings of your browser to accept or reject all cookies or as an alternative to be notified when a cookie is set. We may use cookies to provide a more personalized and user-friendly visit to our website and to help us track user traffic patterns. A cookie cannot read your hard disk or other cookie files. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Links might be discovered on our site that belongs to third parties. Any third party website on our site has a privacy policy. You should check their terms. We do not accept liability or responsibility for their privacy policies, based on our lack of control over these third party links.
To whom we disclose personal data
We treat customer Personal Data and information as private and confidential, and we will not disclose this it to other individuals or organizations unless required by law. We will not distribute your Personal Data to be used in mailing lists, surveys, or for any other purpose other than what is stated in "Use of your information". We may disclose Personal Data so far as reasonably necessary: to third parties including our hosting company, third party internet payment providers. when we are required to do so by applicable laws, statutes, regulations, standards or codes of conduct.
Accessing and rectifying your personal data
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible by email apps@silkenmermaid.com. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect or incomplete.
Mailing list
We use MailChimp service for our mailing lists. Please look at their Privacy Policy for more information on how they handle user data.