Privacy Policy
Minima Software LLC
Last updated: July 17, 2018.
Thank you for your interest in Monologue, Timer+, and other apps (the “Apps”) and our websites located at
www.minimasoftware.com
and
www.monologueapp.com
, and
www.timerplusapp.com
(the “Websites”). The Apps and the Websites are collectively referred to in this Privacy Policy as the “Service.” Minima Software LLC. (“Minima”) is pleased to provide this privacy policy to inform you of our practices with respect to how we collect and use personal information in connection with your use of the Service.
Information We Collect
The data that we regularly collect about visitors to the Websites (e.g. IP address, browser type, pages accessed, duration of visit, etc.) does not necessarily enable us to personal identify you, and that is not our intention. Minima collects personal information when you voluntarily provide such information.
To facilitate your use of the Service, Minima may automatically collect certain types of information when you access or use the Service. In order to collect this data, Minima may utilize automated tools and files such as “cookies.” These automated tools and files may reside on our servers or on your computer or device.
Use of Information
Minima uses your personal information primarily to provide you with the Service. The information is also used to verify your authority to access the Service, and to contact you when reasonably necessary. Minima may also use any information you have provided as reasonably necessary to administer or provide customer support for the Service, and to provide you with periodic communications about new products and services, discounts, special promotions or upcoming events.
Links
For your convenience, we may provide links to certain third party websites or referrals to certain third parties’ products or services. If you choose to visit a third party’s website or use its products or services, please be aware that the third party’s privacy policy, and not the Minima privacy policy, will govern your activities and any information you disclose while interacting with the third party.
Security
Because any personally identifiable information you submit to Minima is purely voluntary and should not be of a particularly sensitive nature, we employ our standard security measures with respect to this information and do not use special encryption methods at this time. Please note that Minima cannot guarantee the security of user account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.
Controlling Your Personal Information
Minima may make available to users chat rooms, forums, message boards, and other interactive features. You should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (e.g. user name, e-mail address) via forums, postings, profiles or other areas of the Websites, that information, along with any substantive information disclosed in your communication, can be collected, correlated and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of Minima. Please do not post any personal information on the Websites or in other areas that you expect to keep private.
Disclosure
Minima may disclose your personal information to third parties from time to time in our sole discretion. For this reason you should not disclose information to Minima that you do not want shared with third parties. In addition to the forgoing, Minima will disclose your personally identifiable information as it believes is reasonably necessary to comply with law, regulation or other governmental authority or to prevent harm to yourself or others. Minima may also contract with various third parties who help us provide and maintain the Service. For example, we use a third party to process payments made to us, and use third party back end services, to provide us with analytics, crash reporting and conversion tracking capabilities. Finally, Minima may disclose your personally identifiable information upon a transfer or sale to another entity of all or substantially all of Minima’s stock or assets in our line of business to which this Privacy Policy relates or upon any bankruptcy or other corporate reorganization.
Collection of Information From Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information relating to children. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from anyone under 13 years of age without prior parental consent, we will take steps to promptly delete such information. By providing your personal information to Minima, through the Service, you represent that you are 13 years of age or older.
Policy Changes
Minima reserves the right to change this privacy policy, and will post any revisions on the Websites. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of the Service will be subject to the then-current privacy policy.
International Visitors and Customers
The Websites and Apps are provided from the United States. If you are visiting from the European Union (EU) or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as the EU and by providing your personal data you consent to:
The use of your personal data for the purposes identified above in accordance with this Privacy Policy; and
The transfer of your personal data to the United States as indicated above.
No Error-Free Performance
Minima does not guarantee error-free performance under this Privacy Policy. We may not always catch an unintended privacy issue, despite our efforts to do so. Accordingly, we welcome your feedback regarding any privacy concerns that you may have, including how we can improve this Privacy Policy. We will use reasonable efforts to comply with this Privacy Policy and will take prompt corrective action when we learn of any failure to comply with it.
Questions
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please feel free to email us at
privacy@minimasoftware.com
. Our address is:
Minima Software LLC
113 Cherry St #39458
Seattle, WA 98104-2205