Last updated: February 21, 2025
Your privacy is important to Bad Elf. We developed this Privacy Statement so you know how we collect, use, share and store your personal information.
This Privacy Statement applies to all websites, applications (“apps”) and products on which this Privacy Statement is shown. If a
Bad Elf
website, app or product links to a different privacy statement, then that privacy statement will apply to your use of that site, app or product.
To jump to a specific section of this Privacy Statement, please click on a link below:
Ways Bad Elf Collects and Uses Personal Information
Entities with Which Bad Elf May Share Personal Information
Ways You May Share Personal Information or Direct Bad Elf to Share Your Personal Information
Cookies and Similar Technology
Links, Third Party Apps, and Third Parties’ Privacy Practices
Security
Your Choices regarding Marketing Correspondence
Policy with Respect to Children
Privacy Statement Updates
Retention of Personal Information
How You Can Review, Correct, Update and Delete Your Personal Information
Ways Bad Elf Collects and Uses Personal Information
"Personal Information" is information that, either alone or in combination with other information collected, identifies an individual. When we combine other information (i.e., information that does not, on its own, identify an individual) with Personal Information, we treat the combined information as Personal Information.
When you Create a Bad Elf Account
When you create an account on a Bad Elf website or mobile app, we ask you to provide Personal Information, including your name and email address. You do not need to provide your full name, but you may if you wish. You will use your email address and your password to login to your account. Your Bad Elf account will be password-protected. We use your name to help verify your account when you call customer support.
When You Buy Products on a Bad Elf Website
If you purchase a product on a Bad Elf site, then Bad Elf will collect Personal Information from you, such as your name, mailing address and telephone number, so that we can process your order and fulfill your purchase. We do not view or store your payment card information. A third party, Shopify, processes customer payment card information when Bad Elf customers use a payment card to make a purchase on a Bad Elf site. We recommend you carefully review
Shopify’s Privacy Policy
.
When you Communicate with Bad Elf
When you interact with our customer support representatives via email, telephone or in person, we may collect Personal Information, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address and contact preferences; and information about the Bad Elf products you own, such as their serial numbers and date of purchase. We also may create event logs that are useful in diagnosing product or app performance related issues, and capture information relating to the support or service issue. We use this information to provide you with customer and product support. We may access your Bad Elf account in order to assist us in providing you the necessary assistance. To improve customer service, subject to applicable laws, we may also record and review conversations with customer support representatives, and analyze any feedback provided to us through voluntary customer surveys.
We may use Personal Information to communicate with you, including communicating with you about your account or transactions with us, giving you important information about your products or apps, sending you notice about material changes to this Privacy Statement, and, consistent with applicable laws and the choices available to you as described below under Your Choices regarding Marketing Correspondence, sending you offers and promotions for our products and apps.
When You Use Location Features on Your Bad Elf Device or App
If you elect to use location-based services, such as weather, traffic information, fuel prices, movie times, and local event information, on your Bad Elf app or device, then the physical location of your device will be collected in order for Bad Elf or our providers to provide you with such location-based services.
When you Use Your Bad Elf GPS Receiver Device or App
If you use a Bad Elf auto navigation device or app and provide your consent when asked, then Bad Elf will collect and upload from your device data such as location, speed, direction, and time and date of recording. This data will be de-identified by Bad Elf and used to enhance the quality of our products and apps and the traffic, parking and other features enabled by Bad Elf or content providers. If you provide your consent when asked, then Bad Elf may also share this de-identified data with or sell this data to third parties to enhance the quality of the traffic, parking and other features enabled by content providers.
Other Uses of Personal Information by Bad Elf
Bad Elf may use Personal Information for internal statistical, marketing or operational purposes, including generating sales reports and measuring and understanding demographic, user interest, purchasing and other trends among our customers.
Entities with Which Bad Elf May Share Personal Information
With Data and Content Providers
If you use a Bad Elf auto navigation device or app and provide your consent when asked, then Bad Elf will collect and upload from your device data such as location, speed, direction, and time and date of recording. If you provide your consent, then Bad Elf may also share this de-identified data with or sell this data to third parties to enhance the quality of the traffic, parking and other features enabled by content providers.
With Service Providers
We use third party service providers to help us to administer certain activities on our behalf, such as fulfilling purchases and shipping products, processing credit card payments, sending emails, providing advertisements, analyzing usage of our websites and apps, tracking effectiveness of our marketing campaigns, and allowing users to connect to their social network. We may share Personal Information about you with such third party service providers to the extent necessary for the sole purpose of enabling them to perform services on our behalf.
Here are examples of third-party service providers we use:
Email Providers:
Cloud services from MailChimp are used to assist Bad Elf in sending emails, consistent with applicable laws and the choices available to you as described below under Your Choices regarding Marketing Correspondence.
Analytics Services:
Bad Elf uses third-party service providers to help us better understand usage of Bad Elf products and mobile apps, and for related purposes. The third parties we currently use to provide such analytics and related services are described below under Cookies and Similar Technology.
Other Disclosures
We may disclose Personal Information about you to others if we have your consent to do so in such form of consent as may be required under applicable law.
Subject to applicable laws in your jurisdiction, we may also disclose Personal Information about you to others as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law or regulation, including laws or regulations outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public authorities and law enforcement officials, including officials outside your country of residence; (d) to assist or support theft investigations involving Bad Elf products or property, (e) to enforce any of our terms and conditions or policies; (f) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates and subsidiaries; (g) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of Bad Elf, its affiliates and subsidiaries, you or others; or (h) to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
We may also transfer Personal Information to an affiliate, a subsidiary or a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of Bad Elf business, assets or stock, including, without limitation, in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceeding.
Ways You May Share Personal Information or Direct Bad Elf to Share Your Personal Information
Message Boards, Forums
Some Bad Elf websites and apps have message boards, forums, chat functionality, blogs, and similar features through which you can post information, messages and materials. Please note that any information you disclose through such services or otherwise on our sites may become public information, and may be available to visitors to the sites and to the general public. We urge you to exercise discretion and caution when deciding to disclose Personal Information, or any other information, on our websites or apps.
Promotions
If you enter into a sweepstakes, contest or similar promotion, we may use the information you provide to administer those promotions. To the extent that the terms and conditions of any such promotion regarding the treatment of Personal Information about you conflict with this Privacy Statement, the terms and conditions of the promotion will control.
Cookies and Similar Technology
To help analyze how you and other visitors navigate Bad Elf websites, and compile aggregate statistics about site usage and response rates, we, with assistance from third-party analytics service providers, collect certain information when you visit our site. This information includes IP address, geographic location of the device, browser type, browser language, date and time of your request, time(s) of your visit(s), demographics, page views and page elements (e.g., links) that you click. We may use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIF’s or other similar tools on our site or in our email messages to assist us in collecting and analyzing such information. We use this information to provide better, more relevant content on our site, to measure the effectiveness of advertisements, to identify and fix problems, and to improve your overall experience on our site. We may also engage one or more third party service providers to provide online advertisements on our behalf. They may use a pixel tag or other similar technology to collect information about your visits to sites, and they may use that information to send you targeted advertisements. For more information regarding this practice and to opt-out of such collection and use of this information by our third party service providers, please see
Networkadvertising.org
.
If you do not want information collected through the use of these technologies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline many of these technologies, or to be given the choice of declining or accepting them. In addition, if you reside in a jurisdiction that requires us to obtain your consent to use cookies on our sites then you will have an opportunity to manage your cookie preferences on the sites; except that certain cookies are required to enable core site functionality and you cannot choose to disable those cookies.
We track and collect data from users about their usage of Bad Elf mobile apps. The types of analytical information that are collected include the date and time the device accesses our servers, software version, the geographic location of the device, language, what information and files have been downloaded to the device, user behavior (e.g. what features used, frequency of use), device state information, device model, hardware and operating system information, and information relating to how the device functions. Bad Elf uses this data to improve the quality and functionality of Bad Elf products and apps; to develop and market products and features that best serve you and other users; and to help identify and fix usability problems as quickly as possible.
Here are examples of third-party providers of analytics and similar services we currently use:
Analytics Services:
Google:
Google Analytics is used to track site statistics and user demographics, interests and behavior on websites. Firebase, another Google service, is used on some of our mobile apps to track the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and advertisements. We also use Google Search Console to help understand how our website visitors find our website and to improve our search engine optimization.
Learn more
about how this analytics information may be used, and on how to control the use of your information.
HockeyApp; Crashlytics (Fabric):
HockeyApp, which is a Microsoft service, and Crashlytics are used to help us better understand usage of Bad Elf mobile apps to improve user experience and to identify and resolve the root causes of app crashes.
Read Crashlytics' privacy policy
.
Flurry:
Flurry, which is a Yahoo service, is used to help us better understand usage of Bad Elf mobile apps to improve user experience.
Social Networks:
Third-party social networks that provide interactive plug-ins or social networking features (for example, to allow you to connect to Facebook or Google to find friends to add as connections or to "Like" a page) on Bad Elf websites or mobile apps, may use cookies or other methods (for example, web beacons) to gather information regarding your use of our websites and apps. The use of such information by a third party depends on the privacy policy available on that social network’s website, which we encourage you to carefully review. Such third parties may use these cookies or other tracking methods for their own purposes by relating information about your use of our site with any of your Personal Information that they may have. We may also obtain analytics information from social networks that help us measure the effectiveness of our content and advertisements on social networks (e.g., impressions and clicks).
Links, Third Party Apps, and Third Parties’ Privacy Practices
Our websites, apps and products may contain links to other sites that are not operated by Bad Elf, and our websites or your product may contain apps that you can download from third parties. These linked sites and apps are not under our control and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any linked sites and apps. If you use any third-party sites or apps, any Personal Information collected by the third party’s site or app will be controlled by the privacy policy of that third party. We recommend that you carefully review the privacy statements of any third parties to which you provide Personal Information.
No mobile information will be shared with third parties/affiliates for marketing/promotional purposes. All OPT-IN requests include text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with third parties.
Security
Bad Elf takes reasonable security measures to help protect against loss, misuse, unauthorized access and unauthorized disclosure or alteration of the Personal Information under its control.
Your Choices regarding Marketing Correspondence
We may use your Personal Information to send you marketing-related correspondence (including emails) related to Bad Elf products or apps in accordance with your email preferences. We do not share Personal Information with third parties for the third parties’ marketing purposes.
To opt out of receiving marketing-related correspondence from Bad Elf, please click "Unsubscribe" from any marketing email you receive from Bad Elf.
Policy with Respect to Children
Our websites and apps are not directed to individuals under the age of 16, and we request that individuals under 16 not provide Personal Information to Bad Elf through any Bad Elf website or through our apps. If we learn that we have collected the Personal Information from a child under 16, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible. If you are aware of a user under the age of 16 using a Bad Elf website or app, please contact us at
support@bad-elf.com
.
Privacy Statement Updates
We may change this Privacy Statement from time to time as we add new products and apps, as we improve our current offerings, and as technologies and laws change. You can determine when this Privacy Statement was last revised by referring to the "LAST UPDATED" legend at the top of this page. Any changes will become effective upon our posting of the revised Privacy Statement on our affected websites. We will provide notice to you if these changes are material and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent. This notice will be provided by email or by posting notice of the changes on our affected websites or products/apps, consistent with applicable laws.
Retention of Personal Information
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes for which your Personal Information has been collected as outlined in this Privacy Statement unless a longer retention period is required by law.
How You Can Review, Correct, Update and Delete Your Personal Information
Bad Elf takes reasonable steps to help ensure that the Personal Information we collect from you is accurate, complete and current. You may request access to your Personal Information and request that erroneous or inaccurate Personal Information be updated. You may also request that your Personal Information and Bad Elf account be deleted. Bad Elf will respond promptly to your requests in accordance with applicable law. For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We may decline to process requests that jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or would cause us to take any action that is not permissible under applicable laws. Additionally, as permitted by applicable laws, we may need to retain certain Personal Information for a longer period of time for recordkeeping purposes, such as retaining records relating to your purchases for warranty or accounting purposes.
Access, correction or deletion requests can be made as follows:
Email:
support@bad-elf.com
Mail:
Bad Elf, LLC.,
7 South Main Street, Suite 201, West Hartford, CT 06107-2401
Phone:
(855) 422-3353
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://bad-elf.com/policies/privacy-policy:
We value your privacy
We use cookies and other technologies to personalize your experience, perform marketing, and collect analytics. Learn more in our
Privacy Policy.
Manage preferences
Accept
Decline
Skip to content
Privacy policy
PRIVACY STATEMENT
----
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
SECTION 2 - CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at support@bad-elf.com or mailing us at:
Bad Elf
1750 Ridgemoor SE Grand Rapids Michigan US 49506
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 - SHOPIFY
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service (https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms) or Privacy Statement (https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy).
SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Google analytics:
Our store uses Google Analytics to help us learn about who visits our site and what pages are being looked at
SECTION 6 - SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption.  Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
SECTION 7 - COOKIES
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.
_session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).
_shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits
_shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.
cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.
_secure_session_id, unique token, sessional
storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.
PREF, persistent for a very short period, Set by Google and tracks who visits the store and from where
SECTION 8 - AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at support@bad-elf.com or by mail at
Bad Elf
[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]
1750 Ridgemoor SE Grand Rapids Michigan US 49506
----
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.
No products in the cart.
Keep Shopping
Opens in a new window.
Opens external website.
Opens external website in a new window.
We're offline
Leave a message