Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is Rivolu LLC's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you through our apps.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy.
Information usage
The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. We use the information we collect to operate and improve our website, apps, and customer support.
We may disclose user provided and automatically collected information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
In the future, we may sell to, buy, merge with, or partner with other businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
Information we collect
The Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system and information about the way you use the Application.
We may use GPS technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location in order to display information that are relevant to your location. If you do not want us to use your location for the purposes set forth above, you should turn off the location services for the mobile application located in your account settings or in your mobile phone settings and/or within the mobile application.
We use services from Geonames.net to obtain the timezone information for the locations you search from within the app.
We may work with analytics companies such as Flurry and Firebase Analytics to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our app may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact us
Your continued use of our apps and websites will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us at admin@rivolu.com.