iKamasutra Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us at SutraTaps and we appreciate that you are trusting us with your personal information. Here are a few of our fundamental privacy principles:
We aggregate and de-identify certain usage information about our users to use for business purposes.
We don’t collect or store any personally identifiable information about our users.
Our privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains the information we collect, how we use and share it, and your rights in connection to when you use our iKamasutra applications, software, websites, APIs and services (collectively, “iKamasutra”).
Unless indicated otherwise, this Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party products or services or the practices of companies that we do not own or control, including other companies you might interact with in or through iKamasutra.
Questions or comments about this Privacy Policy can be submitted by email to
privacy@ikamasutra.com
Personal Data Controller
The company responsible for the processing of your personal data is:
Company Name
SutraTaps AB
Corporate Identity No
556907-3173
Address
Fiskehamnspromenaden 11b,
211 18 Malmö, Sweden
Email
contact@ikamasutra.com
Processing of Your Information
SutraTaps collects, uses, shares and otherwise processes information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including:
Where necessary to comply with legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise and defend legal claims
Where necessary for the purposes of SutraTaps’ or a third party’s legitimate interest, such as those of visitors, members or partners.
We do this in order to provide and improve iKamasutra by providing and developing offerings to you as a user on a sustained basis, as well as to keep iKamasutra safe and secure by protecting against fraud, spam and abuse etc.
Information We Collect
All data collected by SutraTaps is necessary to deliver the iKamasutra experience. We try to deliver the best possible experience with as little data collected as possible.
If you disagree with the collection and processing of this data you should stop using iKamasutra, delete your account and uninstall the application.
Use information
When you use iKamasutra we collect event and usage data to better understand which features are the most useful to our users on an aggregated level. The information collected is for example; how often certain positions are viewed, or how often iKamasutra is opened.
Contact information
If you chose to provide us with your contact information, for example by emailing us, we will use this to respond to support requests and comments.
Technical information
We collect technical information from the devices you use to access iKamasutra. This information is used to analyze trends and protect and secure iKamasutra. The information collected includes network information; including IP addresses, timestamps, log files, and operating system.
How We Use Information
We use your information to analyze and improve iKamasutra. To accomplish this SutraTaps may use third-party providers to analyze and gain insight into how iKamasutra is used and to help us improve iKamasutra.
How Information Is Shared
We may share anonymous, aggregate statistics with outside parties, such as how many people complete a position, most popular positions etc.
To analyze, gain insight and improve iKamasutra we might share de-identified information with third-parties. These third parties will only receive the information needed to perform these specific actions, and SutraTaps will never share more information than necessary.
Service Providers
We may share your information with third parties who provide services to SutraTaps such as supporting and improving iKamasutra or promoting iKamasutra. These service providers will only have access to the information necessary to perform these limited functions on our behalf and are required to protect and secure your information.
We may also engage service providers to collect information about your use of iKamasutra over time on our behalf so that we or they may promote iKamasutra or display information that may be relevant to your interests in iKamasutra or other websites or services.
Legal Requirements
We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.
In the future, we may sell to, buy, merge with, or partner with other businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
How We Protect Information
We work hard to keep your data safe in iKamasutra from the collection, transmission and storage of the data we collect. We use a combination of technical controls to maintain the security of your data. This includes using industry standard Transport Layer Security (TLS) and Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to encrypt many of our services and ensure that information is transmitted and stored securely in iKamasutra. In addition to this, we protect this information using advanced firewall technology.
Although we use a combination of industry standards to maintain the security of your data, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure, and SutraTaps cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to SutraTaps. Transmitting personal information is done at your own risk.
To protect data on your device we recommend all our users to use a complex passcode, TouchID or FaceID to unlock the device iKamasutra is installed on. In addition to activating the device lock you can set an app specific lock on iKamasutra from the the applications settings. Both a 4-pin code, TouchID and FaceID is available to protect your app from unauthorised access, even if someone has access to your device.
Your Rights
If you need any further assistance regarding your rights, feel free to contact us either from the application or through
privacy@ikamasutra.com
Access Your Data
There is no personal information stored outside of your device. To access your data you can use iKamasutra application on your device.
Editing and Deleting Your data
From iKamasutra you can always delete specific recorded activities, for example favorited or to do’s chosen by yourself. Once deleted, your data, including, activities cannot be reinstated because it’s only stored on your device.
Data Retention
We keep information as long as it is necessary to operate iKamasutra. We may retain information to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect fees, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with investigations, enforce the Terms of Use or take other actions permitted by law. The information we retain will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information about you that is no longer necessary and relevant to provide our services may be de-identified and aggregated with other non-personal data to provide insights which are commercially valuable to SutraTaps, such as statistics of the use of iKamasutra.
Changes to This Policy
SutraTaps has the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it occasionally. We will notify you before we make any substantial changes to this Privacy Policy and give you an opportunity to review the revised policy.
Any and all material changes shall come into effect between you and SutraTaps upon your acceptance of such changes (e.g. by using iKamasutra after such notification has been made to you or renewing your subscription).
If you object to any change in the Privacy Policy you should immediately delete and stop using iKamasutra.
This policy was last modified on February 25, 2021.