Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
(tap here link to our Apps page
)
Privacy Policy
Kramer&Kramer Software does not collect any personal information from your use of our apps.  If we have any of your personal information we will not knowingly sell or give it to anyone, except if lawfully subpoenaed to produce it, and then only after offering you a reasonable chance
to challenge such subpoena if allowed by law.  Although we do not collect personal, device, usage or content information
we could!
Your information may be stored in CloudKit and would be encoded.  If we wanted to, we (and only we) could decode it.  But we don't want to and we won't.
Apple's Privacy Policy required that we check "Yes" because of this ability to decode your information.
Please use the Contact Us button of this is a concern.
Special Information on License Plates in
Two Hour Parking: iChalk
License plate images and associated data are collected by your use of the app "Two Hour Parking: iChalk"
and stored in Apple's CloudKit database.  These images and data are available only to members of your Account.  Kramer&Kramer Software has access to these images and data but will
use such access only to assure the proper functioning of the app.  License plate images and the decoded license plate are also retained by our
partner Plate Recognizer.  We assume no responsibility for Plate Recognizer's
use of that data.  Plate Recognizer's privacy policy is described here:
https://platerecognizer.com/terms-of-use-privacy-policy/
Terms of Use
Standard terms of use apply to your use of all Kramer&Kramer Software apps.
Further, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless Kramer&Kramer Software from any liability associated with your use of any Kramer&Kramer Software App and to
immediately stop using Kramer&Kramer Software Apps upon any notice that such use may be considered an infringing act.  In no event will Kramer&Kramer Software's liability to you exceed the amount you have paid for Apps and In App Purchases from Kramer&Kramer Software.
To contact Kramer&KramerSoftware tap:
Contact Us
or send an email to:
CustomerService@KramerAndKramerSoftware.com
We would appreciate your comments, positive or negative, directly to us.
We would also appreciate favorable written reviews on the App Store.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it
Sub-section Policy: 