Digital Yacht Privacy Statement (May 2022)
Your privacy is important to Digital Yacht. We developed this Privacy Policy so you know how we collect, use, share and store your personal information.
We are:
Digital Yacht Ltd,
6 Farleigh Court, Flax Bourton, BS48 1UR, registered in the UK 04838747
We are registered as a Data Controller with the Information Commissioner’s Office, ZA321939
In summary:
• We will be transparent about the information we are collecting and what we will do with it.
• We will use the information you give us for the purposes described in our Privacy Policy below, which includes providing you with services you have requested.
• We will also use the information to help us understand you better and so that we can give you relevant information and offers.
• If you tell us, you don’t want to receive marketing messages we will stop sending them. We will, of course, continue to send essential information relating to a product or service you have purchased.
• We will put in place measures to protect your information and keep it secure.
• We will respect your data protection rights and aim to give you control over your own information
This Privacy Statement applies to all websites, applications (“apps”) and products on which this Privacy Statement is shown. If a Digital Yacht website, app or product links to a different privacy statement, then that privacy statement will apply to your use of that site, app or product.
When You Buy Products on a Digital Yacht Website
If you purchase a product on a Digital Yacht site, then Digital Yacht will collect Personal Information from you, such as your name, mailing address and telephone number, so that we can process your order and fulfil your purchase. This information will be held on our accounting system. We do not view or store your payment card information. Third parties such as PayPal or Paymentsense process customer payment card information when Digital Yacht customers use a payment card to make a purchase on a Digital Yacht site.
When you Communicate with Digital Yacht
When you interact with our customer sales and support representatives via email, website, telephone or in person, we may collect Personal Information, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address and contact preferences as well as information about the Digital Yacht products you own, such as their serial numbers and date of purchase. We also may create event logs that are useful in diagnosing product or app performance related issues, and capture information relating to the support or service issue. We use this information to provide you with customer and product support. To improve customer service, subject to applicable laws, we may also record and review conversations with customer support representatives, and analyse any feedback provided to us through voluntary customer surveys.
We may use Personal Information to communicate with you, including communicating with you about your account or transactions with us, giving you important information about your products or apps, sending you notice about material changes to this Privacy Statement, and, consistent with applicable laws and the choices available to you as described below under Your Choices regarding Marketing Correspondence, sending you offers and promotions for our products and apps.
Other Uses of Personal Information by Digital Yacht
Digital Yacht may use Personal Information for internal statistical, marketing or operational purposes, including generating sales reports and measuring and understanding demographic, user interest, purchasing and other trends among our customers.
Entities with Whom Digital Yacht May Share Personal Information
With Service Providers:
We may use third party service providers to help us to administer certain activities on our behalf, such as fulfilling purchases and shipping products, processing credit card payments, sending emails, providing advertisements, analysing usage of our websites and apps and tracking effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. We may share Personal Information about you with such third party service providers to the extent necessary for the sole purpose of enabling them to perform services on our behalf.
Here are examples of third-party service providers we use:
Email Providers: MyNewsDesk for press and news content emails
Analytics Services: Digital Yacht uses third-party service providers such as Google Analytics to help us better understand usage of Digital Yacht websites. The third parties we currently use to provide such analytics and related services are described below under Cookies and Similar Technology.
Other Disclosures:
We may disclose Personal Information about you to others if we have your consent to do so in such form of consent as may be required under applicable law.
Subject to applicable laws in your jurisdiction, we may also disclose Personal Information about you to others as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law or regulation, including laws or regulations outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public authorities and law enforcement officials, including officials outside your country of residence; (d) to assist or support theft investigations involving Digital Yacht products or property, (e) to enforce any of our terms and conditions or policies; (f) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates and subsidiaries; (g) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of Digital Yacht, its affiliates and subsidiaries, you or others; or (h) to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
We may also transfer Personal Information to an affiliate, a subsidiary or a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of Digital Yacht’s business, assets or stock, including, without limitation, in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceeding.
Cookies and Similar Technology
To help analyse how you and other visitors navigate Digital Yacht websites and compile aggregate statistics about site usage and response rates, we, with assistance from third-party analytics service providers, collect certain information when you visit our site. This information may include IP address, geographic location of the device, browser type, browser language, date and time of your request, time(s) of your visit(s), demographics, page views and page elements (e.g., links) that you click. We may use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIF’s or other similar tools on our site or in our email messages to assist us in collecting and analysing such information. We use this information to provide better, more relevant content on our site, to measure the effectiveness of advertisements, to identify and fix problems, and to improve your overall experience on our site.
If you do not want information collected through the use of these technologies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline many of these technologies, or to be given the choice of declining or accepting them. In addition, if you reside in a jurisdiction that requires us to obtain your consent to use cookies on our sites then you will have an opportunity to manage your cookie preferences on the site except that certain cookies are required to enable core site functionality and you cannot choose to disable those cookies.
Here are examples of third-party providers of analytics and similar services we currently use:
Analytics Services:
Google: Google Analytics is used to track site statistics and user demographics, interests and behaviour on websites. We also use Google Search Console to help understand how our website visitors find our website and to improve our search engine optimization.
Links, Third Party Apps, and Third Parties’ Privacy Practices
Our websites, apps and products may contain links to other sites that are not operated by Digital Yacht, and our websites or your product may contain apps that you can download from third parties. These linked sites and apps are not under our control and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any linked sites and apps. If you use any third-party sites or apps, any Personal Information collected by the third party’s site or app will be controlled by the privacy policy of that third party. We recommend that you carefully review the privacy statements of any third parties to which you provide Personal Information.
Security
Digital Yacht takes reasonable security measures to help protect against loss, misuse, unauthorized access and unauthorized disclosure or alteration of the Personal Information under its control.
We have put in place appropriate physical and electronic measures, security policies and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the personal data that we have under our control from unauthorised access, improper use, alteration, unlawful or accidental destruction or accidental loss.
Any data provided by you via our website is encrypted during transmission, and the encryption details can be viewed by clicking the padlock icon in your browser. All personal data we subsequently hold is stored on secure drives that can only be accessed by our own authorised staff, and any data or back-ups taken off-site are only ever stored on secured drives. At the same time, all employees who have access to your personal data are contractually obliged to respect the confidentiality of that data.
Your Choices regarding Marketing Correspondence
We may use your Personal Information to send you marketing-related correspondence (including emails) related to Digital Yacht products in accordance with your email preferences. We do not share Personal Information with third parties for the third parties’ marketing purposes.
To opt out of receiving marketing-related correspondence from Digital Yacht, click „Unsubscribe“ from any marketing email you receive from Digital Yacht.
Policy with Respect to Children
Our websites and apps are not directed to individuals under the age of 16, and we request that individuals under 16 do not provide Personal Information to Digital Yacht through any Digital Yacht website. If we learn that we have collected the Personal Information from a child under 16, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
Privacy Statement Updates
We may change this Privacy Statement from time to time as we add new products and apps, as we improve our current offerings, and as technologies and laws change. You can determine when this Privacy Statement was last revised by referring to the creation date at the top of this page. Any changes will become effective upon our posting of the revised Privacy Statement on our affected websites. We will provide notice to you if these changes are material and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent. This notice will be provided by posting notice of the changes on our affected websites or products/apps, consistent with applicable laws.
Retention of Personal Information
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes for which your Personal Information has been collected as outlined in this Privacy Statement unless a longer retention period is required by law. For example, we are required to keep all data relating to purchases and other financial transactions for 6 years for our tax records.
How You Can Review, Correct, Update and Delete Your Personal Information
Digital Yacht takes reasonable steps to help ensure that the Personal Information we collect from you is accurate, complete and current. You may request access to your Personal Information and request that erroneous or inaccurate Personal Information be updated. You may also request that your Personal Information and Digital Yacht account be deleted. Digital Yacht will respond promptly to your requests in accordance with applicable law. For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We may decline to process requests that jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or would cause us to take any action that is not permissible under applicable laws. Additionally, as permitted by applicable laws, we may need to retain certain Personal Information for a longer period of time for recordkeeping purposes, such as retaining records relating to your purchases for warranty or accounting purposes.
Access, correction or deletion requests can be made by email to
sales@digitalyacht.co.uk
or write to us at our registered address above.