Privacy Data Requests
Master Access Agreement
Master Access Agreement (UK)
Researcher & Visitor Privacy Policy
Scout Terms and Conditions
Scout Privacy Policy
Copyright Infringement Policy
Cookie Declaration
Data Processing Addendum (DPA)
GDPR Information
Scout Experience Standards
The English version of our scout privacy policy is below. You can also find the privacy policy in:
Chinese
,
Italian
,
Japanese
,
Spanish
,
French
,
German
,
Portuguese
and
Korean
.
Scout Terms & Privacy Policy - English
Expand Contract
Download
Scout Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
1.
Terms & Conditions
2.
Privacy Policy
This is an agreement between you and dscout. Please scroll down to read it and our
Scout Privacy Policy
which describes how we use your data.
When you apply for or participate in research Missions, you are giving us (and our customers) ownership of the information you submit. You can’t usually erase those submissions later. You can, however, always erase your basic profile info, opt out of marketing, or close your account. We'll help you if you reach out to us.
You must be 16 (in Europe) or 13 (in the US) to open an account. If you’re under 18 (anywhere in the world), your parent or guardian needs to give you permission.
This Agreement is effective as of September 6, 2024.
Scout Terms and Conditions
Last Updated: May 3, 2024
Thanks for becoming a dscout, Inc (“dscout”) research respondent—a “Scout.”
As used in this Agreement, “you” and “your” refer to you, as a Scout, and “we” or “us” refers to dscout.
Sometimes we update this Agreement. If that update changes material terms, you will be asked to accept the updated Agreement electronically. Please review this Agreement frequently for any changes. Your continued use of the Platform after we post any non- material changes to this Agreement on the Platform means you accept this Agreement, as updated.
IMPORTANT NOTICE: THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDES A WAIVER OF CLASS ACTION RIGHTS. CLICK
HERE
FOR MORE.
What is dscout? dscout provides an online system to conduct in-context, in-the-moment insights (“Platform”). We and other companies or groups (“Researchers”) post opportunities for Scouts to participate in real-world, web- and mobile app-based research projects and surveys (“Missions”). You post profile information which we store. When a Researcher posts an application for a Mission (“Screener”) or a Mission, you can apply, and, if selected, participate. Usually, Scouts are paid an incentive to participate. If you accept a Mission, you are agreeing to perform all obligations specified in that Mission.
Additional Terms between Scouts and Researchers
Certain Missions may be governed by additional terms and requirements created by the Researcher (“Additional Terms”). If so, these terms will be shown to you. If you agree to participate in a Mission subject to additional terms, you agree that you will abide by those terms and requirements. They are supplemental to, and do not replace, this Agreement. In the event of a conflict between any Additional Terms and this Agreement, this Agreement takes precedence, unless we agree in writing otherwise with the Researcher. Any provision in a Researcher’s Additional Terms that conflicts with this Agreement is void, unless we agree in writing otherwise with the Researcher.
Taxes and Reporting
You are solely responsible for satisfying all taxes, and other legal requirements, including those applicable to incentive payments or other compensation you may receive for participating in Missions. In accordance with U.S. tax law, you may be required to provide dscout updated address and social security details. dscout or our partners/service providers may notify the IRS about the compensation you receive from dscout. You will also be notified if that happens.
No Agency
No agency, franchise, partnership, joint venture, or employee-employer relationship is intended or created by this Agreement, either with us or any other party, including any Researcher. You acknowledge and agree that your relationship to us and any Researcher is that of an independent contractor and specifically not that of an employee.
Links to Third Party Sites
You may find links to other sites when you use the Platform. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such sites or resources; or (ii) the content, advertising, or products on or available from such sites or resources. The inclusion of any link on the Platform does not imply that we endorse the linked site. You use the links at your own risk and relieve us from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website.
Scout Profile Information
In order for us to pay you for any Missions or Screener, and in order to qualify you for certain Missions as a Scout, you must provide profile information. This may include photographs, video, and other personal information.
When you use the Platform, you agree to provide true, accurate and complete information, and to update this information to maintain its truthfulness, accuracy and completeness. You cannot register under more than one profile without our permission. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless anyone, including us and Researchers, who may be harmed in any way by the submittal of any untruthful, inaccurate or incomplete information. This indemnification includes the payment of any damages incurred, as well as any costs and attorney’s fees related to enforcing the indemnification and collecting any amounts due. We will collect, use and disclose your information as set forth in our
Scout Privacy Policy
.
Applications and Screener Data
Applying to a Mission does not mean you will be selected to participate. In fact, the application process is often quite competitive, and most applicants aren’t accepted. When submitting a Screener you assign to dscout all right, title, and interest in the data “(Screener Data”) you submit. dscout may retain or transfer those rights to others, including Researchers. You may not know the identity of the
other parties who will see your Screener Data when you submit it. By submitting Screener Data, you agree that dscout may share this data, along with certain elements of your Scout Profile Information to any third party and any Researcher.
Rights in Mission Entries
You assign forever to dscout all right, title and interest to everything you submit to a Mission (“Mission Entries”). dscout may retain or transfer those rights to others, including Researchers. You may not know the identity of the other parties who will see your Mission Entries when you submit it. By submitting Mission Entries, you agree that dscout may share this data, along with certain elements of your Scout Profile Information to any third party and any Researcher. Sometimes, to meet legal requirements or at the request of a Researcher, dscout will divulge to you the name or names of third parties or Researchers with whom your data will be shared. When that occurs, you may notify dscout if you would no longer like to have any data shared with that third party and/or Researcher, and we will delete that data.
CONFIDENTIALITY. YOU AGREE TO KEEP CONFIDENTIAL AND NOT TO DIVULGE TO ANYONE, OTHER THAN AN ATTORNEY OR ACCOUNTANT REPRESENTING YOUR INTERESTS, ANY OF THE SCREENER DATA OR MISSION ENTRIES, INCLUDING THE SUBJECT MATTER RELATED TO ANY MISSION, FOR A PERIOD OF THREE YEARS AFTER SUBMISSION. YOU WILL NOT KEEP A COPY OF ANY SUBMISSION THAT YOU CREATE NEW SPECIFICALLY FOR A SCREENER OR MISSION, ANYWHERE, INCLUDING ON YOUR PHONE.
WE ARE REPEATING THIS PARAGRAPH BECAUSE IT IS SO IMPORTANT
. CONFIDENTIALITY. YOU AGREE TO KEEP CONFIDENTIAL AND NOT TO DIVULGE TO ANYONE, OTHER THAN AN ATTORNEY OR ACCOUNTANT REPRESENTING YOUR INTERESTS, ANY OF THE SCREENER DATA OR MISSION ENTRIES, INCLUDING THE SUBJECT MATTER RELATED TO ANY MISSION, FOR A PERIOD OF THREE YEARS AFTER SUBMISSION. YOU WILL NOT KEEP A COPY OF ANY SUBMISSION THAT YOU CREATE NEW SPECIFICALLY FOR A SCREENER OR MISSION, ANYWHERE, INCLUDING ON YOUR PHONE.
Nothing in this Agreement limits your right to file a charge or complaint with any federal, state or local governmental agency or commission (“Government Agencies”). This Agreement does not limit your ability to communicate with any Government Agencies or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to dscout. This Agreement does not limit your right to receive an award for information provided to any Government Agencies.
Publication of Mission Entries
Some Researchers may publish certain data you submit publicly. You consent to the Researchers’ use of your information that is on the Platform as described in the
Scout Privacy Policy
. You agree you will not receive additional compensation for Researcher’s publication of that data.
Fees
There is no cost to becoming a Scout or in browsing most of the Platform. We may charge fees to Researchers who desire to use Scouts for their Missions.
Payments
dscout reserves the right to not compensate Scouts who fail to perform the Mission requirements in a complete and timely manner. Payment disputes must be brought to dscout’s attention within 90 days of either the Mission close date or the date you received notification that payment is forthcoming.
dscout will not review payment disputes after the 90-day period has lapsed.
Other Researchers
We are not a party to the dealing, contracting and fulfillment of a Mission between a Scout and a Researcher unless dscout is the Researcher. We have no control over and do not guarantee the quality, safety or legality of other Researchers’ Missions, the truth or accuracy of their Mission listings, the qualifications, background, or abilities of Scouts, the ability of other Researchers to pay, or that a Scout or Researcher can or will actually complete a transaction. We are not required to and do not verify any information given to us by Researchers or Scouts, nor do we perform background checks.
Scout Eligibility
To use the Platform, you must be 13 years or older (16 years or older in the European Union). If you are still a minor where you live, you must have your parent or legal guardian read this Agreement and permit you to open an account. If you are a minor, you must also get their permission every time you want to apply or are selected to participate in Screeners or Missions, respectively. By agreeing to these Terms, you promise that you have met these requirements every time.
User Names and Passwords
When you register, you may be asked to choose a username and password. You must protect them. You authorize us to assume that any person using the Platform with your username and password either is you or is authorized to act for you. You agree to notify us immediately if you suspect or become aware of any unauthorized use of your user name or password.
Restrictions on Use
You agree you will not: (a) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper operation of the Platform; (b) bypass any security measures or restrictions, (c) upload invalid data, viruses, worms, spam, or other software agents through or to the Platform; (d) collect or harvest any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Platform; (e) sell, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, publicly perform, prepare derivative works based on, repost or otherwise use the Platform in any way for any public or commercial purpose without our prior written consent; or (f) reverse engineer or attempt to interfere with the operation of any part of the Platform.
Content
You agree not to submit information or data to the Platform that:
is or could be harmful to someone;
is illegal or violates another party’s rights (including confidentiality, privacy or intellectual property rights);
is not accurate or untrue; or
depicts or is about someone else, without their express permission to use their name, likeness or other information about them in your submission.
You must have the rights to post any content that you place on the Platform. To the extent your content contains music or video, you hereby represent you are the owner of all the copyright rights, and have the power to grant the rights to dscout to use that content as described in this Agreement and the
Scout Privacy Policy
.
dscout does not review or edit content that is posted on the Platform, by Scouts or Researchers other than dscout. dscout takes no responsibility for anything you submit, nor anything to which you might be exposed, on the Platform, even if it offensive, inappropriate, or indecent. You agree that dscout will not be liable for any damages you allegedly incur as a result of content on the Platform.
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to reject and/or remove any content from the Platform, in our sole discretion, including for violating this Agreement.
dscout and Researchers only obligations to compensate you for your submissions are described within Missions. You confirm that your submissions to the Platform are not and not intended to be covered by any guild, union, collective bargaining or similar agreement and there will be no residual or any other type of payment due from dscout or any Researcher to you, to any third party, guild, or union, or pursuant to any collective bargaining agreement, in connection with your use of the Platform.
Comments about the Platform
You may send us comments or ideas about the Platform or our business. You agree your disclosure is unsolicited, unrestricted, and that you assign any rights in such comments or ideas to dscout, without payment to you.
Our License to You
Subject to and conditioned on your compliance with this Agreement, we grant you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to (i) access and use the Platform for the purpose of completing Missions and receiving the services available and authorized from the Platform and (ii) install the App solely for the purposes of accessing the Platform. We and our licensors retain all our right, title and interest in and to all patent rights, inventions, copyrights, know-how, and trade secrets relating to the Platform. Our logos and names are trademarks and may be registered in certain jurisdictions. All other product names, company names, marks, logos and symbols on the Platform may be the trademarks of their respective owners. Except as expressly stated above, nothing in this Agreement confers any license under any of our or any third party’s intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise.
Open Source Software
Some open source software may be incorporated into the Platform under a separate license, such as a free software, open source, or other license. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and any such separate license, the separate license will prevail with respect to such open source software.
Copyright Complaints
We respect the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please see dscout’s
Copyright Infringement Policy.
Other License Terms for Apple or iOS Devices
The following terms apply when you use dscout’s mobile app (“App”) for iOS devices (the “iOS Application”). You agree that Apple Inc. (“Apple”) is not responsible in any way for the iOS Application, including without limitation for any maintenance or support for the iOS Application, and is not a party to this Agreement, which is between you and dscout only. You and dscout acknowledge that Apple and its subsidiaries are, however, third party beneficiaries of this Agreement and will have the right to enforce this Agreement against you
as third-party beneficiaries. This Agreement is concluded between dscout and you only, and not Apple. dscout, and not Apple, is solely responsible for the iOS Application and its content.
Limited License. If you are using a compatible iOS-capable device, dscout hereby grants to you a non-transferable, worldwide, non-exclusive, limited license to download, install and/or use the object code version of the iOS Application solely on that device. All rights not expressly granted in this Agreement are reserved by dscout and its licensors.
Developer Contact Information. dscout is the developer of this iOS Application. dscout is located at 222 N LaSalle St., Suite 650, Chicago, IL 60601. Questions, complaints or claims with respect to the iOS Application should be directed to:
info@dscout.com.
You acknowledge that Apple is not obligated to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the iOS Application. Apple is not responsible for any claims relating to the iOS Application, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the iOS Application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection, privacy, or similar legislation.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, APPLE WILL HAVE NO WARRANTY OBLIGATION WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE iOS APPLICATION, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WITH RESPECT TO PRODUCT LIABILITY CLAIMS, CLAIMS THAT THE iOS APPLICATION FAILS TO CONFORM TO ANY APPLICABLE LEGAL OR REGULATORY REQUIREMENT, AND/OR CLAIMS ARISING UNDER CONSUMER PROTECTION OR SIMILAR LEGISLATION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS MAY NOT APPLY OR MAY BE LIMITED.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY CLAIMS – APPLE DISCLAIMER. YOU AND DSCOUT ACKNOWLEDGE THAT IN NO EVENT WILL APPLE BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INVESTIGATION, DEFENSE, SETTLEMENT OR DISCHARGE OF ANY CLAIM THAT THE iOS APPLICATION INFRINGES ON A THIRD PARTY’S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
Contacting Apple. In the event of a failure of the iOS Application to conform to any applicable warranty set forth herein, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund any purchase price for the iOS Application.
Export Restrictions
You acknowledge that dscout is subject to U.S. export control laws and regulations. You represent that you are not a citizen of an embargoed or sanctioned country nor are you a prohibited or restricted end user under applicable U.S. export laws, regulations and lists. You will not use, export or allow a third party to use or export the Platform in any manner that would violate applicable law, including but not limited to applicable export control laws and regulations. You further agree to comply with U.S. export laws concerning the transmission of technical data and other regulated materials via the Platform.
Resolution of Disputes
dscout’s goal is to resolve any dispute between you and dscout quickly and cost-effectively. Accordingly, you and we agree that we will resolve any problem that arises in accordance with this section. Before resorting to these alternatives, you agree to first contact us directly to try to resolve the problem.
Law and Forum for Disputes. This Agreement is governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Illinois without giving effect to any principle that may provide for the application of the law of another jurisdiction including conflicts of law provisions. Except as stated below, you agree that any claim you may have against us must be resolved by a court located in Cook County, Illinois. You agree to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Cook County, Illinois for the purpose of litigating any claims between you and dscout. Any cause of action you may have with respect to the Platform must be commenced within 180 days after it arises, or the cause of action is barred.
Arbitration Option. For any claim arising between you and us (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) where the total amount of the award sought is less than $10,000, either you or dscout may elect to resolve the dispute in a cost-effective manner through binding non-appearance-based arbitration. A party electing arbitration must initiate the arbitration through an established alternative dispute resolution (“ADR”) provider mutually agreed upon by the parties. The ADR provider and the parties must comply with the following rules: (a) the ADR provider will specify whether the arbitration will be conducted by telephone, online, or solely based on written submissions; (b) the arbitration will not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties; and (c) if an arbitrator renders an award the party receiving the award has the right to enter any judgment on the award in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Improperly Filed Claims. Should you file a claim contrary to this section entitled “Resolution of Disputes,” we will be entitled to recover attorneys’ fees and costs, provided that we have notified you in accordance with this Agreement of the improperly filed claim, and you have failed to promptly withdraw the claim.
Waiver of Jury Trial. If a claim proceeds in court, dscout and you each waive any right to a jury trial.
Class Action Waiver
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY – IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS.
dscout and you agree that
dscout and you will resolve any claims on an individual basis, and that any claims brought under this Agreement or in connection with the Platform will be brought in an individual capacity, and not on behalf of, or as part of, any purported class, consolidated, or representative proceeding. dscout and you further agree that dscout and you will not participate in any consolidated, class, or representative proceeding (existing or future) brought by any third party arising under this Agreement or in connection with the Platform. If any court or arbitrator determines that the class action waiver set forth in this paragraph is void or unenforceable for any reason or that a lawsuit can proceed on a class basis, then the claims must be litigated in federal court located in Cook County, Illinois.
Term; Termination and Suspension; Survival
This Agreement will become effective when you accept it electronically, and will continue until your account is terminated by you or us. Also, either party may terminate this Agreement by notifying the other party.
We may issue a warning, or temporarily suspend, indefinitely suspend or terminate your account or participation on a Mission, for any reason, including if: (a) you breach any terms and conditions of this Agreement or the information incorporated herein by reference, including our written policies and procedures posted on the Platform or linked here; (b) we suspect or become aware that you have provided false or misleading information to us; (c) we believe in our sole discretion that your actions may cause legal liability for you, dscout or other Platform users or are contrary to the interests of the Platform; or (d) you breach the letter or spirit of any Researcher terms and conditions for a Mission in which you participate. Once indefinitely suspended or terminated, you may not continue to use the Platform. In addition, violations of this Agreement may be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law and may result in additional penalties and sanctions.
When your account is terminated for any reason, you may no longer have access to data, messages, files and other material you placed on Platform. That material may be deleted by dscout. Even after this Agreement is terminated, any provisions of this Agreement, which by their express language or by their context are intended to survive the termination of this Agreement (including without limitation, provisions governing indemnification, limitations on liability, disclaimers of warranty, ownership of intellectual property and data), will survive such termination.
Warranty disclaimer
The Platform and all content on the Platform are provided “as is,” as available, and without any warranties or conditions (express or implied, including the implied warranties of merchantability, accuracy, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, arising by statute or otherwise in law or from a course of dealing or usage or trade). Some states and jurisdictions do not allow for all the foregoing limitations on implied warranties, so to that extent, if any, some or all of the above limitations may not apply to you.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT SHALL DSCOUT OR RESEARCHERS WHO OFFER MISSIONS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES OF ANY TYPE OR KIND (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS) ARISING UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF DSCOUT OR A RESEARCHER HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR DAMAGES OR SUCH LOSSES OR DAMAGES WERE OTHERWISE FORESEEABLE. THIS INCLUDES, BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO, NOT BEING LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES RELATED TO UPLOADING, DOWNLOADING OR RUNNING MOBILE OR OTHER APPLICATIONS, INCLUDING POOR PERFORMANCE ISSUES, “CRASHES” IN OPERATING SYSTEMS, INTERRUPTION OR DENIAL OF SERVICE, LOSS OF DATA, OR ANY OTHER ADVERSE EFFECT TO YOU AS A RESULT OF USING THE PLATFORM OTHER THAN THAT WHICH IS DUE TO OUR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE. IN ANY CASE, THE TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF DSCOUT OR AN APPLICABLE RESEARCHER TO YOU, A SCOUT, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY USE OF THE PLATFORM SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF (A) TOTAL COMPENSATION PAID TO YOU OVER THE PREVIOUS TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE DATE WHEN THE CLAIM AROSE OR (B) $100. SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR ALL THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF DIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO TO THAT EXTENT, IF ANY, SOME OR ALL OF THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY DESCRIBED ABOVE SHALL APPLY FULLY TO RESIDENTS OF NEW JERSEY. IF ANY PORTION OF THIS SECTION IS HELD TO BE INVALID UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY, THE INVALIDITY OF SUCH PORTION SHALL NOT AFFECT THE VALIDITY OF THE REMAINING PORTIONS OF THE APPLICABLE SECTIONS. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE §1542, WHICH STATES: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, AND THAT IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY.”
Indemnity
You agree to defend, hold harmless and indemnify dscout, its affiliates and their respective partners, employees and agents and, as applicable, Researchers from and against any and all losses, costs, expenses, damages or other liabilities, including attorneys’ fees, arising from a third party against any of those indemnified parties related to: (a) your use of the Platform; (b) any breach of contract or other claims made by Researchers with which you conducted business through the Platform; (c) your breach of any provision of this Agreement or a Researcher’s Additional Terms; (d) any liability arising from the tax treatment of payments or any portion thereof; or (e) bodily injury or death of any person or damage or destruction to real and/or tangible personal property, to the extent directly, indirectly or proximately caused by your poor judgment, illegal acts or negligent or willful acts or omissions. Any such indemnification will be conditioned on our: (i) notifying you in writing of any such claim, demand, action, cost, liability, loss or threat of any thereof; (ii) cooperating with you in the defense or settlement thereof; and (iii) allowing you to control such defense or settlement. We will be entitled to participate in such defense through our own counsel at our own cost and expense. We reserve the right to report any wrongdoing of which we become aware to the applicable government agencies or otherwise.
Communications from dscout to You
We will communicate with you by email or by posting communications on the Platform. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. You will be considered to have received a communication when we send it to the email address you have provided to
dscout, or when we post such communication on the Platform. You must keep your email address updated on the Platform, and you must regularly check the Platform for postings. If you fail to respond to an email message from dscout regarding a violation, dispute or complaint within two business days, we have the right to terminate or suspend your Missions or your account.
Communications from You to dscout
All notices to dscout intended to have a legal effect concerning this Agreement or the Platform must be in writing and delivered either in person or by a means evidenced by a delivery receipt, to the following address:
dscout, Inc.
222 N LaSalle St., Suite 650
Chicago, IL 60601 Attn: President
Notices to dscout are deemed effective upon receipt.
Miscellaneous Terms and Conditions
We will not be considered to have modified or waived any of our rights or remedies under this Agreement unless the modification or waiver is in writing and signed by an authorized representative. No delay or omission by dscout in exercising rights or remedies will impair any rights or be construed as a waiver.
You will not transfer, assign or delegate your rights or obligations (including your account) under this Agreement to anyone without our express written permission. We may assign this Agreement in our sole discretion.
This Agreement, together with any other legal notices and agreements published via the Platform, will constitute the entire agreement between you and dscout concerning the Platform. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect.
The Platform is controlled and operated from its facilities in the United States. We make no representations that the Platform is appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access or use the Platform from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are entirely responsible for compliance with all applicable United States and local laws and regulations, including but not limited to export and import regulations. You may not use or access the Platform if you are located or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government currently is, the target of sanctions, embargoes or trade restrictions imposed by any U.S. government authority, or you are a foreign person currently included on the List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or the Foreign Sanctions Evaders List maintained by the U.S. Treasury Department’s OFAC.
Neither you nor dscout will be responsible for the failure to perform or any delay in performance of any obligation in this Agreement due to any conditions beyond the reasonable control of such party. The time for performance will be extended by the period of such delay.
The boldface paragraph headings in this Agreement are included for ease of reference only and have no binding effect. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements between the parties regarding the subject matter contained herein.
Researchers are intended third party beneficiaries of this Agreement as it pertains to your obligations under this Agreement, and will have the right to enforce this Agreement directly against you in their own names or jointly with dscout.
Information or Complaints
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users of the Platform are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: If you
have a question or complaint regarding the Platform, please send an e-mail to the e-mail address listed below. California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N112, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
dscout, Inc.
222 N LaSalle St., Suite 650
Chicago, IL 60601 Attn: President
(312) 880-9715
info@dscout.com
Scout Privacy Policy
Last Updated: September 6, 2024
dscout, Inc. (“dscout,” “Company,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) is an online venue where dscout and other companies or groups (each a “Researcher”) post opportunities for individuals (each a “Scout” or “you”) to participate in online and mobile application-based research projects and surveys (collectively, “Missions”).
You understand that your Personal Data, including any data you provide, is processed by dscout in countries including the United States, which may have different data protection standards if you reside in another country.
As used in this Privacy Policy, “you” and “your” refer to you, as a Scout.
Introduction
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, disclose and transfer information from you collected through the dscout mobile application (the “App”), the dscout website located at
www.dscout.com
and any other website, widget, mobile application or other service that links to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Platform”) or when you participate in a Screener or Mission (each, as defined below). This Privacy Policy does not cover any information collected at any other web site or application (unless specifically stated) or information collected from Researchers or visitors to
www.dscout.com
, which are governed by the dscout.com Researcher & Visitor Privacy Policy. Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. If you, as a Scout, do not agree, you should not use or register on the Platform.
PLEASE NOTE: THE APP WILL ALLOW DSCOUT TO COLLECT AND USE YOUR DEVICE’S PRECISE LOCATION INFORMATION. This includes GPS-based, Wifi-based and cell tower-based location information.
Table of Contents
1. What Information Do We Collect and From What Sources Do We Collect It?
2. How Do We Use the Information Collected?
3. How and When Do We Disclose Information to Third Parties?
4. Legal Basis for Use of Your Information
5. Rights and Choices
6. Additional Notice to California Residents
7. EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
8. Information Relating to Children Under the Age of 13
9. How Information Is Protected
10. Retention of Your Information by dscout
11. Changes to This Privacy Policy
12. Contact Us
1. What Information Do We Collect and From What Sources Do We Collect It?
Required Registration Information
You may be asked to create an account in order to access the Platform. An account may require you to provide at least an email address, first name, last name, birthdate, and password (“Account Information”).
Scout Profile Information
You have the option to add additional profile information to your account. This optional profile information includes, but is not limited to: gender, country of residence, zip code, a profile picture, address, household information, education information, racial or ethnic origin, sexual orientation, religion, income, and employment status, industry and job title. We may also infer data about you from your Mission Entries, or from third party sources, and append that data to your Scout Profile. Optional information that you choose to provide may be considered Sensitive Data. “Sensitive Data” means information specifying medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic groups, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union memberships or information specifying the sex life of an individual. We process this information in accordance with applicable legal requirements. While it is optional to provide this additional profile information, it helps dscout and Researchers identify you for possible Missions, and therefore helps you have the best possible experience on the Platform. You may update, change or delete the additional profile information you provide through the App at any time. If you need help, you may contact
privacy@dscout.com
and we will help you. The information described above is called “Scout Profile Information.” By creating an account or posting this additional profile information, you understand and acknowledge that dscout and Researchers will be able to view and use Scout Profile Information as outlined in this Privacy Policy, which may allow Researchers to identify you.
Social Media Information
If you choose to register on the Platform via a third-party service with which you have an account, like Facebook, we collect information from your third-party account depending on your settings, such as name, email address, profile picture, list of friends, people you follow, likes, work and education history, current city or other third-party account information. dscout does not control third-party services’ practices regarding the information they collect about you; you should read their policies to learn how they treat your personal information.
Information Provided by You in Response to Missions and Screeners
If you participate in a Mission, we or the Researcher will ask you to submit information, which may include live or prerecorded videos, photos, screenshots, reviews, interviews, or answers to survey questions (collectively, “Mission Entries”). Similarly, we sometimes send surveys (“Screeners”) to prospective Scouts for potential Missions that request additional information (“Screener Data”). You may or not be compensated for submitting Screener Data.
Participating in any Mission or Screener is optional. However, when you submit any Mission Entries or Screener Data, you understand and are allowing dscout and the applicable Researcher to use such information as described in this Privacy Policy, including for the Researcher’s own business purposes.
Screen Recording Special Warning
If you are required to record your screen as part of a Mission, we recommend you either begin recording after entering passwords or sensitive information into the site or app or change that information temporarily, before starting the recording session. Change it again after you complete the recording session.
Information We Automatically Collect as You Access and Use the Platform
We and our service providers use a variety of technologies that automatically (or passively) collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the Platform (“Usage Information”). Usage Information includes your browser type, the URL that referred you to the Platform, the areas within the Platform that you visit, and the time of day, among other information. We also collect IP address or other unique identifiers (“Device Identifier”), operating system and version, device type and carrier, if applicable, of the computer or other device (a “Device”). With your permission, we and our service providers collect and use precise location data, cellphone movement sensor data, or information about the websites or apps you visit. A few of the methods that we use to collect Usage Information, include, without limitation, the following (and subsequent technology and methods hereafter developed).
Cookies and Beacons
A cookie is a data file placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Platform. A Flash cookie is a data file placed on a Device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your Device. Web beacons consist of a small string of software code on your browser that works with cookies to monitor usage. Cookies, Flash cookies and beacons may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, remembering you and your preferences, tracking your visits to the Platform and personalizing your experiences with the Platform. If you choose to disable cookies, Flash cookies or beacons on your Device, some features of the Platform may not function properly. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. To manage Flash cookies, please click
here.
Embedded Scripts
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Platform, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Platform, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
Information Third Parties Provide About You
We may supplement the information we collect about you through the Platform with information from third parties, like companies that track your location or web surfing activity, including Researchers, in order to tailor our content for you and to offer you research and survey opportunities that we believe may be of interest.
Information You Provide About a Third Party
If you send someone else a communication from the Platform or about the Platform, such as sending an invitation to a friend, the information you provide (names, e-mail addresses, etc.) is used to facilitate the communication and is not used for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from that person or we explicitly say otherwise. Please be aware that when you use any send-to-a-friend functionality on our App, your e-mail address may be included in the communication sent to your friend.
Payment and Tax Information
We collect PayPal or analogous account information in order to compensate you for Missions or Screeners. Scouts whose earning exceed certain amounts may be required to provide updated address and social security details to allow dscout, Paypal, or similar parties to send you certain tax documentation.
2. How Do We Use the Information Collected?
We may use your information:
to provide you with information or access to the Platform;
to process transactions or payments that you have requested or agreed to receive;
to process your registration on the Platform, including verifying your information;
to establish and conduct Missions on behalf of Researchers or dscout, or Missions by Researchers, including to:
provide Researchers with Mission Entries, certain Scout Profile Information, and certain Screener Data for Researchers to use for their own business purposes, pursuant to our contract with you (the Scout Terms and Conditions);
to search for you, determine if you qualify for, and contact you about participating in Screeners, Missions, or data collection to build your Scout Profile;
to analyze and synthesize research findings from Screener Data or Mission Entries within a Mission;
to analyze, enhance or improve the Platform;
to customize your experience on the Platform, or to provide you specific content that is most relevant to you;
to contact you (such as via email) with regard to your Platform access and, in our discretion, changes to the Platform and/or the Platform’s policies;
to send offers and promotional materials related to the Platform and for other dscout marketing purposes;
for dscout’s advertising, marketing, publicity and promotional activities;
to transcribe interviews and/or videos;
for internal business purposes;
for other purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information;
to comply with any procedures, laws and regulations which apply to us, to comply with our legal obligations or, otherwise, where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others;
for security and fraud detection purposes, including by detecting, protecting against, and prosecuting security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity, or
to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others.
We reserve the right to create and use anonymous information—information that cannot reasonably identify you or your device or as otherwise defined by applicable law—for any purpose and to disclose such information to third parties in our sole discretion.
3. How and When Do We Disclose Information to Third Parties?
Researchers
When you participate in and are subsequently compensated for participating in Missions, you agree to assign all right, title, and interest in all your Mission Entries and related Screener Data, and certain Scout Profile Information, to dscout and the applicable Researcher, and all such information belongs to dscout and/or the applicable Researcher. You expressly consent to dscout sharing certain Scout Profile Information, Screener Data and Mission Entries with a Researcher, including any applicable Sensitive Data that you include in your Scout Profile Information. Researchers may be located in jurisdictions, including the United States, with different data protection standards than where you reside. As a Scout, you can withdraw or modify your consent to our future collection, sharing and processing of your Scout Profile Information at any time, by changing your account settings or your profile or by deactivating your account, subject to the restrictions described herein.
We disclose certain Scout Profile Information, certain Screener Data, and all Mission Entries to the applicable Researcher or Researchers for the Mission. dscout grants Researchers unlimited rights to use Mission Entries and the disclosed Screener Data and disclosed Scout Profile Information for Scouts applying for and/or participating in Missions for any business purposes (including research and marketing purposes), subject to applicable legal requirements and any restrictions set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Typically dscout does not disclose your full name, email address or home address to Researchers, but dscout will disclose your email address or home address to a Researcher if you participate in a Mission that requires the Researcher to e-mail you or mail you a product or other item to complete the Mission.
Service Providers
We may use service providers to perform certain services on our behalf, such as hosting the Platform, designing and/or operating the App’s features, tracking App or website analytics, collecting mobile sensor data, and enabling dscout to send you information about participating in research studies. We may provide these vendors with access to certain of your information to carry out the services they are performing for us. Our service providers are not permitted to use your information other than for performing services for dscout.
Advertising Partners
We may disclose your information to third party advertising networks or others in order to tailor and serve advertisements regarding our services to you.
Administrative and Legal Reasons
We may access, use, preserve, transfer and disclose your information including disclosure to third parties: (i) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, governmental requests or legal process if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by law, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; (ii) to protect and/or defend our agreements with our users and our policies, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (iii) to protect the safety, rights, property or security of the Platform, dscout or any third party; and/or (iv) to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues. Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you.
Business Transfer
We may disclose your information to our parent, subsidiaries and affiliates for internal reasons. We also reserve the right to disclose and transfer all such information: (i) to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of the Platform or applicable database; or (ii) in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our equity and/or assets or other corporate change, including, during the course of any due diligence process.
User Generated Content
The Platform may permit you to submit ideas, photographs, videos, writings, pictures, data, questions, comments, suggestions or other feedback in a forum available to the public. This information will become publicly available. dscout is not responsible for the use or misuse of any such content.
With Your Consent
We disclose your information to third parties for any other purpose disclosed by us at the time you provide the information. If you consent to receiving information and/or marketing offers directly from third parties, your information will be disclosed to such third parties and subject to their privacy policies. You will need to contact any such third parties directly to opt out of communications from them.
4. Legal Basis for Use of Your Information
The legal basis for using your information as set out in this Privacy Policy is as follows:
As necessary to perform our obligations under our contract with you, such as to comply with the Scout Terms and Conditions between you and dscout and to provide data to Researchers;
On the basis of implied or express consent, such as to process certain of your information or to send you certain information, including certain marketing communications; and/or
For our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others, for example, to inform you about Missions for which you might qualify, to ensure the security of our websites, operate our business and our websites, respond to your questions, engage in certain marketing, make and receive payments, prevent fraud, conduct analysis, improve our platform or services, enforce our legal terms, engage in a business change (e.g., sale, merger), and create anonymized data.
5. Rights and Choices
Accessing, Correcting and Deleting Account and Scout Profile Information
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the Account Information and Scout Profile Information you submit to us. Except as described herein, the Platform will allow you to directly review, correct, update or remove your Account Information and Scout Profile Information at any time. For automatically collected information, you also can exercise certain opt-out rights by following the instructions above or by contacting us as set forth in “
Contact Us
” below.
Marketing Communications
You can unsubscribe from marketing emails we send to you by clicking the “unsubscribe” link they contain. Please note that even though you may opt-out of receiving marketing-related communications from us, we may still send you transactional or administrative messages.
Deactivating Your Account
You may deactivate your account by contacting dscout and requesting that your account be deactivated. See “
Contact Us”
below in this Privacy Policy. If you deactivate your account, your Account Information and Scout Profile Information, and your PayPal account information (as applicable) will generally be deleted within 30 days or within the time required by applicable law. However, we may retain your certain information even after you have deactivated your account if retention is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including requests from law enforcement), to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy or our Terms, our other legal agreements with users, Researchers or Scouts.
Legal Rights
Your local laws (including those in the EEA, UK, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, or Utah) may permit you to exercise certain rights with respect to the information we collect from and about you.  Please note your rights and choices vary depending upon your location. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law, such as information subject to our contract with you, including with respect to Mission Entries, or for our legal obligations. We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity and verify your request before responding to your request as required or permitted by applicable law. In some circumstances, if you still ask us to delete your information, you may no longer be able to access or use our Platform or participate in Missions.
Depending on your location, you (or an authorized agent acting on your behalf) may make certain requests related to your personal information, including that we:
Inform you about the categories of personal information we collect or disclose about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we share/disclose personal information. Such information is also set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Provide access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you.
Correct certain personal information we have about you.
Restrict or object to certain processing of personal information.
Delete certain personal information we have about you.
Applicable law may provide you with the right not to be discriminated for exercising your rights.
You may update, correct, or remove your Scout Profile Information through your account. If you would like further information regarding your legal rights under applicable law or would like to exercise any of them, you may contact us by email at privacy@dscout.com. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity.
Authorized agents for California, Colorado, and Connecticut residents may submit requests to
privacy@dscout.com
. We may require proof of the written authorization you have been given.
You may appeal the denial of a request here: privacy@dscout.com. We will respond within the legally required time period, including a written explanation of the results of your appeal.
Online Targeted Advertising Privacy Choices
To advertise the dscout services on other sites or platforms, we may allow third party advertising vendors to process certain browsing data from our website along with cookies, IP address or device identifiers or we may use hashed email address or contact information for such purposes. Residents of certain states may opt out of this activity which may be considered a “sale” of their personal information or sharing or processing of their personal information for targeted advertising. Please note, we do not use Screener Data, Mission Entries or Scout Profile Information (other than contact information) for this purpose.
If you (or, if applicable under law, your authorized agent) would like to opt out of our sale of sharing or processing of their personal information of your information for such purposes, you may do so as outlined at the following page for our website: Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
You may still receive advertising, it just may not be tailored to your interests. Please note, if you use different browsers, devices, or services, you will need to opt out on each browser or device where you want the choice to apply. In some cases, you may also be presented with form field to complete in those cases where we will ask for your email address or other information so we may add it to an appropriate suppression list.
Please note that if you have a legally recognized browser-based opt out preference signal turned on via your device browser (such as Global Privacy Control), we recognize such preference in accordance and to the extent required by applicable law.
We also use Scout email address to contact you about Mission opportunities as described herein—you can opt out of those emails by clicking the “unsubscribe” link they contain. Please note that even though you may opt-out of receiving communications about Mission opportunities from us, we may still send you transactional or administrative messages.
International Users
Individuals in the European Union, the United Kingdom, and some other jurisdictions outside the United States have certain legal rights to obtain confirmation of whether we hold personal data about them, to access personal data we hold about them (including, in some cases, in portable form), and to obtain its correction, update, amendment or deletion in certain circumstances. They may also object to our uses or disclosures of personal data or exercise legal rights to withdraw consent, though such actions typically will not have retroactive effect. dscout will make every effort to respond to your request within the time period required by applicable law, usually within 30 days. Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, such as if we need to keep processing your information to perform our contractual obligations, including with respect to Mission Entries, or for our legitimate interests. To exercise any of the above rights (or any other rights under applicable law), please see “
Contact Us
” below in this Privacy Policy.
The rights described here are subject to limitations and exceptions under applicable law. In situations in which we process personal data on behalf of our customer, such as a Researcher, we may refer the request to the relevant customer and cooperate with their handling of the request, subject to any special contractual arrangement with that customer.
In addition to the rights above, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority. However, we encourage you to contact us first, and we will do our very best to resolve your concern.
6. Additional Notice to California Residents
If you are a California resident, California law requires us to provide you with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and disclose your “personal information” (as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)).
Throughout this Privacy Policy, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of information we collect from and about Scouts and discuss how we use and disclose such information. The following are the “categories” of personal information under the CCPA that we collect and that we may, as discussed throughout this Privacy Policy, use and disclose for our business purposes. We may use all the categories of personal information set forth below for operation (including technical functionality) of the Platform, internal research, advertising, security and fraud detection purposes, and legal compliance or for any purpose with your consent. See Section 2: “How Do We Use the Information Collected”. We may disclose all the categories of personal information set forth below to our service providers and with entities, such as government entities, as required by applicable law—see Section 3: “How and When Do We Disclose Information to Third Parties” for more information.
Category of Personal Information (see “What Information Do We Collect and From What Sources Do We Collect It” for more detail)
Use (see “How Do We Use the Information Collected” for more detail)
Disclosed to (see “How and When Do We Disclose Information to Third Parties” for more detail)
Identifiers (such as name and email address)
Manage your account and our internal operations
Provide and improve our Platform
Communicate with you, including, but not limited to, about dscout and Missions
Your first name and the first initial of your last name is disclosed to Researchers
Email or home address is disclosed to Researchers in limited circumstances if they need to email you or mail you a product for a Mission
Our service providers
Advertising partners to advertise our services
Demographic and statistical information you provide to build your profile such as your age, date of birth, gender, interests, lifestyle information, and hobbies
Provide and improve our Platform, including but not limited to conducting research and building your profile;
Invite you to certain Missions;
Make inferences to build your profile so that you can be invited to certain Missions
Researchers
Our service providers
Commercial information (such as transaction data)
Manage your account and our internal operations
Provide and improve our Platform
Our service providers
Financial data such as PayPal or, if applicable, tax information
Manage your account and our internal operations, including to ensure you are paid, as applicable
Provide and improve our Platform
Manage your payment history
Our service providers
Third party payment processors, including PayPal; if required, tax authorities
Internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage)
Provide and improve our Platform;
Ensure Platform functionality/reliability;
Communicate with you about your data
Researchers
Our service providers
Advertising partners to advertise our services
Health or medical information (only if you choose to provide it)
Provide and improve our Platform, including but not limited to conducting research;
Managing and building your profile so that you can be invited to certain healthcare-related Missions
Researchers
Our service providers
Device information and identifiers (such as IP address; browser type and language; operating system; platform type; device type; software and hardware attributes; and unique device identifiers)
Provide and improve our Platform;
Ensure Platform functionality/reliability
Our service providers
Advertising partners to advertise our services
General location and precise geolocation (with your consent) data
Provide and improve our Platform, including but not limited to conducting research
Invite you to certain Missions
Researchers
Our service providers
User-generated content
that you submit through the Platform
Provide and improve our Platform, including but not limited to conducting research and building your profile
Researchers
Our service providers
Characteristics of potentially protected classifications, to the degree that you choose to provide them (such as gender and marital status)
Provide and improve our Platform, including but not limited to conducting research and building your profile
Invite you to certain Missions
Researchers
Our service providers
Audio or visual information (e.g., if you participate in a video Mission or audio recording)
Provide and improve our Platform, including but not limited to conducting research and building your profile
Invite you to certain Missions
Make inferences to build your profile so that you can be invited to certain Missions
Researchers
Our service providers
Physical characteristics (e.g., if you voluntarily submit a photo);
Provide and improve our Platform, including but not limited to conducting research and building your profile
Invite you to certain Missions
Make inferences to build your profile so that you can be invited to certain Missions
Researchers
Our service providers
Professional, employment, educational, or other similar data
Provide and improve our Platform, including but not limited to conducting research and building your profile
Invite you to certain Missions
Researchers
Our service providers
Do Not Sell or Share Personal Information for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
California residents may opt out of the “sale” of their personal information and the sharing of their personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising (aka targeted advertising).
We may “sell” or share (and over the past 12 months may have shared) the following categories of information for such advertising in order to promote our Platform and services to you with advertising networks or allow such third parties to collect information including: device information and identifiers, such as IP address, and unique advertising identifiers and cookies; connection and usage information, such as site browsing history; geolocation information, such as city; and inference data.
In addition, we may provide some of your information, including contact information or identifiers in a way that constitutes a sale to third parties or sharing or processing of personal information for targeted advertising of our Platform and services to you. Please note we do not use other Scout Profile Information, Mission Entries or Screener Data for these purposes.
If you (or, if applicable under law, your authorized agent) would like to opt out of our sale of sharing or processing of their personal information of your information for such purposes, you may do so as outlined at the following page for our website: Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
You may still receive advertising, including ads based on data collected by dscout on the Platform. Please note, if you use different browsers or devices you will need to make your choices on each browser or device you want your choice to apply.
As set forth above, we disclose certain personal information to Researchers when you choose to participate in Missions. This participation is excepted from the opt out requirements under applicable law.
Financial Incentives
dscout’s provides certain rewards, discounts, products, compensation, or other incentives for scouts to participate in Missions (and in some instances in Screeners), which involve the provision of personal information by scouts to dscout and to Researchers. When you participate in a Mission, you agree to the terms of that Mission (e.g., number of diary submissions). The specific incentive offered is made available to you when you decide to participate in a Mission and varies depending on the Mission. Participation in Missions and Screeners is completely voluntary. If you decide you don’t want to participate, you can refrain from submitting responses to a Mission, and/or you can close your dscout account.
Data Retention
We retain your information as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collect it, unless a longer retention is required or permitted by law. We consider the nature and sensitivity of the information, the purposes for which we process the information, applicable legal requirements, and our legitimate interests in determining how long to retain information. Different processing purposes may dictate different retention periods for the same types of information.
Shine the Light Disclosure: Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits those who access the Platform who are California residents to request and obtain from us a list of what Personal Information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. We do not provide your personal information (as defined by 1798.83) to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
7. EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
dscout and its affiliate Panelfox LLC (together, "dscout") is based in and operates in the United States, which is where we process Personal Data and where there may be different data protection standards; dscout undertakes methods to transfer Personal Data as required by applicable law.
dscout complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. dscout has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. dscout has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, dscout commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact dscout at:
Privacy Coordinator
dscout, Inc.
222 N LaSalle St., Suite 650
Chicago, IL 60601
Attn: Privacy Coordinator
privacy@dscout.com
In compliance with the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, dscout commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of human resources data received in reliance on and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF in the context of the employment relationship.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, dscout commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to the International Center for Dispute Resolution, the international division of the American Arbitration Association, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.htm... for more information or to file a complaint. The services of the International Center for Dispute Resolution are provided at no cost to you. If neither dscout nor the alternative dispute resolution provider resolves your complaint, you may pursue binding arbitration through the Data Privacy Framework Panel by visiting www.dataprivacyframework.gov.
We are accountable for our transfer of EU Personal Data to third parties, as described in the DPF Principles. In particular, we remain responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if our third party agents who engage in processing of EU Personal Data on our behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
dscout is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. If applicable, you may make a complaint to the data protection supervisory authority in the country where you are based. Alternatively, you may seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have been breached.
8. Information Relating to Children Under the Age of 13
The Platform is not intended for use by children under 13 years of age (or in the EU, children under 16 years of age, or other ages of consent in other jurisdictions). No one under the age of consent specific to that jurisdiction may open an account, and entering a false birthdate is a violation of dscout’s Scout Terms and Conditions. We do not knowingly process data of EU residents under the age of 16 without parental consent. If we learn that we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under 13 or Personal Data from a child in the EU under the age of 16 without parent or guardian consent, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information. If you believe that we might have any Personal Information from or about a child under 13 or Personal Data from a child in the EU under the age of 16, please contact us as provided in the “
Contact Us
” section below.
9. How Information Is Protected
Your dscout account will be secured by user-created passwords, in which case reasonable precautions are taken to ensure that your Account Information or Scout Profile Information is kept private. You are responsible for keeping your passwords confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
We implement physical, technical, and administrative measures to protect your information stored within our databases, and we restrict access to such information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer service personnel and technical staff.
Despite these efforts, please note that we cannot 100% ensure or guarantee the security of your information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors could compromise the security of your Information. As such, you acknowledge and accept that we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to the Platform and that any such transmission is at your own risk.
10. Retention of Your Information by dscout
We keep your information as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it is processed. The length of time depends on the purposes for which we collected and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws.
11. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will provide notice to you on the Platform or by some other means, such as e-mail. Please review the changes carefully. If you agree to the changes, simply continue to use the Platform. If you object to any of the changes and no longer wish to use the Platform, you may deactivate your account. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information we have about you or your account. Using the Platform after a notice of changes has been communicated to you or published on the Platform will constitute consent to the changed terms or practices.
12. Contact Us
If you have any questions about: (a) access to your information; (b) the collection, use, management or disclosure of your information; or (c) this Privacy Policy, you should contact us by mail or e-mail as follows:
Privacy Coordinator
dscout, Inc.
222 N LaSalle St., Suite 650
Chicago, IL 60601
privacy@dscout.com
I understand and agree to Scout Terms & Privacy Policy - EnglishPrivacy Data Requests
Master Access Agreement
Master Access Agreement (UK)
Researcher & Visitor Privacy Policy
Scout Terms and Conditions
Scout Privacy Policy
Copyright Infringement Policy
Cookie Declaration
Data Processing Addendum (DPA)
GDPR Information
Scout Experience Standards
The English version of our scout privacy policy is below. You can also find the privacy policy in:
Chinese
,
Italian
,
Japanese
,
Spanish
,
French
,
German
,
Portuguese
and
Korean
.
Scout Terms & Privacy Policy - English
Expand Contract
Download
Scout Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
1.
Terms & Conditions
2.
Privacy Policy
This is an agreement between you and dscout. Please scroll down to read it and our
Scout Privacy Policy
which describes how we use your data.
When you apply for or participate in research Missions, you are giving us (and our customers) ownership of the information you submit. You can’t usually erase those submissions later. You can, however, always erase your basic profile info, opt out of marketing, or close your account. We'll help you if you reach out to us.
You must be 16 (in Europe) or 13 (in the US) to open an account. If you’re under 18 (anywhere in the world), your parent or guardian needs to give you permission.
This Agreement is effective as of September 6, 2024.
Scout Terms and Conditions
Last Updated: May 3, 2024
Thanks for becoming a dscout, Inc (“dscout”) research respondent—a “Scout.”
As used in this Agreement, “you” and “your” refer to you, as a Scout, and “we” or “us” refers to dscout.
Sometimes we update this Agreement. If that update changes material terms, you will be asked to accept the updated Agreement electronically. Please review this Agreement frequently for any changes. Your continued use of the Platform after we post any non- material changes to this Agreement on the Platform means you accept this Agreement, as updated.
IMPORTANT NOTICE: THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDES A WAIVER OF CLASS ACTION RIGHTS. CLICK
HERE
FOR MORE.
What is dscout? dscout provides an online system to conduct in-context, in-the-moment insights (“Platform”). We and other companies or groups (“Researchers”) post opportunities for Scouts to participate in real-world, web- and mobile app-based research projects and surveys (“Missions”). You post profile information which we store. When a Researcher posts an application for a Mission (“Screener”) or a Mission, you can apply, and, if selected, participate. Usually, Scouts are paid an incentive to participate. If you accept a Mission, you are agreeing to perform all obligations specified in that Mission.
Additional Terms between Scouts and Researchers
Certain Missions may be governed by additional terms and requirements created by the Researcher (“Additional Terms”). If so, these terms will be shown to you. If you agree to participate in a Mission subject to additional terms, you agree that you will abide by those terms and requirements. They are supplemental to, and do not replace, this Agreement. In the event of a conflict between any Additional Terms and this Agreement, this Agreement takes precedence, unless we agree in writing otherwise with the Researcher. Any provision in a Researcher’s Additional Terms that conflicts with this Agreement is void, unless we agree in writing otherwise with the Researcher.
Taxes and Reporting
You are solely responsible for satisfying all taxes, and other legal requirements, including those applicable to incentive payments or other compensation you may receive for participating in Missions. In accordance with U.S. tax law, you may be required to provide dscout updated address and social security details. dscout or our partners/service providers may notify the IRS about the compensation you receive from dscout. You will also be notified if that happens.
No Agency
No agency, franchise, partnership, joint venture, or employee-employer relationship is intended or created by this Agreement, either with us or any other party, including any Researcher. You acknowledge and agree that your relationship to us and any Researcher is that of an independent contractor and specifically not that of an employee.
Links to Third Party Sites
You may find links to other sites when you use the Platform. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such sites or resources; or (ii) the content, advertising, or products on or available from such sites or resources. The inclusion of any link on the Platform does not imply that we endorse the linked site. You use the links at your own risk and relieve us from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website.
Scout Profile Information
In order for us to pay you for any Missions or Screener, and in order to qualify you for certain Missions as a Scout, you must provide profile information. This may include photographs, video, and other personal information.
When you use the Platform, you agree to provide true, accurate and complete information, and to update this information to maintain its truthfulness, accuracy and completeness. You cannot register under more than one profile without our permission. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless anyone, including us and Researchers, who may be harmed in any way by the submittal of any untruthful, inaccurate or incomplete information. This indemnification includes the payment of any damages incurred, as well as any costs and attorney’s fees related to enforcing the indemnification and collecting any amounts due. We will collect, use and disclose your information as set forth in our
Scout Privacy Policy
.
Applications and Screener Data
Applying to a Mission does not mean you will be selected to participate. In fact, the application process is often quite competitive, and most applicants aren’t accepted. When submitting a Screener you assign to dscout all right, title, and interest in the data “(Screener Data”) you submit. dscout may retain or transfer those rights to others, including Researchers. You may not know the identity of the
other parties who will see your Screener Data when you submit it. By submitting Screener Data, you agree that dscout may share this data, along with certain elements of your Scout Profile Information to any third party and any Researcher.
Rights in Mission Entries
You assign forever to dscout all right, title and interest to everything you submit to a Mission (“Mission Entries”). dscout may retain or transfer those rights to others, including Researchers. You may not know the identity of the other parties who will see your Mission Entries when you submit it. By submitting Mission Entries, you agree that dscout may share this data, along with certain elements of your Scout Profile Information to any third party and any Researcher. Sometimes, to meet legal requirements or at the request of a Researcher, dscout will divulge to you the name or names of third parties or Researchers with whom your data will be shared. When that occurs, you may notify dscout if you would no longer like to have any data shared with that third party and/or Researcher, and we will delete that data.
CONFIDENTIALITY. YOU AGREE TO KEEP CONFIDENTIAL AND NOT TO DIVULGE TO ANYONE, OTHER THAN AN ATTORNEY OR ACCOUNTANT REPRESENTING YOUR INTERESTS, ANY OF THE SCREENER DATA OR MISSION ENTRIES, INCLUDING THE SUBJECT MATTER RELATED TO ANY MISSION, FOR A PERIOD OF THREE YEARS AFTER SUBMISSION. YOU WILL NOT KEEP A COPY OF ANY SUBMISSION THAT YOU CREATE NEW SPECIFICALLY FOR A SCREENER OR MISSION, ANYWHERE, INCLUDING ON YOUR PHONE.
WE ARE REPEATING THIS PARAGRAPH BECAUSE IT IS SO IMPORTANT
. CONFIDENTIALITY. YOU AGREE TO KEEP CONFIDENTIAL AND NOT TO DIVULGE TO ANYONE, OTHER THAN AN ATTORNEY OR ACCOUNTANT REPRESENTING YOUR INTERESTS, ANY OF THE SCREENER DATA OR MISSION ENTRIES, INCLUDING THE SUBJECT MATTER RELATED TO ANY MISSION, FOR A PERIOD OF THREE YEARS AFTER SUBMISSION. YOU WILL NOT KEEP A COPY OF ANY SUBMISSION THAT YOU CREATE NEW SPECIFICALLY FOR A SCREENER OR MISSION, ANYWHERE, INCLUDING ON YOUR PHONE.
Nothing in this Agreement limits your right to file a charge or complaint with any federal, state or local governmental agency or commission (“Government Agencies”). This Agreement does not limit your ability to communicate with any Government Agencies or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to dscout. This Agreement does not limit your right to receive an award for information provided to any Government Agencies.
Publication of Mission Entries
Some Researchers may publish certain data you submit publicly. You consent to the Researchers’ use of your information that is on the Platform as described in the
Scout Privacy Policy
. You agree you will not receive additional compensation for Researcher’s publication of that data.
Fees
There is no cost to becoming a Scout or in browsing most of the Platform. We may charge fees to Researchers who desire to use Scouts for their Missions.
Payments
dscout reserves the right to not compensate Scouts who fail to perform the Mission requirements in a complete and timely manner. Payment disputes must be brought to dscout’s attention within 90 days of either the Mission close date or the date you received notification that payment is forthcoming.
dscout will not review payment disputes after the 90-day period has lapsed.
Other Researchers
We are not a party to the dealing, contracting and fulfillment of a Mission between a Scout and a Researcher unless dscout is the Researcher. We have no control over and do not guarantee the quality, safety or legality of other Researchers’ Missions, the truth or accuracy of their Mission listings, the qualifications, background, or abilities of Scouts, the ability of other Researchers to pay, or that a Scout or Researcher can or will actually complete a transaction. We are not required to and do not verify any information given to us by Researchers or Scouts, nor do we perform background checks.
Scout Eligibility
To use the Platform, you must be 13 years or older (16 years or older in the European Union). If you are still a minor where you live, you must have your parent or legal guardian read this Agreement and permit you to open an account. If you are a minor, you must also get their permission every time you want to apply or are selected to participate in Screeners or Missions, respectively. By agreeing to these Terms, you promise that you have met these requirements every time.
User Names and Passwords
When you register, you may be asked to choose a username and password. You must protect them. You authorize us to assume that any person using the Platform with your username and password either is you or is authorized to act for you. You agree to notify us immediately if you suspect or become aware of any unauthorized use of your user name or password.
Restrictions on Use
You agree you will not: (a) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper operation of the Platform; (b) bypass any security measures or restrictions, (c) upload invalid data, viruses, worms, spam, or other software agents through or to the Platform; (d) collect or harvest any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Platform; (e) sell, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, publicly perform, prepare derivative works based on, repost or otherwise use the Platform in any way for any public or commercial purpose without our prior written consent; or (f) reverse engineer or attempt to interfere with the operation of any part of the Platform.
Content
You agree not to submit information or data to the Platform that:
is or could be harmful to someone;
is illegal or violates another party’s rights (including confidentiality, privacy or intellectual property rights);
is not accurate or untrue; or
depicts or is about someone else, without their express permission to use their name, likeness or other information about them in your submission.
You must have the rights to post any content that you place on the Platform. To the extent your content contains music or video, you hereby represent you are the owner of all the copyright rights, and have the power to grant the rights to dscout to use that content as described in this Agreement and the
Scout Privacy Policy
.
dscout does not review or edit content that is posted on the Platform, by Scouts or Researchers other than dscout. dscout takes no responsibility for anything you submit, nor anything to which you might be exposed, on the Platform, even if it offensive, inappropriate, or indecent. You agree that dscout will not be liable for any damages you allegedly incur as a result of content on the Platform.
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to reject and/or remove any content from the Platform, in our sole discretion, including for violating this Agreement.
dscout and Researchers only obligations to compensate you for your submissions are described within Missions. You confirm that your submissions to the Platform are not and not intended to be covered by any guild, union, collective bargaining or similar agreement and there will be no residual or any other type of payment due from dscout or any Researcher to you, to any third party, guild, or union, or pursuant to any collective bargaining agreement, in connection with your use of the Platform.
Comments about the Platform
You may send us comments or ideas about the Platform or our business. You agree your disclosure is unsolicited, unrestricted, and that you assign any rights in such comments or ideas to dscout, without payment to you.
Our License to You
Subject to and conditioned on your compliance with this Agreement, we grant you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to (i) access and use the Platform for the purpose of completing Missions and receiving the services available and authorized from the Platform and (ii) install the App solely for the purposes of accessing the Platform. We and our licensors retain all our right, title and interest in and to all patent rights, inventions, copyrights, know-how, and trade secrets relating to the Platform. Our logos and names are trademarks and may be registered in certain jurisdictions. All other product names, company names, marks, logos and symbols on the Platform may be the trademarks of their respective owners. Except as expressly stated above, nothing in this Agreement confers any license under any of our or any third party’s intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise.
Open Source Software
Some open source software may be incorporated into the Platform under a separate license, such as a free software, open source, or other license. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and any such separate license, the separate license will prevail with respect to such open source software.
Copyright Complaints
We respect the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please see dscout’s
Copyright Infringement Policy.
Other License Terms for Apple or iOS Devices
The following terms apply when you use dscout’s mobile app (“App”) for iOS devices (the “iOS Application”). You agree that Apple Inc. (“Apple”) is not responsible in any way for the iOS Application, including without limitation for any maintenance or support for the iOS Application, and is not a party to this Agreement, which is between you and dscout only. You and dscout acknowledge that Apple and its subsidiaries are, however, third party beneficiaries of this Agreement and will have the right to enforce this Agreement against you
as third-party beneficiaries. This Agreement is concluded between dscout and you only, and not Apple. dscout, and not Apple, is solely responsible for the iOS Application and its content.
Limited License. If you are using a compatible iOS-capable device, dscout hereby grants to you a non-transferable, worldwide, non-exclusive, limited license to download, install and/or use the object code version of the iOS Application solely on that device. All rights not expressly granted in this Agreement are reserved by dscout and its licensors.
Developer Contact Information. dscout is the developer of this iOS Application. dscout is located at 222 N LaSalle St., Suite 650, Chicago, IL 60601. Questions, complaints or claims with respect to the iOS Application should be directed to:
info@dscout.com.
You acknowledge that Apple is not obligated to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the iOS Application. Apple is not responsible for any claims relating to the iOS Application, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the iOS Application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection, privacy, or similar legislation.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, APPLE WILL HAVE NO WARRANTY OBLIGATION WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE iOS APPLICATION, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WITH RESPECT TO PRODUCT LIABILITY CLAIMS, CLAIMS THAT THE iOS APPLICATION FAILS TO CONFORM TO ANY APPLICABLE LEGAL OR REGULATORY REQUIREMENT, AND/OR CLAIMS ARISING UNDER CONSUMER PROTECTION OR SIMILAR LEGISLATION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS MAY NOT APPLY OR MAY BE LIMITED.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY CLAIMS – APPLE DISCLAIMER. YOU AND DSCOUT ACKNOWLEDGE THAT IN NO EVENT WILL APPLE BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INVESTIGATION, DEFENSE, SETTLEMENT OR DISCHARGE OF ANY CLAIM THAT THE iOS APPLICATION INFRINGES ON A THIRD PARTY’S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
Contacting Apple. In the event of a failure of the iOS Application to conform to any applicable warranty set forth herein, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund any purchase price for the iOS Application.
Export Restrictions
You acknowledge that dscout is subject to U.S. export control laws and regulations. You represent that you are not a citizen of an embargoed or sanctioned country nor are you a prohibited or restricted end user under applicable U.S. export laws, regulations and lists. You will not use, export or allow a third party to use or export the Platform in any manner that would violate applicable law, including but not limited to applicable export control laws and regulations. You further agree to comply with U.S. export laws concerning the transmission of technical data and other regulated materials via the Platform.
Resolution of Disputes
dscout’s goal is to resolve any dispute between you and dscout quickly and cost-effectively. Accordingly, you and we agree that we will resolve any problem that arises in accordance with this section. Before resorting to these alternatives, you agree to first contact us directly to try to resolve the problem.
Law and Forum for Disputes. This Agreement is governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Illinois without giving effect to any principle that may provide for the application of the law of another jurisdiction including conflicts of law provisions. Except as stated below, you agree that any claim you may have against us must be resolved by a court located in Cook County, Illinois. You agree to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Cook County, Illinois for the purpose of litigating any claims between you and dscout. Any cause of action you may have with respect to the Platform must be commenced within 180 days after it arises, or the cause of action is barred.
Arbitration Option. For any claim arising between you and us (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) where the total amount of the award sought is less than $10,000, either you or dscout may elect to resolve the dispute in a cost-effective manner through binding non-appearance-based arbitration. A party electing arbitration must initiate the arbitration through an established alternative dispute resolution (“ADR”) provider mutually agreed upon by the parties. The ADR provider and the parties must comply with the following rules: (a) the ADR provider will specify whether the arbitration will be conducted by telephone, online, or solely based on written submissions; (b) the arbitration will not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties; and (c) if an arbitrator renders an award the party receiving the award has the right to enter any judgment on the award in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Improperly Filed Claims. Should you file a claim contrary to this section entitled “Resolution of Disputes,” we will be entitled to recover attorneys’ fees and costs, provided that we have notified you in accordance with this Agreement of the improperly filed claim, and you have failed to promptly withdraw the claim.
Waiver of Jury Trial. If a claim proceeds in court, dscout and you each waive any right to a jury trial.
Class Action Waiver
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY – IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS.
dscout and you agree that
dscout and you will resolve any claims on an individual basis, and that any claims brought under this Agreement or in connection with the Platform will be brought in an individual capacity, and not on behalf of, or as part of, any purported class, consolidated, or representative proceeding. dscout and you further agree that dscout and you will not participate in any consolidated, class, or representative proceeding (existing or future) brought by any third party arising under this Agreement or in connection with the Platform. If any court or arbitrator determines that the class action waiver set forth in this paragraph is void or unenforceable for any reason or that a lawsuit can proceed on a class basis, then the claims must be litigated in federal court located in Cook County, Illinois.
Term; Termination and Suspension; Survival
This Agreement will become effective when you accept it electronically, and will continue until your account is terminated by you or us. Also, either party may terminate this Agreement by notifying the other party.
We may issue a warning, or temporarily suspend, indefinitely suspend or terminate your account or participation on a Mission, for any reason, including if: (a) you breach any terms and conditions of this Agreement or the information incorporated herein by reference, including our written policies and procedures posted on the Platform or linked here; (b) we suspect or become aware that you have provided false or misleading information to us; (c) we believe in our sole discretion that your actions may cause legal liability for you, dscout or other Platform users or are contrary to the interests of the Platform; or (d) you breach the letter or spirit of any Researcher terms and conditions for a Mission in which you participate. Once indefinitely suspended or terminated, you may not continue to use the Platform. In addition, violations of this Agreement may be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law and may result in additional penalties and sanctions.
When your account is terminated for any reason, you may no longer have access to data, messages, files and other material you placed on Platform. That material may be deleted by dscout. Even after this Agreement is terminated, any provisions of this Agreement, which by their express language or by their context are intended to survive the termination of this Agreement (including without limitation, provisions governing indemnification, limitations on liability, disclaimers of warranty, ownership of intellectual property and data), will survive such termination.
Warranty disclaimer
The Platform and all content on the Platform are provided “as is,” as available, and without any warranties or conditions (express or implied, including the implied warranties of merchantability, accuracy, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, arising by statute or otherwise in law or from a course of dealing or usage or trade). Some states and jurisdictions do not allow for all the foregoing limitations on implied warranties, so to that extent, if any, some or all of the above limitations may not apply to you.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT SHALL DSCOUT OR RESEARCHERS WHO OFFER MISSIONS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES OF ANY TYPE OR KIND (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS) ARISING UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF DSCOUT OR A RESEARCHER HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR DAMAGES OR SUCH LOSSES OR DAMAGES WERE OTHERWISE FORESEEABLE. THIS INCLUDES, BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO, NOT BEING LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES RELATED TO UPLOADING, DOWNLOADING OR RUNNING MOBILE OR OTHER APPLICATIONS, INCLUDING POOR PERFORMANCE ISSUES, “CRASHES” IN OPERATING SYSTEMS, INTERRUPTION OR DENIAL OF SERVICE, LOSS OF DATA, OR ANY OTHER ADVERSE EFFECT TO YOU AS A RESULT OF USING THE PLATFORM OTHER THAN THAT WHICH IS DUE TO OUR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE. IN ANY CASE, THE TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF DSCOUT OR AN APPLICABLE RESEARCHER TO YOU, A SCOUT, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY USE OF THE PLATFORM SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF (A) TOTAL COMPENSATION PAID TO YOU OVER THE PREVIOUS TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE DATE WHEN THE CLAIM AROSE OR (B) $100. SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR ALL THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF DIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO TO THAT EXTENT, IF ANY, SOME OR ALL OF THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY DESCRIBED ABOVE SHALL APPLY FULLY TO RESIDENTS OF NEW JERSEY. IF ANY PORTION OF THIS SECTION IS HELD TO BE INVALID UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY, THE INVALIDITY OF SUCH PORTION SHALL NOT AFFECT THE VALIDITY OF THE REMAINING PORTIONS OF THE APPLICABLE SECTIONS. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE §1542, WHICH STATES: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, AND THAT IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY.”
Indemnity
You agree to defend, hold harmless and indemnify dscout, its affiliates and their respective partners, employees and agents and, as applicable, Researchers from and against any and all losses, costs, expenses, damages or other liabilities, including attorneys’ fees, arising from a third party against any of those indemnified parties related to: (a) your use of the Platform; (b) any breach of contract or other claims made by Researchers with which you conducted business through the Platform; (c) your breach of any provision of this Agreement or a Researcher’s Additional Terms; (d) any liability arising from the tax treatment of payments or any portion thereof; or (e) bodily injury or death of any person or damage or destruction to real and/or tangible personal property, to the extent directly, indirectly or proximately caused by your poor judgment, illegal acts or negligent or willful acts or omissions. Any such indemnification will be conditioned on our: (i) notifying you in writing of any such claim, demand, action, cost, liability, loss or threat of any thereof; (ii) cooperating with you in the defense or settlement thereof; and (iii) allowing you to control such defense or settlement. We will be entitled to participate in such defense through our own counsel at our own cost and expense. We reserve the right to report any wrongdoing of which we become aware to the applicable government agencies or otherwise.
Communications from dscout to You
We will communicate with you by email or by posting communications on the Platform. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. You will be considered to have received a communication when we send it to the email address you have provided to
dscout, or when we post such communication on the Platform. You must keep your email address updated on the Platform, and you must regularly check the Platform for postings. If you fail to respond to an email message from dscout regarding a violation, dispute or complaint within two business days, we have the right to terminate or suspend your Missions or your account.
Communications from You to dscout
All notices to dscout intended to have a legal effect concerning this Agreement or the Platform must be in writing and delivered either in person or by a means evidenced by a delivery receipt, to the following address:
dscout, Inc.
222 N LaSalle St., Suite 650
Chicago, IL 60601 Attn: President
Notices to dscout are deemed effective upon receipt.
Miscellaneous Terms and Conditions
We will not be considered to have modified or waived any of our rights or remedies under this Agreement unless the modification or waiver is in writing and signed by an authorized representative. No delay or omission by dscout in exercising rights or remedies will impair any rights or be construed as a waiver.
You will not transfer, assign or delegate your rights or obligations (including your account) under this Agreement to anyone without our express written permission. We may assign this Agreement in our sole discretion.
This Agreement, together with any other legal notices and agreements published via the Platform, will constitute the entire agreement between you and dscout concerning the Platform. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect.
The Platform is controlled and operated from its facilities in the United States. We make no representations that the Platform is appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access or use the Platform from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are entirely responsible for compliance with all applicable United States and local laws and regulations, including but not limited to export and import regulations. You may not use or access the Platform if you are located or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government currently is, the target of sanctions, embargoes or trade restrictions imposed by any U.S. government authority, or you are a foreign person currently included on the List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or the Foreign Sanctions Evaders List maintained by the U.S. Treasury Department’s OFAC.
Neither you nor dscout will be responsible for the failure to perform or any delay in performance of any obligation in this Agreement due to any conditions beyond the reasonable control of such party. The time for performance will be extended by the period of such delay.
The boldface paragraph headings in this Agreement are included for ease of reference only and have no binding effect. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements between the parties regarding the subject matter contained herein.
Researchers are intended third party beneficiaries of this Agreement as it pertains to your obligations under this Agreement, and will have the right to enforce this Agreement directly against you in their own names or jointly with dscout.
Information or Complaints
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users of the Platform are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: If you
have a question or complaint regarding the Platform, please send an e-mail to the e-mail address listed below. California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N112, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
dscout, Inc.
222 N LaSalle St., Suite 650
Chicago, IL 60601 Attn: President
(312) 880-9715
info@dscout.com
Scout Privacy Policy
Last Updated: September 6, 2024
dscout, Inc. (“dscout,” “Company,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) is an online venue where dscout and other companies or groups (each a “Researcher”) post opportunities for individuals (each a “Scout” or “you”) to participate in online and mobile application-based research projects and surveys (collectively, “Missions”).
You understand that your Personal Data, including any data you provide, is processed by dscout in countries including the United States, which may have different data protection standards if you reside in another country.
As used in this Privacy Policy, “you” and “your” refer to you, as a Scout.
Introduction
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, disclose and transfer information from you collected through the dscout mobile application (the “App”), the dscout website located at
www.dscout.com
and any other website, widget, mobile application or other service that links to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Platform”) or when you participate in a Screener or Mission (each, as defined below). This Privacy Policy does not cover any information collected at any other web site or application (unless specifically stated) or information collected from Researchers or visitors to
www.dscout.com
, which are governed by the dscout.com Researcher & Visitor Privacy Policy. Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. If you, as a Scout, do not agree, you should not use or register on the Platform.
PLEASE NOTE: THE APP WILL ALLOW DSCOUT TO COLLECT AND USE YOUR DEVICE’S PRECISE LOCATION INFORMATION. This includes GPS-based, Wifi-based and cell tower-based location information.
Table of Contents
1. What Information Do We Collect and From What Sources Do We Collect It?
2. How Do We Use the Information Collected?
3. How and When Do We Disclose Information to Third Parties?
4. Legal Basis for Use of Your Information
5. Rights and Choices
6. Additional Notice to California Residents
7. EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
8. Information Relating to Children Under the Age of 13
9. How Information Is Protected
10. Retention of Your Information by dscout
11. Changes to This Privacy Policy
12. Contact Us
1. What Information Do We Collect and From What Sources Do We Collect It?
Required Registration Information
You may be asked to create an account in order to access the Platform. An account may require you to provide at least an email address, first name, last name, birthdate, and password (“Account Information”).
Scout Profile Information
You have the option to add additional profile information to your account. This optional profile information includes, but is not limited to: gender, country of residence, zip code, a profile picture, address, household information, education information, racial or ethnic origin, sexual orientation, religion, income, and employment status, industry and job title. We may also infer data about you from your Mission Entries, or from third party sources, and append that data to your Scout Profile. Optional information that you choose to provide may be considered Sensitive Data. “Sensitive Data” means information specifying medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic groups, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union memberships or information specifying the sex life of an individual. We process this information in accordance with applicable legal requirements. While it is optional to provide this additional profile information, it helps dscout and Researchers identify you for possible Missions, and therefore helps you have the best possible experience on the Platform. You may update, change or delete the additional profile information you provide through the App at any time. If you need help, you may contact
privacy@dscout.com
and we will help you. The information described above is called “Scout Profile Information.” By creating an account or posting this additional profile information, you understand and acknowledge that dscout and Researchers will be able to view and use Scout Profile Information as outlined in this Privacy Policy, which may allow Researchers to identify you.
Social Media Information
If you choose to register on the Platform via a third-party service with which you have an account, like Facebook, we collect information from your third-party account depending on your settings, such as name, email address, profile picture, list of friends, people you follow, likes, work and education history, current city or other third-party account information. dscout does not control third-party services’ practices regarding the information they collect about you; you should read their policies to learn how they treat your personal information.
Information Provided by You in Response to Missions and Screeners
If you participate in a Mission, we or the Researcher will ask you to submit information, which may include live or prerecorded videos, photos, screenshots, reviews, interviews, or answers to survey questions (collectively, “Mission Entries”). Similarly, we sometimes send surveys (“Screeners”) to prospective Scouts for potential Missions that request additional information (“Screener Data”). You may or not be compensated for submitting Screener Data.
Participating in any Mission or Screener is optional. However, when you submit any Mission Entries or Screener Data, you understand and are allowing dscout and the applicable Researcher to use such information as described in this Privacy Policy, including for the Researcher’s own business purposes.
Screen Recording Special Warning
If you are required to record your screen as part of a Mission, we recommend you either begin recording after entering passwords or sensitive information into the site or app or change that information temporarily, before starting the recording session. Change it again after you complete the recording session.
Information We Automatically Collect as You Access and Use the Platform
We and our service providers use a variety of technologies that automatically (or passively) collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the Platform (“Usage Information”). Usage Information includes your browser type, the URL that referred you to the Platform, the areas within the Platform that you visit, and the time of day, among other information. We also collect IP address or other unique identifiers (“Device Identifier”), operating system and version, device type and carrier, if applicable, of the computer or other device (a “Device”). With your permission, we and our service providers collect and use precise location data, cellphone movement sensor data, or information about the websites or apps you visit. A few of the methods that we use to collect Usage Information, include, without limitation, the following (and subsequent technology and methods hereafter developed).
Cookies and Beacons
A cookie is a data file placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Platform. A Flash cookie is a data file placed on a Device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your Device. Web beacons consist of a small string of software code on your browser that works with cookies to monitor usage. Cookies, Flash cookies and beacons may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, remembering you and your preferences, tracking your visits to the Platform and personalizing your experiences with the Platform. If you choose to disable cookies, Flash cookies or beacons on your Device, some features of the Platform may not function properly. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. To manage Flash cookies, please click
here.
Embedded Scripts
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Platform, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Platform, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
Information Third Parties Provide About You
We may supplement the information we collect about you through the Platform with information from third parties, like companies that track your location or web surfing activity, including Researchers, in order to tailor our content for you and to offer you research and survey opportunities that we believe may be of interest.
Information You Provide About a Third Party
If you send someone else a communication from the Platform or about the Platform, such as sending an invitation to a friend, the information you provide (names, e-mail addresses, etc.) is used to facilitate the communication and is not used for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from that person or we explicitly say otherwise. Please be aware that when you use any send-to-a-friend functionality on our App, your e-mail address may be included in the communication sent to your friend.
Payment and Tax Information
We collect PayPal or analogous account information in order to compensate you for Missions or Screeners. Scouts whose earning exceed certain amounts may be required to provide updated address and social security details to allow dscout, Paypal, or similar parties to send you certain tax documentation.
2. How Do We Use the Information Collected?
We may use your information:
to provide you with information or access to the Platform;
to process transactions or payments that you have requested or agreed to receive;
to process your registration on the Platform, including verifying your information;
to establish and conduct Missions on behalf of Researchers or dscout, or Missions by Researchers, including to:
provide Researchers with Mission Entries, certain Scout Profile Information, and certain Screener Data for Researchers to use for their own business purposes, pursuant to our contract with you (the Scout Terms and Conditions);
to search for you, determine if you qualify for, and contact you about participating in Screeners, Missions, or data collection to build your Scout Profile;
to analyze and synthesize research findings from Screener Data or Mission Entries within a Mission;
to analyze, enhance or improve the Platform;
to customize your experience on the Platform, or to provide you specific content that is most relevant to you;
to contact you (such as via email) with regard to your Platform access and, in our discretion, changes to the Platform and/or the Platform’s policies;
to send offers and promotional materials related to the Platform and for other dscout marketing purposes;
for dscout’s advertising, marketing, publicity and promotional activities;
to transcribe interviews and/or videos;
for internal business purposes;
for other purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information;
to comply with any procedures, laws and regulations which apply to us, to comply with our legal obligations or, otherwise, where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others;
for security and fraud detection purposes, including by detecting, protecting against, and prosecuting security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity, or
to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others.
We reserve the right to create and use anonymous information—information that cannot reasonably identify you or your device or as otherwise defined by applicable law—for any purpose and to disclose such information to third parties in our sole discretion.
3. How and When Do We Disclose Information to Third Parties?
Researchers
When you participate in and are subsequently compensated for participating in Missions, you agree to assign all right, title, and interest in all your Mission Entries and related Screener Data, and certain Scout Profile Information, to dscout and the applicable Researcher, and all such information belongs to dscout and/or the applicable Researcher. You expressly consent to dscout sharing certain Scout Profile Information, Screener Data and Mission Entries with a Researcher, including any applicable Sensitive Data that you include in your Scout Profile Information. Researchers may be located in jurisdictions, including the United States, with different data protection standards than where you reside. As a Scout, you can withdraw or modify your consent to our future collection, sharing and processing of your Scout Profile Information at any time, by changing your account settings or your profile or by deactivating your account, subject to the restrictions described herein.
We disclose certain Scout Profile Information, certain Screener Data, and all Mission Entries to the applicable Researcher or Researchers for the Mission. dscout grants Researchers unlimited rights to use Mission Entries and the disclosed Screener Data and disclosed Scout Profile Information for Scouts applying for and/or participating in Missions for any business purposes (including research and marketing purposes), subject to applicable legal requirements and any restrictions set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Typically dscout does not disclose your full name, email address or home address to Researchers, but dscout will disclose your email address or home address to a Researcher if you participate in a Mission that requires the Researcher to e-mail you or mail you a product or other item to complete the Mission.
Service Providers
We may use service providers to perform certain services on our behalf, such as hosting the Platform, designing and/or operating the App’s features, tracking App or website analytics, collecting mobile sensor data, and enabling dscout to send you information about participating in research studies. We may provide these vendors with access to certain of your information to carry out the services they are performing for us. Our service providers are not permitted to use your information other than for performing services for dscout.
Advertising Partners
We may disclose your information to third party advertising networks or others in order to tailor and serve advertisements regarding our services to you.
Administrative and Legal Reasons
We may access, use, preserve, transfer and disclose your information including disclosure to third parties: (i) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, governmental requests or legal process if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by law, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; (ii) to protect and/or defend our agreements with our users and our policies, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (iii) to protect the safety, rights, property or security of the Platform, dscout or any third party; and/or (iv) to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues. Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you.
Business Transfer
We may disclose your information to our parent, subsidiaries and affiliates for internal reasons. We also reserve the right to disclose and transfer all such information: (i) to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of the Platform or applicable database; or (ii) in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our equity and/or assets or other corporate change, including, during the course of any due diligence process.
User Generated Content
The Platform may permit you to submit ideas, photographs, videos, writings, pictures, data, questions, comments, suggestions or other feedback in a forum available to the public. This information will become publicly available. dscout is not responsible for the use or misuse of any such content.
With Your Consent
We disclose your information to third parties for any other purpose disclosed by us at the time you provide the information. If you consent to receiving information and/or marketing offers directly from third parties, your information will be disclosed to such third parties and subject to their privacy policies. You will need to contact any such third parties directly to opt out of communications from them.
4. Legal Basis for Use of Your Information
The legal basis for using your information as set out in this Privacy Policy is as follows:
As necessary to perform our obligations under our contract with you, such as to comply with the Scout Terms and Conditions between you and dscout and to provide data to Researchers;
On the basis of implied or express consent, such as to process certain of your information or to send you certain information, including certain marketing communications; and/or
For our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others, for example, to inform you about Missions for which you might qualify, to ensure the security of our websites, operate our business and our websites, respond to your questions, engage in certain marketing, make and receive payments, prevent fraud, conduct analysis, improve our platform or services, enforce our legal terms, engage in a business change (e.g., sale, merger), and create anonymized data.
5. Rights and Choices
Accessing, Correcting and Deleting Account and Scout Profile Information
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the Account Information and Scout Profile Information you submit to us. Except as described herein, the Platform will allow you to directly review, correct, update or remove your Account Information and Scout Profile Information at any time. For automatically collected information, you also can exercise certain opt-out rights by following the instructions above or by contacting us as set forth in “
Contact Us
” below.
Marketing Communications
You can unsubscribe from marketing emails we send to you by clicking the “unsubscribe” link they contain. Please note that even though you may opt-out of receiving marketing-related communications from us, we may still send you transactional or administrative messages.
Deactivating Your Account
You may deactivate your account by contacting dscout and requesting that your account be deactivated. See “
Contact Us”
below in this Privacy Policy. If you deactivate your account, your Account Information and Scout Profile Information, and your PayPal account information (as applicable) will generally be deleted within 30 days or within the time required by applicable law. However, we may retain your certain information even after you have deactivated your account if retention is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including requests from law enforcement), to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy or our Terms, our other legal agreements with users, Researchers or Scouts.
Legal Rights
Your local laws (including those in the EEA, UK, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, or Utah) may permit you to exercise certain rights with respect to the information we collect from and about you.  Please note your rights and choices vary depending upon your location. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law, such as information subject to our contract with you, including with respect to Mission Entries, or for our legal obligations. We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity and verify your request before responding to your request as required or permitted by applicable law. In some circumstances, if you still ask us to delete your information, you may no longer be able to access or use our Platform or participate in Missions.
Depending on your location, you (or an authorized agent acting on your behalf) may make certain requests related to your personal information, including that we:
Inform you about the categories of personal information we collect or disclose about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we share/disclose personal information. Such information is also set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Provide access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you.
Correct certain personal information we have about you.
Restrict or object to certain processing of personal information.
Delete certain personal information we have about you.
Applicable law may provide you with the right not to be discriminated for exercising your rights.
You may update, correct, or remove your Scout Profile Information through your account. If you would like further information regarding your legal rights under applicable law or would like to exercise any of them, you may contact us by email at privacy@dscout.com. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity.
Authorized agents for California, Colorado, and Connecticut residents may submit requests to
privacy@dscout.com
. We may require proof of the written authorization you have been given.
You may appeal the denial of a request here: privacy@dscout.com. We will respond within the legally required time period, including a written explanation of the results of your appeal.
Online Targeted Advertising Privacy Choices
To advertise the dscout services on other sites or platforms, we may allow third party advertising vendors to process certain browsing data from our website along with cookies, IP address or device identifiers or we may use hashed email address or contact information for such purposes. Residents of certain states may opt out of this activity which may be considered a “sale” of their personal information or sharing or processing of their personal information for targeted advertising. Please note, we do not use Screener Data, Mission Entries or Scout Profile Information (other than contact information) for this purpose.
If you (or, if applicable under law, your authorized agent) would like to opt out of our sale of sharing or processing of their personal information of your information for such purposes, you may do so as outlined at the following page for our website: Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
You may still receive advertising, it just may not be tailored to your interests. Please note, if you use different browsers, devices, or services, you will need to opt out on each browser or device where you want the choice to apply. In some cases, you may also be presented with form field to complete in those cases where we will ask for your email address or other information so we may add it to an appropriate suppression list.
Please note that if you have a legally recognized browser-based opt out preference signal turned on via your device browser (such as Global Privacy Control), we recognize such preference in accordance and to the extent required by applicable law.
We also use Scout email address to contact you about Mission opportunities as described herein—you can opt out of those emails by clicking the “unsubscribe” link they contain. Please note that even though you may opt-out of receiving communications about Mission opportunities from us, we may still send you transactional or administrative messages.
International Users
Individuals in the European Union, the United Kingdom, and some other jurisdictions outside the United States have certain legal rights to obtain confirmation of whether we hold personal data about them, to access personal data we hold about them (including, in some cases, in portable form), and to obtain its correction, update, amendment or deletion in certain circumstances. They may also object to our uses or disclosures of personal data or exercise legal rights to withdraw consent, though such actions typically will not have retroactive effect. dscout will make every effort to respond to your request within the time period required by applicable law, usually within 30 days. Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, such as if we need to keep processing your information to perform our contractual obligations, including with respect to Mission Entries, or for our legitimate interests. To exercise any of the above rights (or any other rights under applicable law), please see “
Contact Us
” below in this Privacy Policy.
The rights described here are subject to limitations and exceptions under applicable law. In situations in which we process personal data on behalf of our customer, such as a Researcher, we may refer the request to the relevant customer and cooperate with their handling of the request, subject to any special contractual arrangement with that customer.
In addition to the rights above, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority. However, we encourage you to contact us first, and we will do our very best to resolve your concern.
6. Additional Notice to California Residents
If you are a California resident, California law requires us to provide you with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and disclose your “personal information” (as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)).
Throughout this Privacy Policy, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of information we collect from and about Scouts and discuss how we use and disclose such information. The following are the “categories” of personal information under the CCPA that we collect and that we may, as discussed throughout this Privacy Policy, use and disclose for our business purposes. We may use all the categories of personal information set forth below for operation (including technical functionality) of the Platform, internal research, advertising, security and fraud detection purposes, and legal compliance or for any purpose with your consent. See Section 2: “How Do We Use the Information Collected”. We may disclose all the categories of personal information set forth below to our service providers and with entities, such as government entities, as required by applicable law—see Section 3: “How and When Do We Disclose Information to Third Parties” for more information.
Category of Personal Information (see “What Information Do We Collect and From What Sources Do We Collect It” for more detail)
Use (see “How Do We Use the Information Collected” for more detail)
Disclosed to (see “How and When Do We Disclose Information to Third Parties” for more detail)
Identifiers (such as name and email address)
Manage your account and our internal operations
Provide and improve our Platform
Communicate with you, including, but not limited to, about dscout and Missions
Your first name and the first initial of your last name is disclosed to Researchers
Email or home address is disclosed to Researchers in limited circumstances if they need to email you or mail you a product for a Mission
Our service providers
Advertising partners to advertise our services
Demographic and statistical information you provide to build your profile such as your age, date of birth, gender, interests, lifestyle information, and hobbies
Provide and improve our Platform, including but not limited to conducting research and building your profile;
Invite you to certain Missions;
Make inferences to build your profile so that you can be invited to certain Missions
Researchers
Our service providers
Commercial information (such as transaction data)
Manage your account and our internal operations
Provide and improve our Platform
Our service providers
Financial data such as PayPal or, if applicable, tax information
Manage your account and our internal operations, including to ensure you are paid, as applicable
Provide and improve our Platform
Manage your payment history
Our service providers
Third party payment processors, including PayPal; if required, tax authorities
Internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage)
Provide and improve our Platform;
Ensure Platform functionality/reliability;
Communicate with you about your data
Researchers
Our service providers
Advertising partners to advertise our services
Health or medical information (only if you choose to provide it)
Provide and improve our Platform, including but not limited to conducting research;
Managing and building your profile so that you can be invited to certain healthcare-related Missions
Researchers
Our service providers
Device information and identifiers (such as IP address; browser type and language; operating system; platform type; device type; software and hardware attributes; and unique device identifiers)
Provide and improve our Platform;
Ensure Platform functionality/reliability
Our service providers
Advertising partners to advertise our services
General location and precise geolocation (with your consent) data
Provide and improve our Platform, including but not limited to conducting research
Invite you to certain Missions
Researchers
Our service providers
User-generated content
that you submit through the Platform
Provide and improve our Platform, including but not limited to conducting research and building your profile
Researchers
Our service providers
Characteristics of potentially protected classifications, to the degree that you choose to provide them (such as gender and marital status)
Provide and improve our Platform, including but not limited to conducting research and building your profile
Invite you to certain Missions
Researchers
Our service providers
Audio or visual information (e.g., if you participate in a video Mission or audio recording)
Provide and improve our Platform, including but not limited to conducting research and building your profile
Invite you to certain Missions
Make inferences to build your profile so that you can be invited to certain Missions
Researchers
Our service providers
Physical characteristics (e.g., if you voluntarily submit a photo);
Provide and improve our Platform, including but not limited to conducting research and building your profile
Invite you to certain Missions
Make inferences to build your profile so that you can be invited to certain Missions
Researchers
Our service providers
Professional, employment, educational, or other similar data
Provide and improve our Platform, including but not limited to conducting research and building your profile
Invite you to certain Missions
Researchers
Our service providers
Do Not Sell or Share Personal Information for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
California residents may opt out of the “sale” of their personal information and the sharing of their personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising (aka targeted advertising).
We may “sell” or share (and over the past 12 months may have shared) the following categories of information for such advertising in order to promote our Platform and services to you with advertising networks or allow such third parties to collect information including: device information and identifiers, such as IP address, and unique advertising identifiers and cookies; connection and usage information, such as site browsing history; geolocation information, such as city; and inference data.
In addition, we may provide some of your information, including contact information or identifiers in a way that constitutes a sale to third parties or sharing or processing of personal information for targeted advertising of our Platform and services to you. Please note we do not use other Scout Profile Information, Mission Entries or Screener Data for these purposes.
If you (or, if applicable under law, your authorized agent) would like to opt out of our sale of sharing or processing of their personal information of your information for such purposes, you may do so as outlined at the following page for our website: Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
You may still receive advertising, including ads based on data collected by dscout on the Platform. Please note, if you use different browsers or devices you will need to make your choices on each browser or device you want your choice to apply.
As set forth above, we disclose certain personal information to Researchers when you choose to participate in Missions. This participation is excepted from the opt out requirements under applicable law.
Financial Incentives
dscout’s provides certain rewards, discounts, products, compensation, or other incentives for scouts to participate in Missions (and in some instances in Screeners), which involve the provision of personal information by scouts to dscout and to Researchers. When you participate in a Mission, you agree to the terms of that Mission (e.g., number of diary submissions). The specific incentive offered is made available to you when you decide to participate in a Mission and varies depending on the Mission. Participation in Missions and Screeners is completely voluntary. If you decide you don’t want to participate, you can refrain from submitting responses to a Mission, and/or you can close your dscout account.
Data Retention
We retain your information as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collect it, unless a longer retention is required or permitted by law. We consider the nature and sensitivity of the information, the purposes for which we process the information, applicable legal requirements, and our legitimate interests in determining how long to retain information. Different processing purposes may dictate different retention periods for the same types of information.
Shine the Light Disclosure: Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits those who access the Platform who are California residents to request and obtain from us a list of what Personal Information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. We do not provide your personal information (as defined by 1798.83) to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
7. EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
dscout and its affiliate Panelfox LLC (together, "dscout") is based in and operates in the United States, which is where we process Personal Data and where there may be different data protection standards; dscout undertakes methods to transfer Personal Data as required by applicable law.
dscout complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. dscout has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. dscout has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, dscout commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact dscout at:
Privacy Coordinator
dscout, Inc.
222 N LaSalle St., Suite 650
Chicago, IL 60601
Attn: Privacy Coordinator
privacy@dscout.com
In compliance with the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, dscout commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of human resources data received in reliance on and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF in the context of the employment relationship.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, dscout commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to the International Center for Dispute Resolution, the international division of the American Arbitration Association, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.htm... for more information or to file a complaint. The services of the International Center for Dispute Resolution are provided at no cost to you. If neither dscout nor the alternative dispute resolution provider resolves your complaint, you may pursue binding arbitration through the Data Privacy Framework Panel by visiting www.dataprivacyframework.gov.
We are accountable for our transfer of EU Personal Data to third parties, as described in the DPF Principles. In particular, we remain responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if our third party agents who engage in processing of EU Personal Data on our behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
dscout is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. If applicable, you may make a complaint to the data protection supervisory authority in the country where you are based. Alternatively, you may seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have been breached.
8. Information Relating to Children Under the Age of 13
The Platform is not intended for use by children under 13 years of age (or in the EU, children under 16 years of age, or other ages of consent in other jurisdictions). No one under the age of consent specific to that jurisdiction may open an account, and entering a false birthdate is a violation of dscout’s Scout Terms and Conditions. We do not knowingly process data of EU residents under the age of 16 without parental consent. If we learn that we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under 13 or Personal Data from a child in the EU under the age of 16 without parent or guardian consent, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information. If you believe that we might have any Personal Information from or about a child under 13 or Personal Data from a child in the EU under the age of 16, please contact us as provided in the “
Contact Us
” section below.
9. How Information Is Protected
Your dscout account will be secured by user-created passwords, in which case reasonable precautions are taken to ensure that your Account Information or Scout Profile Information is kept private. You are responsible for keeping your passwords confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
We implement physical, technical, and administrative measures to protect your information stored within our databases, and we restrict access to such information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer service personnel and technical staff.
Despite these efforts, please note that we cannot 100% ensure or guarantee the security of your information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors could compromise the security of your Information. As such, you acknowledge and accept that we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to the Platform and that any such transmission is at your own risk.
10. Retention of Your Information by dscout
We keep your information as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it is processed. The length of time depends on the purposes for which we collected and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws.
11. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will provide notice to you on the Platform or by some other means, such as e-mail. Please review the changes carefully. If you agree to the changes, simply continue to use the Platform. If you object to any of the changes and no longer wish to use the Platform, you may deactivate your account. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information we have about you or your account. Using the Platform after a notice of changes has been communicated to you or published on the Platform will constitute consent to the changed terms or practices.
12. Contact Us
If you have any questions about: (a) access to your information; (b) the collection, use, management or disclosure of your information; or (c) this Privacy Policy, you should contact us by mail or e-mail as follows:
Privacy Coordinator
dscout, Inc.
222 N LaSalle St., Suite 650
Chicago, IL 60601
privacy@dscout.com
I understand and agree to Scout Terms & Privacy Policy - English
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://dscout.com/legal/privacy-data-requests:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising purposes.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Cookie Policy
Storage Preferences
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
dscout
Skip to content
Privacy Data Requests
Master Access Agreement
Master Access Agreement (UK)
Researcher & Visitor Privacy Policy
Scout Terms and Conditions
Scout Privacy Policy
Copyright Infringement Policy
Cookie Declaration
Data Processing Addendum (DPA)
GDPR Information
Scout Experience Standards
Privacy Data Requests
Request Type
*
Please Select
Access Request
Correction Request
Deletion Request
Submitting Request For
*
Please Select
Myself
Someone Else
First name
*
Last name
*
I am a
*
Please Select
Scout
Researcher
Other
Email
*
Message
*
Sub-policy 1
https://dscout.com/legal/researcher-visitor-privacy-policy:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising purposes.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Cookie Policy
Storage Preferences
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
dscout
Skip to content
Privacy Data Requests
Master Access Agreement
Master Access Agreement (UK)
Researcher & Visitor Privacy Policy
Scout Terms and Conditions
Scout Privacy Policy
Copyright Infringement Policy
Cookie Declaration
Data Processing Addendum (DPA)
GDPR Information
Scout Experience Standards
Researcher & Visitor Privacy Policy
For information about dscout's compliance with GDPR and other steps we take to ensure data security and privacy, visit
this page in our Help Center
.
Last Updated: December 11, 2023
dscout, Inc. ("dscout," "Company," "we," "our," or "us") is an online venue where dscout and other companies or groups (each a "Researcher") post opportunities for individuals (each a "Scout") to participate in online and mobile application-based research projects and surveys (collectively, "Missions").
Introduction
This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") explains how we collect, use, disclose and transfer information collected from researchers and visitors, other than Scouts, to the dscout website located at
dscout.com
, the dscout application at
app.dscout.com
(the "App"), and any other website, widget, mobile application or other service that links to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the "Platform"). Please note that this Privacy Policy
does not
cover information provided by or collected from Scouts. Those privacy rights are governed by the dscout
Scout Terms and Conditions and Scout Privacy Policy
. This Privacy Policy does not cover any information collected at any other web site, application or offline by dscout (unless specifically stated). Under applicable law, dscout is considered the "data controller" of information from or about our Platform visitors. In other words, dscout is responsible for deciding how to collect, use, share, and disclose this information.
Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. By accessing or using the Platform, you agree to this Privacy Policy. IF YOU DO NOT OR CANNOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE PLATFORM.
Table of Contents
What Information Do We Collect & From What Sources Do We Collect It?
How Do We Use the Information Collected?
How and When Do We Disclose Information to Third Parties?
Legal Basis for Use of Your Information
How Do I Access, Change or Delete My Information, Exercise Choices and Change Communications Preferences?
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
Information Relating to Children
How Information is Protected
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Do Not Track
Additional Information for California Residents
Contact Us
(1) What Information Do We Collect & From What Sources Do We Collect It?
How we collect and store information depends on how you access and use the Platform. We collect information when you provide information directly to us, when you permit third parties to provide information to us, and automatically, such as information collected from your browser or device. You can use some of the Platform without providing any information other than that automatically collected as described below.
(a) Required Registration Information
Researchers must create an account in order to access the Platform. To access limited features of the Platform, Researchers may sign up for a free researcher account, which requires email, company name, and password.
(b) Project and Mission Information
To build a Mission, Researchers must provide certain information for the creation of project and Mission components, including but not limited to a project name, Mission overview, Screener materials, specs for each Mission part, and survey questions.
(c) Automatically Collected Information
Usage Information and Analytics.
In addition to any information that you choose to submit to us, we and our third-party service providers, which include ad networks and analytics companies including Hubspot and Google Analytics, use a variety of technologies that automatically (or passively) collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the Platform ("Usage Information"). This Usage Information includes the browser that you are using, the URL that referred you to the Platform, all of the areas within the Platform that you visit, and the time of day, among other information. In addition, we collect the IP address or other unique identifier ("Device Identifier") for a User's computer or other device used to access the Platform (a "Device"). A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to a Device used to access the Platform, and our computers identify a Device by its Device Identifier.
Advertisements on Other Websites.
We display advertisements for dscout on other websites and services. When you click on a dscout advertisement on these other websites and services, we receive information about the website or service that served the advertisement, and which advertisement you clicked. If you then interact with our Platform, we may combine the information about your activity with our advertisement with the information we subsequently collect and/or you subsequently submit on our website.
Email Receipt.
If you receive email from us, we may use certain analytics tools, such as clear GIFs to capture data such as when you open our message or click on any links or banners our email contains. This data allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our communications and marketing campaigns.
Some of the methods that we use to collect Usage Information, include, without limitation, the following (and subsequent technology and methods hereafter developed):
Cookies and Beacons
A cookie is a data file placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Platform. Web beacons consist of a small string of software code on your browser that works with cookies to monitor usage. Cookies and beacons may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, remembering you and your preferences, tracking your visits to the Platform and personalizing your experiences on the Platform. If you choose to disable cookies or beacons on your Device, some features of the Platform may not function properly. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information (e.g., Internet Explorer; Google Chrome; Mozilla Firefox; or Apple Safari). You can also manage the use of Flash technologies, including flash cookies and local storage objects with the Flash management tools available at Adobe's website.
Embedded Scripts
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Platform, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are accessing the Platform, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
(d) Information Third Parties Provide About You
We may, from time to time, supplement the information we collect about you online with outside records from third parties, including networking and marketing resources, in order to enhance our ability to serve you. We may combine the information we receive from those sources with information we collect through the Platform. In those cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to any such information received, unless we have disclosed otherwise.
(e) Information You Provide About a Third Party
If you send someone else a communication from the Platform, such as sending an invitation to a friend or colleague, the information you provide (names, e-mail addresses, etc.) is used to facilitate the communication and is not used for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from that person or we explicitly say otherwise.
(f) Payment and Tax Information
If you are a Researcher, the Platform may collect payment information, such as credit card information and associated account information (name and contact information of your point of contact). Credit card information is stored by a trusted third party payment processor. Our payment partner will share your payment information with credit card companies to process actual payments.
(2) How Do We Use the Information Collected?
We may use your information:
to provide you with information or the Platform;
to process transactions or payments;
to process your registration to the Platform, including verifying your information is active and valid;
to establish and conduct Missions;
to analyze and synthesize research findings;
to enhance or improve the Platform;
to customize your experience on the Platform, or to provide you specific content that is most relevant to you;
to contact you (such as via e-mail) with regard to your use of the Platform and, in our discretion, changes to the Platform and/or the Platform's policies;
to send offers and promotional materials related to the Platform and for other dscout marketing purposes;
for dscout's advertising, marketing, publicity and promotional activities;
to transcribe interviews and/or videos;
to analyze use of the Platform;
for internal business purposes;
for other purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy;
to comply with any procedures, laws and regulations which apply to us, to comply with our legal obligations or, otherwise, where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others; or
to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others.
We reserve the right to create and use anonymous information-information that cannot reasonably identify you or your device or as otherwise defined by applicable law-for any purpose and to disclose such information to third parties in our sole discretion.
(3) How and When Do We Disclose Your Information to Third Parties?
(a) Mission Information
We disclose information about Missions to potential Scouts.
(b) When You Agree to Receive Information from Third Parties
If you consent to have your information disclosed, your information will be disclosed to such third parties and all information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third parties. You should review the privacy policies and practices of such third parties. If you later decide that you no longer want to receive communication from a third party, you will need to contact that third party directly.
(c) Service Providers
We may use vendors to perform certain services on our behalf, such as hosting the Platform, designing and/or operating the Platform's features, tracking App or website analytics, and collecting mobile sensor data. We may provide these vendors with access to certain of your information to carry out the services they are performing for us. These vendors are not permitted to use your information other than for performing services for dscout.
(d) Advertising Partners
We may disclose your information to third party advertising networks or others in order to tailor and serve advertisements regarding the Platform to you.
(e) Administrative and Legal Reasons
We may access, use, preserve, transfer and disclose your information including disclosure to third parties: (i) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, governmental requests or legal process if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by law, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; (ii) to protect and/or defend our agreements with our Users and our policies, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (iii) to protect the safety, rights, property or security of the Platform, dscout or any third party; and/or (iv) to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues. Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you.
(f) Business Transfer
We may disclose your Information to our parent, subsidiaries and affiliates for internal reasons. We also reserve the right to disclose and transfer all such Information: (i) to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of the Platform or applicable database; or (ii) in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our equity and/or assets or other corporate change, including, during the course of any due diligence process.
(g) User-Generated Content
The Platform may permit Researchers to submit ideas, photographs, videos, writings, pictures, data, questions, comments, suggestions or other feedback in a forum available to the public; this information will become publicly available. dscout is not responsible for the use or misuse of any such content.
(h) With Your Consent
We disclose your Information for any other purpose disclosed by us at the time you provide the information
(4) Legal Basis for Use of Your Information
The laws of some jurisdictions such as the laws of the European Union require us to inform you of the legal basis for using your information as set out in this Privacy Policy. To the extent those laws apply, our legal grounds are as follows:
Where use of your information is necessary to perform our obligations under a contract with you (for example, to comply with our contract to provide our Access to you, );
On the basis of implied or express consent, such as to send you certain information, including certain marketing communications; and/or
For our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (for example, to ensure the security of our websites, operate our business and our websites, respond to your questions, engage in certain marketing, make and receive payments, prevent fraud, detect abuse, conduct analysis, improve the Platform, enforce legal terms, engage in a business change (e.g., sale, merger) to know the customer to whom we are providing Platform Access, and to create anonymized data.
(5) How Do I Access, Change or Delete My Information, Exercise Choices and Change Communications Preferences?
(a) Accessing and Correcting Information
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the account information you submit to us. Except as described herein, the Platform will allow you to directly review, correct, update or remove your account information at any time. For automatically collected information, you also can exercise certain opt-out rights
at this page
or by contacting us as set forth in Contact Us below.
(b) Your Legal Rights
Your local laws (including those in the EEA, UK, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, or Utah) may permit you to exercise certain rights with respect to the information we collect from and about you. Please note your rights and choices vary depending upon your location. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity and verify your request before responding to your request as required or permitted by applicable law. In some circumstances, if you still ask us to delete your information, you may no longer be able to access or use our Platform.
Depending on your location, you (or an authorized agent acting on your behalf) may make certain requests related to your personal information, including that we:
Inform you about the categories of personal information we collect or disclose about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we share/disclose personal information. Such information is also set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Provide access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you.
Correct certain personal information we have about you.
Restrict or object to certain processing of personal information.
Delete certain personal information we have about you.
Object to certain processing of information or withdraw consent (though such actions may not have retroactive effect).
dscout will make every effort to respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe as required by law. There may be circumstances where we are unable to provide you access to your personal data, including as described elsewhere in this Section. We will advise you of any reason for denying or restricting an access request.
To exercise any of the above rights (or any other rights under applicable law), please contact us by email at
privacy@dscout.com
, or visit
this page
.
In situations in which we process personal data on behalf of our customer, such as when you are an employee of a Researcher, we may refer the request to the relevant customer and cooperate with their handling of the request, subject to any special contractual arrangement with that customer.
In addition to the rights above, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority. However, we encourage you to contact us first, and we will do our very best to resolve your concern.
(c) Deactivating Your Account; Retention of Your Information by dscout
You may deactivate your account by contacting dscout and requesting that your account be deactivated. See Contact Us below in this Privacy Policy. If you deactivate your account, your account information, and/or your credit card information (as applicable) will generally be deleted within 30 days. However, we may retain certain information even after you have deactivated your account if retention is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to meet regulatory requirements, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy, our other legal agreements with Users, or for certain legitimate business interests. We may also retain information for a limited period of time if requested by law enforcement.
(d) Marketing Emails
You can unsubscribe from marketing emails we send to you by clicking the “unsubscribe” link they contain. Please note that even though you may opt-out of receiving marketing-related communications from us, we may still send you transactional or administrative messages.
(e) Online Targeted Advertising Privacy Choices
To advertise the dscout services on other sites or platforms, we may allow third party advertising vendors to process certain browsing data from our website along with cookies, IP address or device identifiers or we may use hashed email address or contact information for such purposes. Residents of certain states such as California and Virginia may opt out of this activity, which may be a “sale” of their personal information under applicable law or sharing or processing of their personal information for targeted advertising. We may share or process for targeted advertising the following categories of information for such purposes which may be considered a sale:
device information and identifiers, such as IP address, and unique advertising identifiers and cookies; connection and usage information, such as browsing history or app usage, geolocation information, such as city; and inference data.
Please note: we do not use Platform usage data other than web visits or Researcher information other than hashed contact information for these purposes. If you (or, if applicable under law, your authorized agent) would like to opt out of our sale or sharing or processing of personal information for such purposes, you can adjust your cookie preferences on our website.
You may still receive advertising, it just may not be tailored to your interests. Please note, if you use different browsers, devices, or services you will need to opt out on each browser or device where you want the choice to apply. In some cases, you may also be presented with form field to complete, in those cases we ask for your email address or other information so we may add it to an appropriate suppression list.
Please note that if you have a legally-recognized browser-based opt out preference signal turned on via your device browser (such as Global Privacy Control), we recognize such preference in accordance and to the extent required by applicable law.
For more information about advertising and how you can turn off certain advertisements in general, please visit youronlinechoices.com and
www.youronlinechoices.com.au
and
www.youradchoices.com
. You can also visit your mobile device manufacturer's website (or the website for its operating system) for instructions on any additional privacy controls in your mobile operating system, such as privacy settings for device identifiers and geolocation.
(6) EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
dscout and its affiliate Panelfox LLC (together, “dscout”) are based in and operate in the United States. dscout undertakes methods to transfer Personal Data as required by applicable law.
dscout complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. dscout has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. dscout has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframewo...
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, dscout commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact dscout at:
Privacy Coordinator
dscout, Inc.
222 North LaSalle Street Suite 650
Chicago, IL 60601
E-mail:
privacy@dscout.com
In compliance with the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, dscout commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of human resources data received in reliance on and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF in the context of the employment relationship.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, dscout commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to the International Center for Dispute Resolution, the international division of the American Arbitration Association, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.htm...
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of the International Center for Dispute Resolution are provided at no cost to you. If neither dscout nor the alternative dispute resolution provider resolves your complaint, you may pursue binding arbitration through the Data Privacy Framework Panel by visiting
www.dataprivacyframework.gov
.
We are accountable for our transfer of EU Personal Data to third parties, as described in the Principles. In particular, we remain responsible and liable under the Principles if our third party agents who engage in processing of EU Personal Data on our behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
dscout is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
(7) Information Relating to Children
The Platform (particularly, the mobile applications for Scouts) is not intended for use by children under 13 years of age (or in the EU, children under the age of 16 years of age), and we do not knowingly collect personal information (as defined under COPPA) from children under 13 (or in the EU, under the age of 16 years of age) without the direct involvement of the minor's parents or guardians. If we learn that we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under 13 or Personal Data from a child in the EU under the age of 16 without parent or guardian consent without legally-valid consent or other legal basis, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information. If you believe that we might have any Personal Information from or about a child under 13 or Personal Data from a child in the EU under the age of 16, please contact us as provided in the "Contact Us" section below.
(8) How Information is Protected
Your dscout account will be secured by User-created passwords. You are responsible for keeping your passwords confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
We implement physical, technical, and administrative measures to protect your Information stored within our databases, and we restrict access to such information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer support personnel and technical staff.
Despite these efforts, please note that we cannot 100% ensure or guarantee the security of your Information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors could compromise the security of your Information. As such, you acknowledge and accept that we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to the Platform and that any such transmission is at your own risk.
(9) Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will provide notice to you on the Platform or by some other means, such as e-mail. Please review the changes carefully. If you agree to the changes, simply continue to access the Platform. If you object to any of the changes and no longer wish to use the Platform, you may deactivate your account. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information we have about you or your account. Accessing the Platform after a notice of changes has been communicated to you or published on the Platform shall constitute consent to the changed terms or practices.
(10) Do Not Track
You should be aware that your browser may have settings for Do Not Track. Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret Do Not Track signals, dscout does not honor Do Not Track signals from browsers, except legally-required browser based opt outs described herein.
(11) Additional Information for California Residents
If you are a California resident, California law requires us to provide you with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and disclose your “personal information” (as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
Throughout this Privacy Policy, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of information we collect from and about Scouts and discuss how we use and disclose such information. The following are the “categories” of personal information under the CCPA that we collect and that we may, as discussed throughout this Privacy Policy, use and disclose for our business purposes. We may use all the categories of personal information set forth below for operation (including technical functionality) of the Platform, internal research, security and fraud detection purposes, and legal compliance or for any purpose with your consent. See Section 2: “How Do We Use the Information Collected”. We may disclose all the categories of personal information set forth below to our service providers and with entities, such as government entities, as required by applicable law—see Section 3: “How and When Do We Disclose Information to Third Parties” for more information.
Category of Personal Information (see “What Information Do We Collect and From What Sources Do We Collect It” for more detail)
Use (see “How Do We Use the Information Collected” for more detail)
Disclosed to (see “How and When Do We Disclose Information to Third Parties” for more detail)
Identifiers (such as name and email address)
Manage your account and our internal operations
Provide and improve our Platform
Communicate with you, including, but not limited to, about dscout and Missions
Our service providers
Advertising Partners to advertise our services
Commercial information (such as transaction data)
Manage your account and our internal operations
Provide and improve our Platform
Our service providers
Financial data
Manage your account and our internal operations
Provide and improve our Platform
Manage your payment history
Our service providers
Third party payment processors,; if required, tax authorities
Internet or other network or device activity such as browsing history or app usage)
Provide and improve our Platform;
Ensure Platform functionality/reliability;
Communicate with you about your data
Our service providers
Advertising Partners to advertise our services
Device information and identifiers (such as IP address; browser type and language; operating system; platform type; device type; software and hardware attributes; and unique device identifiers)
Provide and improve our Platform;
Ensure Platform functionality/reliability
Our service providers
Advertising Partners to advertise our services
General location data
Provide and improve our Platform, including but not limited to conducting research
Provide your Missions
Our service providers
User-generated content
that you submit through the Platform
Provide and improve our Platform
Our service providers
Audio or visual information
Provide and improve our Platform, including but not limited to conducting research
Our service providers
Professional, employment, educational, or other similar data
Provide and improve our Platform
Our service providers
Do Not Sell or Share Personal Information for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
California residents may opt out of the “sale” of their personal information and the sharing of their personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising (aka targeted advertising).
We may sell share (and over the past 12 months may have shared) the following categories of information for such advertising in order to promote our Platform and services to you with advertising networks or allow such third parties to collect information including: identification and demographics; device information and identifiers, such as IP address, and unique advertising identifiers and cookies; connection and usage information, such as browsing history or app usage; geolocation information, such as city; and inference data.
In addition, we may provide some of your information, including contact information or identifiers in a way that constitutes a sale to third parties or sharing or processing of their personal information for targeted advertising of our Platform and services.
If you (or, if applicable under law, your authorized agent) would like to opt out of our sale of sharing or processing of their personal information of your information for such purposes, you can adjust your cookie preferences on our website.
You may still receive advertising, including ads based on data collect by dscout on the Platform or through Missions. Please note, if you use different browsers, devices, or services you will need to make your choices separately to opt out of such activity for our websites.
As set forth above, we disclose certain personal information to Researchers when you choose to participate in Missions. This participation is excepted from the opt out requirements under California law.
Data Retention
We retain your information as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collect it, unless a longer retention is required or permitted by law. We consider the nature and sensitivity of the information, the purposes for which we process the information, applicable legal requirements, and our legitimate interests in determining how long to retain information. Different processing purposes may dictate different retention periods for the same types of information.
Shine the Light Disclosure: Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits the users of the Platform who are California residents to request and obtain from us a list of what Personal Information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. We do not provide your personal information (as defined by 1798.83) to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to dscout as outlined below, or
use this page
to submit a request.
(12) Contact Us
If you have any questions about: (a) access to your information; (b) the collection, use, management or disclosure of your information; or (c) this Privacy Policy, you can fill out the form at
Privacy Data Requests
; or you may contact us by mail or e-mail as follows:
Privacy Coordinator
dscout, Inc.
222 North LaSalle Street Suite 650
Chicago, IL 60601
E-mail:
privacy@dscout.com
Sub-policy 2
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;