PlayCreek.com
|
Terms of Service
High quality games for iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch, Android, Windows Phone and Blackberry
Terms of Service
About these Terms
These Terms of Service ("
Terms
") represent the agreement between PlayCreek Limited Liability Company and its affiliates, which include subsidiaries or any other entities under common ownership (The "
Company
" or "
We
", "
Us
", "
Our
") and you, the user of our games or applications ("
You
"). By using or accessing any game or application provided to you by Us and any Our game services made available to You by using Our games or applications (all together, the "
Service
") you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. Our Privacy Policy is incorporated herein and is a part of these Terms. By accessing and/or using the Service, you agree that you have read, understood, and accept to be bound by the Terms. You represent that you are either 18 years old and reviewed and agreed to the Terms, or have a legal guardian reviewed and agreed to the Terms.
BY USING OUR GAMES OR APPLICATIONS, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, DO NOT USE OUR GAMES OR APPLICATIONS.
As a user, you are responsible for periodically reviewing these Terms. The Company can make changes to these Terms at any time in its sole discretion and your further use of the Service shall confirm your acceptance of the revised Terms. If you do not agree to these revised Terms you must discontinue your use of the Service and cancel any accounts you have made using the Service.
If you violate these Terms, the Company reserves the right either to issue you a warning regarding such violation or to immediately suspend or terminate any or all accounts created by You using the Service or created by Us or automatically by Our Service on your behalf to provide the Service to You. You agree that Company does not necessarily need to provide you a notice before terminating or suspending any of your accounts, but it may do so. Company also reserves the right to refuse any user access to the Service without notice for any reason, including, but not limited to, a violation of these Terms.
You agree that Company may discontinue the Service or change the Service or its content at any time, for any reason, with or without any notice to you, without any liability.
Intellectual Property
You agree that any part of the Service is owned, controlled or licensed by or to the Company, and is protected by law, copyright, patent and trademark and various other intellectual property laws.
All in-game content, including software, graphics, characters, texts, sounds, music or other data (the "
Content
"), the arrangement and selection of such Content, all copyright, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights relating to such Content is owned by the Company or licensed to Us by third parties. You are not allowed to copy, sell, reproduce, republish, or redistribute in any other way any of the Content without Our prompt permission.
The Company grants You a personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to use the Games and Applications only for the purpose of entertainment and/or non-commercial review as described by these Terms.
Rules and Terms of Usage
When You choose to play any of Our Games you agree to comply the specific game rules, such as game play rules, scoring and control rules which are explained to you by means of in-game tutorials and in-game alerts for the best user experience.
Some of our Games allow you to compete with your contacts on a platform or social network which you have allowed our Games to interact with.
You shall not alter or modify any Game's binary code and/or Content provided with any Game, or otherwise use the Service in an improper way not permitted by these Terms or cheat in order to gain advantage or leadership over other users of Our Games. Such modification may lead to termination of Your account(s) in the Service.
You shall not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any part of Our Games or Applications, or any other parts of the Service or network connected to the Service, by "hacking", "password-mining" or any other means. You shall not use any technical means to hinder or prevent other users using the Service, or attempt to do so. You may not use any technical means to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information that is contained in, but should not be available or accessible through the use of Our Games or Applications. You may not use the Service or any Content for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Service or the law.
You agree to compensate Us, according to law, for all losses, harm, claims and expenses that may arise from any violation of these Terms by You.
Availability of Our Games
We reserve the right to change, modify, update or completely withdraw any of our Games (in whole or in part) at any time without liability to you. Such modification or withdrawal may be performed for technical reasons (such as fixing errors, bugs or technical difficulties experienced by us or reported by our users); for legal reasons (such as any sort of legal objections to the Games Content); to improve the look and feel of the Games for better user experience; for the reason of no longer business sense for Us to provide or distribute any of Our Games; or for any other reasonably important purpose, at PlayCreek's sole discretion.
There may be scheduled or unscheduled periods of time when our Games or any part of the Service is not available for technical related reasons.
You agree that you are solely responsible for supporting the internet connection or mobile charges that may be incurred for playing our Games online. Please contact your mobile or network operator to learn what these charges will be, before you play
Virtual Currency and Virtual Goods
We may offer You a virtual in-game currency ("
Virtual Currency
") and/or certain virtual in-game items ("
Virtual Goods
") to be purchased using real world money for the use in Our Games. Such Virtual Currency and Virtual Goods are provided solely for your personal and entertainment use, they have no real world value and may only be used in PlayCreek Games or Applications
Virtual Currency and Virtual Goods cannot be redeemed for real world money or any monetary value from the Company or its affiliates. You agree that You have no rights on Virtual Currency or Virtual Goods. Your purchase of Virtual Currency or Virtual Goods is final and is not refundable. Purchasing, selling, or exchanging Virtual Currency or Virtual Goods outside the Service is a violation of these Terms and may result in termination of Your account(s) in the Service and even in legal action.
Company may modify or cancel any of Virtual Currency and/or Virtual Goods at its sole discretion. Prices and availability of Virtual Currency and/or Virtual Goods may be altered by Us without an additional notice.
Third-Party Marketplace Operators
Operators of mobile OS and software or social networks provide online storefronts and marketplaces such as Apple App Store, Google Play Market and other, in order to let You find, purchase and download applications. If you purchase or download any PlayCreek Games or Applications from such an online marketplace operated by a third-party Operator, or purchase any in-game Virtual Currency or Virtual Goods using the third-party Operator's platform, you must also comply with the terms of service of such online storefront or marketplace Operators, in addition to complying with these Terms.
Third-Party Content
You agree that by uploading or publishing any content through our Service ("
User Content
"), you hereby grant Us a worldwide, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free license, to copy, distribute, license, sublicense, sell, transfer, publicly display or otherwise use such User Content only by means of our Service. The Company does not claim any ownership or copyright on any such User Content.
The Company is not responsible for any User Content, made available by means of Our Service. You agree that the Company will not under any circumstances be liable for any User Content, errors, loss, misuse, damage incurred by use of such User Content.
Some of our Games use third-party advertising networks to display ads to You. We are not liable for any materials which are displayed inside Our Games by any other person including advertisers, and PlayCreek is not responsible for such material and its accuracy. Neither shall We be responsible for any losses and/or expenses resulted from accessing or using third-party applications or games that you access by interacting with the third-party advertisements in Our Games.
You can however contact us to report an inappropriate or inaccurate Content that you believe was displayed in a third-party in-game advertisement so that We may report such Content to the third-party advertising network operator.
Privacy
The Company shall take reasonable measures to protect your privacy and personal data. We shall only collect, process, use and share Your personal information in accordance with Our Privacy Policy and for the purposes as set out in these Terms. By using our Games, You give your consent to collect, process, use and share Your personal data in this way. If You do not agree to Our Privacy Policy You should not access and/or play Our Games. Please read Our
Privacy Policy
for more information about collection, using and protection of Your data.
Disclaimers
THE APPLICATIONS, PLAYCREEK CONTENT, USER CONTENT AND THE SERVICE ARE DELIVERED ON AN "AS-IS" AND "AS-AVAILABLE" BASIS. ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THE APPLICATIONS IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE. WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTION OF USE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WE DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR THE ACTS, OMISSIONS AND CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE APPLICATIONS AND/OR THE SERVICE. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE SHALL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
Except where enforced by law, in no event will PlayCreek be liable to You for any loss of profits, goodwill or reputation or business interruption, or for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental or punitive damages, including any indirect or consequential losses, even in case when we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Terms, if PlayCreek is found to be liable to You for any damage or loss which arises out of or is connected with your use of the Applications or any Content, Our liability shall not exceed 100,00 US Dollars.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold PlayCreek, its directors, employees and agents, harmless from and against any liabilities, damages, claims, losses and expenses, including, without limitation, legal fees and accounting expenses, arising out of or in any way connected with User Content that you submit to Us, your access and usage of Our Service or PlayCreek Content, or your violation of these Terms.
Jurisdiction and Dispute Resolution
Please contact us at
support@playcreek.com
to report and resolve any concerns. Most such concerns may be resolved quickly and without raising a legal action. You agree that the laws of the Russian Federation, with no regard to principles of conflict of laws and regardless of your location, will govern these Terms of Service and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and PlayCreek.
Miscellaneous
These Terms form the entire and exclusive agreement between PlayCreek and You connected to Our Service, Applications and Content. These Terms supersede and replace any and all prior oral or written agreements between PlayCreek and You connected to Our Service, Applications and Content.
The failure of PlayCreek to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not constitute a waiver of future enforcement of that right or provision.
These Terms were last updated on April 7, 2014
Facebook
Follow Us
©2009-2018 PlayCreek LLC. All rights reserved.
Contacts
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.playcreek.com/privacy/:
PlayCreek.com
|
Privacy Policy
High quality games for iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch, Android, Windows Phone and Blackberry
Privacy Policy
Introduction
PlayCreek has been creating cool games for years. We respect You, our users, and we are dedicated to protecting Your privacy rights. This Privacy Policy applies to all information that You provide to PlayCreek LLC ("
We
", "
Us
" or "
Our
"). This Privacy Policy ("
Privacy Policy
") is created to inform you how we collect, use, store and, in certain cases, share the information you provide us in connection with any Game created by Us (the "
Games
") or with Our Website www.playcreek.com (the "
Website
") or any game services provided by PlayCreek and accessible through or connected to our Website or Games (all together, the "
Services
").
This Privacy Policy only applies to any Personal Information (which will be defined below) obtained from Your use of Our Website or Our Services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that You may provide to third parties as described below. You should contact such third parties directly in order to learn about their Privacy Policies.
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time without notice. Please check the Privacy Policy regularly.
By using the Services, you agree to the collection and use of your personal information as explained in this Privacy Policy. If You do not agree with the original or later revised Privacy Policy conditions, you should not use our Services. If You believe We do not adhere to this Privacy Policy, please contact Us at
support@playcreek.com
Which Personal Information We collect
"
Personal Information
" is the information about You by which You may be identified. We collect and store certain kind of Personal Information about You only in order to provide our Services to You in a best way.
The Personal Information We may collect and store can include:
-- Your name, Your gender and Your age/date of birth;
-- Your IP Address and Your country;
-- Your e-mail Address.
How We use Your Personal Information
We may use Your Personal Information in order to:
-- respond Your requests and answer Your questions;
-- gather internal statistics and aggregate data for further improving of our Games based on such collected statistics;
-- ensure we comply with any applicable laws and regulations;
-- prevent cheating, fraud or crime (we may need to pass your Information to organizations involved in crime and fraud prevention in cases when such action is reasonably necessary to prevent fraud or crime).
We may ask you to provide us Your e-mail address, which will be used only to send you notifications related to our Services and to respond to your questions. We will not give or sell your e-mail addresses to any third party. We comply with the provisions of any applicable anti-spam laws. We may also store any e-mails sent from You to Us for our reference.
Non-Personal Information that We collect
Every time You play Our Games, the details of Your interaction are collected and retained by Us. Our Services may record game play information such as Your high scores, game session duration, certain details of your interaction with any certain parts of our Games and other.
Third party social networks or platforms
You may allow our Games to interact with a third party social networks or platforms (the "
Networks
"), such as Facebook, which will provide Personal and other Information about You to Us. We may use Your name, profile picture, or other information as the part of our Services interaction with the Networks and display to You or other users as the part of our Services. These Networks are created and maintained by third parties which are not affiliated with PlayCreek. You need to ensure that you read their Terms of Service and Privacy Policies to learn how they treat your Information and what Information they might share with Us.
Third-Party Advertising
We may use third-party advertising networks to display ads in Our Games. We do not provide any Personal Information to third-party advertising companies that may identify You in any way. However, this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that You may provide to third-party Applications that you access via interacting with the third-party advertisements in Our Games. You should contact such third parties directly in order to learn about their privacy policies in connection with using their Applications.
How we may disclose Your Information
We may share your data with third parties in the following cases:
-- with Your consent (including as set out in this Privacy Policy);
-- when Your Information is not Personal but is aggregated as anonymous, which means that you cannot be identified from such Information;
-- in order to comply with any legal obligation, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of PlayCreek, or Our users;
-- in case of an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, or other illegal activity that may involve Us or You to any kind of legal liability;
-- in order to fulfill our Terms and Conditions and/or any other agreement between Us with You being in force.
Information Security
We have take reasonable technical and other measures in order to protect Your Personal and Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, changing or disclosure, or from accidental loss. However, it is impossible to 100% guarantee that illegal third parties will never manage to overcome those measures or that they will not use Your Personal Information for any improper purpose.
Please keep in mind when sending Us any kind of Personal Information via e-mail or other messaging system, that such messaging systems are not secure and cannot be used to safely transfer such Personal data to Us.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact Us at
support@playcreek.com
This Privacy Policy was last updated on April 7, 2014
Facebook
Follow Us
©2009-2018 PlayCreek LLC. All rights reserved.
Contacts
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy