This website uses cookies. We use cookies to personalise content and ads and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Privacy Policy
Got it!
⌃
HOME
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
As the iSKI community continues to grow, we are making changes to provide the best possible experience for our users. To support our innovative portfolio of apps and products, and to enhance transparency, we have prepared an updated privacy statement. Please take the time to read it below. From October 26th, 2017 your use of the iSKI.cc website and our iSKI apps means you consent to this new privacy statement.
If you have any questions or comments, please contact our Support team.
support@iSKI.cc
Thank you for being a part and member of the iSKI community.
1. IN GENERAL
1.1 iSKI Products. The concept of intermaps Ltd. (“iSKI”) apps and the iSKI.cc platform (together the “iSKI Products”) is based in part on the publication of details regarding individual users by making such details accessible to other users via the iSKI Products and social networks, e.g. Facebook.
1.2 Compliance with Data Protection Laws. The collection, administration and use of personal details by iSKI complies with applicable data protection laws by ensuring that, amongst others and subject to 3.1, each user is able to decide himself/herself, which personal details shall be made accessible to other users.
2. PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION COLLECTED BY iSKI
2.1 Personally Identifiable Information. iSKI collects information from users upon registration on its website (the “Registration” and a user then a “Registered User”) and in connection with the use of any of the iSKI Products. Personal identifiable information (personenbezogene Daten) within the meaning of § 4.1 of the Austrian Data Protection Act (DSG 2000) shall be saved and used in particular in order to offer new applications to the user, to improve such applications and conform them to the users' needs
2.2 Data Collection. Upon Registration, certain user data is collected in several ways (the “Registration Information”)
2.2.1 Mandatory Information. Certain information has to be given by a user in order to register for iSKI Products, such as:
Email address;
First and last name;
Gender;
Birthday
2.2.2 Optional Information. Certain information is optional during Registration and can also be added or deleted later on by the user, such as:
Personal Information:
Address (street, postcode, city, country);
Profile picture;
Family status;
Height and weight;
Reason and Motivation:
Sports level (beginner, advanced, professional);
Description;
Motivation for doing sports; and
Sports types;
Contact information:
Phone, website; and
Twitter, Skype
2.3 Additional User Data. After registration different types of data are collected by iSKI (the “Additional User Data” and, together with the Registration Information, the “User Information”), such as:
Activities (e.g. distance, time, calories, duration, training days, elevation, pulse, max pulse rate), location data and maps of activities;
Routes;
Photos;
Live Tracking, see Section 3.2;
User statistics and Leader board; and
Friendships
3. PRIVACY SETTINGS AND LIVE TRACKING
3.1 Privacy Settings. Every user can change the privacy settings applicable to his or her account for iSKI Products
3.1.1 General. In this way, the user can decide for different categories (e.g. profile data, activities, maps), subject to 2.2.2 and 2.3, who can see the User Information collected: all users, friends, or nobody. The default privacy settings are set to “friends” for all users.
3.1.2 Exceptions. The following information is visible to all users and cannot be set to “nobody” in the privacy settings: first name, last name, and avatar.
3.1.3 Leader board. The leader board function, in which the users can compare their activities to their friends', is automatically activated in the user’s profile for all iSKI Products.
3.2 Live Tracking. The iSKI Products include a "Live Tracking" feature (“Live Tracking”), which enables all users to see the route and data, including heart rates, of such user's sports activity on certain of the iSKI Products. Live Tracking can only be either activated or deactivated for all users. Live Tracking is deactivated by default and can be activated by a user at his or her own discretion before each activity. By activating the feature, the user accepts the responsibility for such activation at his or her own risk. If the user does not want to give all users access to his or her training route and data, then Live Tracking should not be activated
4. USE AND SHARING OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE AND NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
4.1 Confidentiality and Security. iSKI deems all user information confidential and does not disclose such information without the express informed consent of the user. iSKI has implemented reasonable security policies and procedures designed to protect user information.
4.2 Registration. With Registration, the user explicitly agrees that iSKI shall have the right to use all collected personally identifiable information, for purposes of the iSKI Products and generally agrees with this Privacy Policy.
4.3 Sharing of Information. iSKI does not pass on personally identifiable information (see Section 2, above) to third parties, except as response to lawful requests from federal, state, local, or foreign law and civil enforcement agencies, as required by law, or with the explicit consent of the user, especially as set forth herein. iSKI implements all reasonable measures to prevent the unauthorized access by third parties to saved details.
4.3.1 iSKI transfers information of Registered Users to (i) other health and fitness services after Registered Users explicitly consent to the transfer when they connect to such services; and (ii) vendors, service providers, and other partners such as Google Analytics, Emarsys, Amazon Web Services (AWS), who help iSKI to provide and improve its services, such as providing technical infrastructure services or analyzing how the services perform or how they are used
4.3.2 Sensitive Data. Sensitive Data (sensible Daten) within the meaning of the DSG, such as heart rate data, will never be shared with advertisers or similar agencies
4.4 Advertising. The user explicitly consents to the storage and use of non-personally identifiable information for purposes of newsletter marketing or on iSKI.cc by iSKI/intermaps Ltd. or its partners.
4.5 Transmission and/or use of data within the iSKI/intermaps group. iSKI receives information from, and shares information with, its affiliates, agents, and business partners in the iSKI/intermaps group, e.g. BMW. The User Information shared with this group is aggregated data compiled from the information that it collects from Registered Users. We may use the information we receive from the group, and they may use the information we share with them, to help operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our services and their offerings
4.6 Heart Rate Monitor. Personal health information collected and stored by iSKI, and subsequently shared by the user via Heart Rate Monitor, may not be protected under the American Health insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
5. PLUGINS AND WIDGETS FOR SOCIAL MEDIA
5.1 The iSKI Products include social media plugins, such as (i) Facebook, 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA; (ii) Google +, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043; (iii) Twitter, 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA; (iv) WhatsApp, WhatsApp Inc., 650 Castro Street, Suite 120-219, Mountain View, CA 94041, USA.
5.2 Such plugins can recognize a user’s IP address and the page visited on the iSKI.cc platform and, possibly, store cookies, so that the services offered by iSKI work properly. Social media plugins and widgets are hosted either by third party providers or directly by us. Your interactions with these plugins are subject to this privacy policy or the privacy policy of any third party that offers such feature. iSKI is not responsible for the use of, or guidelines regarding the use of, personal data by third party providers.
5.3 Users may recognize the respective plugins, e.g., by the respective logo or other respective characteristic typical for the respective social media-platform on our pages. You can find an overview of Facebook-plugins here:
http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/
. You can find an overview of Google+-plugins here:
https://developers.google.com/+/web/
. You can find an overview of Twitter-plugins here:
https://dev.twitter.com/web/overview
.
5.4 If a user interacts with the plugins, e. g. by clicking on the Facebook "Like-Button" or entering a comment, while being logged in to such user's Social Media-account on Facebook, Google+, or Twitter, a user links the contents of the iSKI pages to his or her respective social media-profile. Thereby, Facebook/Google+/Twitter can associate a user's visit of the iSKI page or use of iSKI Products with such user's social media-account. iSKI/intermaps Ltd. as the provider of the iSKI Products does not have any knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its usage by Facebook, Google+, or Twitter. Users can also share finished activites via Whatsapp. Users can find more information on the issue of data transmission in the privacy policy of the respective social media-platform:
Facebook:
http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Google+:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Twitter:
https://twitter.com/privacy
Whatsapp:
https://twitter.com/privacy
5.5 If users do not want to have the respective social media-platform associate their visits on our site with their social media-account, users must log out from their social media-account.
6. COOKIES
6.1 General. Several areas of the iSKI.cc website use 'cookies' ─ small text files that are placed on the user's computer and stored by the browser. They are used by iSKI to provide a more user-friendly, effective and secure service. Cookies also enable iSKI to identify a user's browser and offer services to such user. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information.
6.2 Installation. You can prevent the installation of cookies by entering the corresponding settings in your browser software. However, please note that in this case you may not be able to use the complete range of functions of the iSKI.cc platform to its full extent.
7. GOOGLE ANALYTICS AND APP ANALYTICS
7.1 The iSKI Products use Google Analytics, a web analysis service by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses 'cookies' (see Section 6, above). The information about your visit collected by the cookies, including your IP address, is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and saved there. To the extent that the iSKI Products have activated IP anonymization, Google first abbreviates your IP address within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA or Asia and abbreviated there. Google will use the information collected on behalf of the website operator to evaluate your use of the iSKI Products, to compile reports about your activities within the iSKI Products, and to provide further services to iSKI related to use of the iSKI Products and Internet use. Google will under no circumstances associate the IP address transmitted by your browser within the operations of Google Analytics with other Google data.
7.2 You can prevent the data related to your use of the iSKI.cc platform, including your IP address, generated by the cookies from being recorded by Google and Google's processing of this data by downloading and installing the browser plugin from the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
7.3 Furthermore, you can prevent the future data capture by setting an Opt Out-Cookie via the following link: Deactivate Google Analytics Further information regarding terms of use and privacy provisions may be found on the websites
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html
and
https://www.google.de/intl/en/policies/
. The iSKI Products expanded the Google Analytics-Service with the “anonymizeIP”-Code to anonymize the user’s IP-address.
7.4 The iSKI Products use Google DoubleClick for Publishers (“DFP”). DFP uses Cookies to provide the user with user-relevant advertisements – further information may be found at
https://support.google.com/dfp_premium/answer/2839090?hl=en
. The user may disable the DFP’s cookie placement and the placement of user-relevant advertisements for use of the iSKI.cc platform via the website:
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences
.
8. GOOGLE FIT
8.1 General. The app provides the possibility to connect with Google Fit. For this purpose the users have to sign in with their Google account and agree to the required permissions.
8.2 Use of data. The app accesses physical activity data (Walking, running, …) from Google Fit and visualizes them in the app. The users can choose single activities in order to add them to their iSKI community account.
9. CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
9.1. Changes to this Privacy Policy require the consent of the respective user, to whom the changed Privacy Policy shall apply. If iSKI intends to implement such changes, it will give the user as much prior notice of such changes as possible. Such notice shall be made on the relevant pages of the iski.cc platform or on any other device through which the user accesses the iSKI Products. Any such modifications will take effect within thirty days of publication. This policy was last modified on 26th October, 2017.
10. DELETION OF USER INFORMATION
10.1 In case of a termination of the Registered User’s account
10.1.1 All personal details provided by the user upon Registration shall be deactivated. Any details made public by the user, e.g., routes, notes on other Registered Users’ walls, will be (i) anonymized, i.e., it will be made clear that such details were provided by a deleted user, or (ii) deleted, in the event of cancellation, within thirty days; and
10.1.2 Upon the Registered User’s request, all User Information not required for iSKI’s performance of contractual obligations or compliance with statutory retention obligations, shall be irrevocably deleted. The user shall request such deletion by email sent to delete.account@iSKI.cc, which shall include the email address provided to iSKI upon Registration, or via the website. iSKI will comply with such requests within twenty days and maintain a record of the deletion for one year after the deletion
11. YOUR CONSENT
11.1 By using our site as a non-registered user, you consent to our privacy policy only for those areas not subject to Registration. Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website and apps. https://iski.cc/en/privacy-iski.html