Mobile Innovations
Home
Contact
Privacy
							Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Mobile Innovations LLC
							uses and protects any information that you give Mobile
							Innovations LLC when you use this web site or our mobile apps.
Mobile Innovations LLC is committed to ensuring that your
							privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain
							information by which you can be identified when using this
							website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in
							accordance with this privacy statement.
Mobile Innovations LLC may change this policy from time to
							time by updating this page. You should check this page from time
							to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This
							policy is effective from July 15th 2012.
Our commitment to your privacy
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal
							information to third parties. We will not disclose any of your information unless it is required by law to do so.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
1. Email address if you signed up for sync service through one of
						our mobile apps.
2. Change logs to your app data if you signed up
						for sync service through one of our mobile apps.
3. App database
						file if you signed up for sync service through one of our mobile
						apps, to provide initial sync across devices.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this
						information particular for the following reasons:
1. To Sync data
						across your devices in mobile apps.
2. We permanently delete
						change log data we collected after syncing it across your devices.
3. We permanently delete your App database file after initial sync
						between devices.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure.  In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure,we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and software procedures to safeguard and secure the information .
How we use cookies
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website or apps may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site or app, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please  email us as soon as possible to feedback@mobileinnov.net .We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Copyright © 2012
Mobile innovations
					LLC  All rights reserved