We provide the most comprehensive and competitively priced billing service available. We are committed to providing our clients with efficient, accurate and reliable billing services using the most up-to-date reimbursement and coding systems. We continuously keep in contact with insurers, patients and hospital staff to ensure that your private practice income is maximised..
Privacy Statement
This statement relates to the privacy practices of Medical Account Services Limited, t/a MedServ ('MedServ') in connection with this website. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Any external links to other websites will be clearly identifiable as such.
General Statement
MedServ fully respects your right to privacy, and will not collect any personal data about you on this website without your clear knowledge and permission. Any personal data which you volunteer to MedServ will be treated strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Acts, 1988 and 2003.
Collection and use of personal information
We will collect no personally identifying information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us. The information we collect depends on what you do when visiting our site.
If you visit our site to browse, read or download we automatically collect and store the following information about you:
The IP address from which you access our website (an IP address is the number automatically assigned to your computer when you are surfing the web);
The top-level domain name used (for example .ie, .com, .org, .net);
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time of your access to our site;
The pages you visit; and
The previous website address from which you reached us, including any search terms used.
We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors, to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the type of technology which our visitors use. We do not track or record information about individuals on their visits. We may compile and report aggregate statistics about our users in terms of numbers, traffic patterns and related site information. Any such statistics will not include any personally identifying information.
You may choose to provide us with personal data (e.g. name, e-mail and postal address) in an e-mail message to the address listed on our site, e.g. if you are a prospective customer who wishes to find out more about the services we offer. We use these details solely for the purpose of dealing with your query.
We may disclose your personal data under strict obligations of confidentiality to our service providers to the extent reasonably required for the purposes described above. We have entered contractual arrangements with those service providers obliging them to process your data solely in accordance with our instructions and to adhere to the data security standards required under Irish data protection law.
If you register as a customer with Medserv [either through this website or otherwise], you will be asked to provide us with, amongst other things, your name, e-mail address, contact telephone number and business address. [You will also be asked to specify any staff members or colleagues who should also be able to access your account information in the private areas of the website]. Registering as a customer with us will also involve completing and returning certain documentation. We use this data and documentation solely for the purposes of managing your account with us, allowing you [and if relevant any staff members and colleagues] to gain access to private areas of the website in which you can access your account information and to send you communications relevant to your account with us and/or which you have specifically subscribed for or requested.
In circumstances where you become a customer of Medserv, you will be allocated a user ID and password. You will be entitled to change your password at any time. You should ensure that you keep your user ID and password confidential at all times.
Marketing
You may be offered the opportunity, if you so wish, to receive information about products and services which may be of interest to you, either from ourselves or third parties. However, any such marketing will only be carried out if you have specifically consented to it.
Cookies
This website uses cookies, so a cookie may be placed in your computer browser. Cookies are small text files which provide us with information about how often someone visits our site, and what he/she does during those visits. Cookies do not themselves contain any personally identifying information but if you provide information to us, it may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
If you do not want your browser to accept cookies, you can turn off the cookie acceptance option in your browser settings. Disabling cookie support may prevent this web site from functioning properly and you may not be able to utilise fully all of its features and information.
Right of Access
You have the right, subject to certain exemptions, to obtain a copy of any personal data we hold about you and to correct any inaccuracies in such data. If you wish to avail of any of these rights, please contact us at Medserv, 6th Floor, North Block, Rockfield Central, Dundrum, Dublin 16 or e-mail info@medserv.ie. Your request will be dealt with as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event within 40 days.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
From time to time we may decide to change our privacy statement, but any changes will be posted on this page to keep you up to date with how we collect, use and disclose information.
If at any time we decide to use personal data in a manner significantly different from that stated in this privacy statement, or otherwise disclosed to you at the time it was collected, we will notify you, and you will have the choice as to whether or not we use your information in the new manner.
Contact
Should you have any queries or concerns about your privacy or any of the issues covered in this statement, please contact us at: Medserv, 6th Floor, North Block, Rockfield Central, Dundrum, Dublin 16, e-mail us at
info@medserv.ie
or ring our office on
01 661 9822
.