This privacy policy governs your use of the software applications 'IP Cam Viewer Pro', 'IP Cam Viewer Lite' and 'IP Cam Viewer Basic' ("Application") for mobile devices that was created by Robert Chou. The Application is an utility to remotely view and control network cameras, NVRs, DVRs and other video network feeds.

===
Location Services

This Application does not request, collect, or access the precise location of your mobile device.


===
Collection and Use

The Application stores camera connectivity information, specified by you, on the installed device and not in cloud servers.

The Application will use camera connectivity information in order to connect directly to destination cameras. We do not use any clouds services that can capture your audio/video data for inspection, processing or storage.

Optionally, the Application will collect your email address, specified by you, in order to send motion notifications.

As is true of most Web sites, when using http://hit-mob.com or our backend servers, we automatically gather information about your computer such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system.


===
Tracking and Ads

The Application 'IP Cam Viewer Pro' does not contains Ads.
The Application 'IP Cam Viewer Lite' and 'IP Cam Viewer Basic' will show Ads unless it has been upgraded via in-app purchase.

For Ads, we use a third party Ad Network in the following ways:
We or a third party contracted by us may use technologies such as cookies, Web beacons, or scripts to gather information about how you and others interact with our Web site. For example, we will know how many users access a specific areas or features within our site and which links or ads they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how our site is used, improve our marketing efforts, and provide content and features that are of interest to you.


===
Sharing Your Information

We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.

We may disclose your personal information:
- as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process.
- when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
- if Robert Chou is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
- to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.

If you choose to use Google Checkout to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number directly to Google Checkout. Google's privacy policy will apply to the information you provide on the GoogleCheckout Web site.
PayPal

If you choose to use PayPal to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number, directly to PayPal. PayPal's privacy policy will apply to the information you provide on the PayPal Web site.


===
Security

The Application will attempt to connect to each destination camera using the security protocols required by the camera. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

In order to make a purchase from us, you must use our third party checkout options to finalize and pay for your order. Its privacy statement and security practices will also apply to your information. We encourage you to read that privacy statement before providing your information.


===
Your Consent

By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing", means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards. 


===
Contact

You can contact us about this privacy statement by emailing us at robert.chou@gmail.com.