Auctions
Phillips Watches Online Auction: The Geneva Sessions Spring 2025
Modern & Contemporary Art: Online Auction, London
Color Vision: Masterworks by William Eggleston from Guy Stricherz and Irene Malli, New York
Phillips Watches Online Auction: The Hong Kong Sessions, Spring 2025
The Hong Kong Jewels Auction, Hong Kong
Editions, Hong Kong
New Now: Modern & Contemporary Art and Design, Hong Kong
Hong Kong Jewels: Online Auction
Photographs, New York
New Now: Modern & Contemporary Art, London
MODERNISM 1880-1960: Editions & Works on Paper, New York
Editions & Works on Paper, New York
Design, London
Modern & Contemporary Art Evening Sale, New York
Modern & Contemporary Art Day Sale, Morning Session, New York
View All Auctions
Auction Results
Artists & Makers
How To Buy
Remote Bidding
Calendar
Departments
Modern & Contemporary Art
Design
Editions
Jewels
Photographs
Watches
Private Sales
Exhibitions
Perpetual
Dropshop
Buy & Sell
How To Buy
How To Sell
Remote Bidding
Private Services
Professional & Advisor Services
Fiduciary Services
Editorial
About Us
Our History
Our Team
Locations
Press
Careers
Login
english
中文
Contact
Client Services New York
+ 1 212 940 1200
Client Services London
+ 44 20 7318 4045
Client Services Hong Kong
+ 852 2318 2000
Back to top
Privacy Policy
Phillips takes the privacy of your information seriously. We are committed to ensuring that information relating to you, from which you can be identified (known as
'Personal Data'
) is protected in accordance with our legal obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation and other applicable national data protection laws.
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use and share your Personal Data.  It should be read in conjunction with other terms and conditions that you are asked to sign if and when you use our services (
'Services'
), since these may contain additional information regarding how we collect, use and share your Personal Data.
Who are we?
Phillips operates internationally and members of the Phillips Group aim to provide
              a seamless service to Phillips clients globally.  For this reason, this Privacy Policy
              relates to all members of the Phillips Group.
Phillips Auctioneers Limited (registered in England with company number 04228373)
              is the data controller of your Personal Data processed in connection with its
              operations and is subject to the Data Protection Act 1998 (
'DPA'
),
              the General Data Protection Regulation (
'GDPR'
) and any other relevant
              UK legislation.
Phillips Auctioneers LLC (registered in New York with number 3308792) is the data controller
              of your Personal Data if you are a California resident for purposes of the California Consumer
              Privacy Act (
'CCPA'
).
If you interact with Phillips in locations outside the United Kingdom or New York, the local
              Phillips entity (see list below) may control your Personal Data.
In this Privacy Policy,
we, us, our, Phillips
and/or the
Phillips Group
means the companies and affiliated entities located
              inside and outside the European Economic Area, from time to time through which Phillips
              operates its business including :
Phillips Auctioneers Limited (registered in England with company number 04228373)
Phillips Auctioneers LLC (registered in New York with auction license 2013224)
Phillips Auctioneers Limited (registered in Hong Kong with company number 1603703)
Phillips Auctioneers SARL (registered in France with company number 490 461 019 R.C.S. Paris)
Phillips Fine Watches Limited (registered in Hong Kong and Switzerland with company number 2131858)
to the extent that any such company is processing your personal data.
How do we collect your personal data?
We may collect Personal Data directly from you (by email, telephone, face to face, in paper form and via our website and digital applications), including when you:
express an interest in our Services or interact with us as a client or prospective client;
subscribe to our newsletters, digital applications and catalogues;
create a Phillips account at www.phillips.com, inform us of your collecting interests and/or download and use Phillips‘ digital applications;
instruct us to provide Services to you and sign contractual documentation;
register to bid in an auction (in person, on line, by telephone or by absentee bid);
attend viewings, auctions, events and exhibitions.
We may collect Personal Data about you and the property you own or wish to collect from sources outside the Phillips Group, including when:
we carry out required due diligence checks on you and your property
we carry out required credit reference checks
someone introduces you to us;
you access our Services through third party social media networks or services.
we use the services of unaffiliated third-party advertising networks, media monitoring companies and publicly available sources.
When you visit our website www.phillips.com or download Phillips’ digital applications or interact with
              third-party websites, we collect data to facilitate and personalise your experience, for security and analytical
              purposes (including trend analysis) and system administration.
Data we collect automatically may include:
data about you, your computer and other devices you use to access our website and digital applications (including your IP address, browser information, device information, and operating system information);
search terms and URL’s used to reach our website and digital applications;
data regarding the emails we send you, such as opens, clicks, and unsubscribes;
your interaction with our websites and digital applications (such as the date, time, length of stay, and pages accessed during your visits);
usage data for our websites and digital applications (such as the number and frequency of visitors).
We may associate this data with the following:
your Phillips account (if you have one),
the device(s) you use to connect to our Services; and/or
email or social media accounts that you use to engage with Phillips. We use cookies (small text files placed on
              your computer or device) and other automated data collection technologies (such as pixels and gifs) to
              collect this information. Our Cookie Policy explains what cookies are, the types of cookies we use and
              your choices in relation to such cookies. To view our Cookie Policy, please
click here
.
When you visit our premises and sale and exhibition venues, we may record your image through our
              CCTV operations for security, client service and bid-monitoring purposes. Our auctions are also
              filmed for simultaneous live broadcast on our and third party websites and applications.
Your communications with Phillips, including by telephone and online (e.g. telephone and on-line
              bidding) may also be recorded for security, client service and bid monitoring purposes.  Where we
              record such information we will process it for the purposes set out below.
When you access our Services through a social network (such as Facebook, Instagram and Twitter)
              we collect information about you from the social network in accordance with your settings on the
              social network. If you interact with us on social media, we will collect information about those
              interactions. The information we may collect includes your name and email address.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT AND HOW DO WE USE IT?
The table below explains the purposes for which we use your Personal Data, the types of Personal Data used and the legal grounds on which we process it under applicable Data Protection Legislation.  Please refer to the Glossary for explanations of the legal grounds and other defined terms.
Use
Examples of Personal Data used
Legal grounds for processing
1.
To
respond to your requests for information
regarding our Services, auctions, exhibitions and events
Name and contact details (including email address, telephone numbers and postal address)
Collecting interests and categories
Communication and marketing preferences
Information you enter in your Phillips account
Performance of a contract
Legitimate interests
2.
To
provide you with information
regarding our Services, auctions, exhibitions and events
Name and contact details (including email address, telephone numbers and postal address)
Collecting interests and categories
Communication and marketing preferences
Information you enter in your Phillips account
Legitimate interests
Consent
3.
To
invite you
to attend auctions, exhibitions and events
Name and contact details (including email address, telephone numbers and postal address)
Collecting interests and categories
Legitimate interests
Consent
4.
To
follow up with you
following your requests for information and for
general marketing purposes
(including keeping you informed by email and other electronic means, telephone and letter) of Services offered by the Phillips Group which may be of interest to you
Name and contact details (including email address, telephone numbers and postal address)
Collecting interests and categories
Communication and marketing preferences
Information you enter in your Phillips account
Performance of a contract
Legitimate interests
Consent
5.
To
provide you with requested Services
and for any other purposes for which you provide us with your Personal Data including:
Valuations
Viewings
Selling
Bidding
Storage
Shipping
Catalogue subscription
Name and contact details (including email address, telephone numbers and postal address)
Identification and other documentation (including passport, ID card, proof of address) for our Know Your Client checks
Collecting interests and categories
Details of the property to which the Services relate, including import & export paperwork and tax status
Services you engage us to provide (including signed contractual and other documentation)
Bank account details (if we need to make payments to you) and payment card or bank transfer information (if you are making payments to us)
If you are introduced to us by another person, the identity of that person and any fee they receive for the introduction
Your communications with us, (including emails and other correspondence, online bidding logs, recordings of telephone bidding)
Special Category Data (for example, disability and dietary needs), where relevant to our provision of Services and facilities to you.
Performance of a contract
Legitimate interests
Consent
6.
To
carry out identity and credit checks
(for example, in relation to buyers and bidders).
Please note that we may use credit reference agencies to do this, who may record that a search has been made and share the search and results (including the information that we provide) with other organisations.
Any use of your personal information by such agencies will be subject to those agencies' own privacy policies and terms of use, unless they are acting only on our behalf when processing your personal information;
Name and contact details (including email address, telephone numbers and postal address)
Identification and other documentation (including passport, ID card, proof of address) for our Know Your Client checks
Details of the property to which the Services relate, including import & export paperwork and tax status
Compliance with our legal obligations
Legitimate interests
7.
To
create and maintain art market records, including records of property
you own, possess and/or consign to us (including to carry out valuations, authenticity, provenance and title checks, for  restoration purposes and to prevent fraud, theft or other unlawful activities)
Ownership and ownership history of property you consign to us or in your possession
Communications with third parties required to carry out valuations, authenticity, provenance and title checks, for  restoration purposes and to prevent fraud, theft or other unlawful activities
Performance of a contract
Legitimate interests
Task carried out in the public interest
8.
To
comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
(including KYC and anti-money laundering checks, tax reporting, assisting with law enforcement investigations and judicial proceedings)
Name and contact details (including email address, telephone numbers and postal address)
Identification and other documentation (including passport, ID card, proof of address) for our Know Your Client checks
Details of the property to which the Services relate, including import & export paperwork and tax status
Details of past transactions (including tax withheld and paid, export and import permits obtained and duties paid)
Information relating to disputes and legal proceedings and investigations
Legitimate interests
Compliance with our legal obligations
9.
To
protect
you, our staff, guests, property and our premises
CCTV footage
Legitimate interests
Task carried out in the public interest
10.
To
collect money
owed to us or our consignors
Name and contact details (including email address, telephone numbers and postal address)
Identification and other documentation (including passport, ID card, proof of address) for our Know Your Client checks
Performance of a contract
Legitimate interests
Compliance with our legal obligations
11.
To deal with your
comments, suggestions and feedback
and invite you to participate in market research studies
Name and contact details (including email address, telephone numbers and postal address)
Identification and other documentation (including passport, ID card, proof of address) for our Know Your Client checks
Performance of a contract
Legitimate interests
Compliance with our legal obligations
12.
To
monitor, audit and analyse trends, usage and activities in connection with our
                        Services and to  evaluate and improve the performance and effectiveness of our website,
                        applications and Services
(including to improve your user experience and for
                      staff training)
Internet address, browser type, operating system and other details about how you access our Services digitally
Name and contact details (including email address, telephone numbers and postal address)
Communication and marketing preferences
Information you enter in your Phillips account
CCTV images and voice recordings
Legitimate interests
Consent
13.
To
customise our website, digital applications and Services
in line with your interests and preferences
Internet address, browser type, operating system and other details about how you access our Services digitally
Name and contact details (including email address, telephone numbers and postal address)
Communication and marketing preferences
Information you enter in your Phillips account
Performance of a contract
Legitimate interests
Consent
14.
To
personalise your online experience and the advertisements you see when you use
                        digital services or third-party platforms
based on your interests, preferences,
                      transaction history and browsing behaviour
Internet address, browser type, operating system, device ID, mobile network information,
                        pages viewed, time spent on web pages or in apps, links clicked, conversion rates and other details about how you access digital services
Communication and marketing preferences your IP address, information,
Consent
15.
To
maintain our business records and processes
across the Phillips Group (including for shipping, storage and outsourcing selected 'back office' functions to third parties such as hosted software solutions and cloud storage providers)
Name and contact details (including email address, telephone numbers and postal address)
Identification and other documentation (including passport, ID card, proof of address) for our Know Your Client checks
Collecting interests and categories
Details of the property to which the Services relate, including import & export paperwork and tax status
Services you engage us to provide (including signed contractual and other documentation)
Legitimate interests
16.
To
obtain advice
on our rights and obligations, protect our business, enforce our legal rights, and protect another person's rights, property, or safety (including exchanging information with third parties such as legal advisors, law enforcement agencies, fraud prevention agencies, debt collection agencies, regulatory authorities and judicial authorities)
Name and contact details (including email address, telephone numbers and postal address)
Identification and other documentation (including passport, ID card, proof of address) for our Know Your Client checks
Details of the property to which the Services relate, including import & export paperwork and tax status
Services you engage us to provide (including signed contractual and other documentation)
Performance of a contract
Legitimate interests
As referenced in the table above, the following terms have the following meanings:
Performance of a contract:
We may process your Personal Data because it is necessary for the
performance of a contract
with you or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract.
Legitimate interests:
We may process your Personal Data because it is necessary for our or a third party's legitimate interests. Our "legitimate interests" include our commercial interests in operating the business of the Phillips Group in accordance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
Compliance with our legal obligations:
We may process your Personal Data to comply with our legal obligations, including KYC and anti-money laundering checks and tax reporting.
Task carried out in the public interest:
We may process your Personal Data where it is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest.
We may also process your Personal Data where:
it is necessary to protect your or another person‘s vital interests
it is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (for example, to protect and defend  our rights or property, and/or the rights or property of our clients, or of third parties); and /or
we have your specific or, where necessary, explicit consent to do so (for example, where we have your agreement to include information about you (as a seller) in sale marketing materials) or where we have sought and obtained your consent to send you direct marketing by email, or for the use of cookies on our website.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may share your Personal Data with other parties for the purposes referred to in this Privacy Policy and relying on the legal grounds for processing described above, including:
any member of the Phillips Group (including employees, staff and contractors) for purposes including notifying you of sales, exhibitions and special events which may be of interest to you in other sale room locations
anyone who provides services to members of the Phillips Group, their agents or affiliates for purposes including notifying you of sales, exhibitions and special events
persons acting on your behalf
financial institutions, credit reference agencies, fraud prevention agencies and internal and external auditors, professional advisors
law enforcement and judicial, administrative and regulatory bodies;
third parties:
we use to provide services to you (including shipping agents and brokers, warehouse providers, data hosting providers, call centre operations, e-mail management services, data analytics providers and other providers of services required for the operation of our website, mobile applications and online bidding services)
in connection with a reorganisation, sale or acquisition or any Phillips Group members‘ business, but always subject to suitable confidentiality restrictions.
in connection with subpoenas or other legal requests submitted to any Phillips Group member.
for marketing purposes where you have consented to marketing.
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS SERVICES
Interest-based Ads and Analytics
We may allow third parties not affiliated with Phillips to send advertisements on our behalf across the
              internet and in mobile applications and to provide us with analytics services.
These third parties may use cookies, and other automated data collection technologies (such as pixels and
              gifs) to collect information about your use of our Services and other websites and applications you visit.
              This information may include: your IP address, device ID, web browser, mobile network information, pages
              viewed, time spent on web pages or in apps, links clicked, and conversion information, and may be used by
              Phillips and other third parties to:
analyse and track data,
determine the popularity of content,
deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on the Phillips website and other websites, and
better understand your online activity.
For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for
              interest-based advertising purposes, please visit:
US based users:
www.aboutads.info/choices
UK and European based users:
https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
Custom & Lookalike Audience Campaigns
We may work with third parties to send you advertisements as part of a customized campaign on third-party
              platforms (such as Facebook or Google). As part of these ad campaigns, we or third-party platforms may
              convert information about you, such as your email address, into a unique value that can be matched with
              a user account on these platforms to allow us to learn about your interests and to serve you advertising
              that is customized to your interests. The third-party platforms may offer you choices about whether you see
              these types of customized ads.
On occasions, we may also share with such third parties, aggregated or anonymised data that cannot
              reasonably be used by those third parties to identify you.  This aggregated or anonymised data is used
              by the third party to create for us “lookalike” audiences displaying similar traits to those extracted
              from the aggregated or anonymised data.
TRANSFERRING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Phillips is an international business and operates globally through a network of affiliates worldwide. Your Personal Data may be transferred and processed outside of the UK and the European Economic Area ('EEA') in countries that do not provide the same level of data protection. Where we do so, we will put in place an appropriate safeguard (typically approved data protection clauses) to ensure adequate protection of your Personal Data when it is transferred outside of the UK and the EEA.
You can obtain more details of the protection given to your Personal Data when it is transferred outside the EEA by contacting us (see Contact Information) below.
KEEPING YOUR PERSONAL DATA SECURE
We are committed to ensuring that any Personal Data we hold about you is properly safeguarded. We seek to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to protect your Personal Data against unauthorised access or disclosure and any loss, destruction or damage.
We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your Personal Data from external threats, however, please be aware that there are inherent security risks of sending information by public networks or on public computers and we cannot therefore guarantee the security of any data disclosed or transmitted over the internet.
Please note that our Bids, Client Accounting and Shipping Departments may seek your credit card details and/or bank account information by email in order to take payment for transactions or guarantee payments. Please note that the security, confidentiality and reliability of email cannot always be guaranteed.
Where you sign up to participate in auctions or receive other Services, you may be provided with log-in information and may have the ability to set passwords to allow you to access a personal account page. Where we do so, it is on the condition that you will be responsible for ensuring that such log-in information and any passwords are kept secure and confidential at all times. You will not share any log-in information or passwords, without our express authorisation. We cannot be responsible for any loss or damage caused by your negligence, misuse of log-in details or your decision to share account access with others.
Sometimes unauthorised individuals send e-mails to consumers, purporting to represent a legitimate company, requesting that the consumer provide personal, often sensitive information, using the information (such as the email and domain names of) a legitimate, trusted company. In reality, such information is sought for identity theft. This illegal activity has come to be known as "phishing."
If you receive an e-mail or other correspondence requesting that you provide any sensitive information via e-mail or to a website that seems suspicious to you, please do not provide such information, and report such requests to us.
WEBSITE LINKS
Our website may be linked to by third parties providing access to our bidding platforms and may contain links to other websites not operated by the Phillips Group (for example third party bidding platforms) ('Third Party Websites'). We do not have any control over such Third Party Websites to which we link, and we cannot be held responsible for the privacy of any Personal Data which you provide after you have used any link on our website to visit these Third Party Websites. You should exercise caution and look for any applicable privacy statements appearing on such Third Party Websites.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
The Phillips Group may retain your Personal Data:
for as long as we are providing you with Services; or
after your account / agreement with us is terminated, or if your application for a particular service or services is declined or abandoned, for as long as we are permitted or required to for legal, regulatory, fraud prevention and/or our legitimate business purposes.
Our legitimate interests include the indefinite maintenance of core transaction data, in the interests of maintaining the integrity of the wider art market.
WHAT LEGAL RIGHTS DO YOU HAVE?
You have the following rights under applicable Data Protection Legislation:
to
obtain access to, and copies
of, the Personal Data that we hold about you;
to require us
not to send you marketing communications
.
to require us to
correct the Personal Data
we hold about you if it is incorrect;
to require us to
erase your Personal Data
;
to require us to
restrict our data processing activities
If our processing is based on your consent, you may
withdraw that consent
, without affecting the lawfulness of our processing based on consent before its withdrawal);
to receive a copy in a reasonable format specified by you, of the Personal Data
which you have provided to us
, including for the purpose of you transmitting that Personal Data to another data controller;
to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to any of our particular processing activities which you consider have a disproportionate impact on your rights,
Please note that the above rights are not absolute, and we may be entitled to refuse requests where exceptions apply, for example where we have a continuing or other legal basis to process your personal data.
You can find out more about your rights under data protection legislation as it applies in the UK from
              the Information Commissioner's Office website available at:
www.ico.org.uk
or as it applies in
                California at the website for the State of California Department of Justice available at:
https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa.
HOW TO CONTACT US
Please email us at
dataprotection@phillips.com
or,
                if you are a California resident, by phone at 212 940 1200,
if:
you have any questions relating to the  processing of your Personal Data by the Phillips Group;
you have previously given your consent to our processing of your Personal Data for certain purposes and wish to withdraw it for some or all of those purposes.
you wish to bring to our attention any concerns or complaints with the way we are processing your Personal Data.
Please note that if you withdraw your consent to our processing of your Personal Data for certain purposes, we may not be able to provide you with all or some of the Services unless other legal grounds exist justifying our processing of your Personal Data for these purposes.
If you have raised a concern with us regarding the processing of your Personal Data in respect of which GDPR applies and which we have not been able to resolve or you are not satisfied with our response, you may refer the matter to the UK Information Commissioner or, if applicable, another relevant European data protection authority.
STATUS OF, AND UPDATES TO, THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy was updated on 1 July 2020, and supersedes any previous privacy policy or similar
              terms provided by or on behalf of Phillips.  We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time and
              will publish any changes on our website
www.phillips.com
.
Last modified: 1 July 2020
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Back
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa:
Skip to main content
Home
About
Who We Are
About AG Rob Bonta
About the Office of the Attorney General
History of the Office
What We Do
Public Safety
Opinions and Quo Warranto
Research Advisory Panel
Research Center
Children & Families
Civil Rights
Consumer Protection
Environment & Public Health
What We're Working On
Housing
Office of Gun Violence Prevention
21st Century Policing
Consumer Protection and Economic Opportunity
Health Care
Environmental Justice
Equality
Immigration
Children’s Rights
OpenJustice
Media
Media Center
Press Releases
Media Library
Social Media
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Careers
Career Opportunities
How to Apply
Assessments
Job Vacancies
Internships & Student Positions
Become a Special Agent
Become a Deputy Attorney General
Organization of the Office
About the Office
Legal Services Divisions
Division of Law Enforcement
California Justice Information Services (CJIS)
Administration
AG Honors Program & Geoffrey Wright Solicitor General Fellowship
Attorney General's Honors Program
Geoffrey Wright Solicitor General Fellowship
Regulations
Resources
For Businesses
Submit Data Security Breach
Privacy Resources
SB 478 - Hidden Fees
Service on the Attorney General
Office Locations / Status Updates
Laws Requiring Service on the AG
Open Government
Overview
Ballot Initiatives
Conflicts of Interest
Criminal Justice Statistics
Public Records
Publications
Grants
Grant Opportunities
Programs
Programs
See All Programs
Most Popular
Charities
Megan's Law
CURES
Service on the Attorney General
Division of Medi-Cal Fraud & Elder Abuse
Most Popular
Permits & Registrations
Prop 65 – Safe Drinking Water
Missing Persons
Data Security Breach
Human Trafficking
Appointments
Contact
Contact Us
Contact Us - En español
Contáctenos/Formularios
Service on the Attorney General
Home
Privacy
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Updated on March 13, 2024
The
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
(CCPA) gives consumers more control over the personal information that businesses collect about them and the
CCPA regulations
provide guidance on how to implement the law.  This landmark law secures new privacy rights for California consumers, including:
The
right to know
about the personal information a business collects about them and how it is used and shared;
The
right to delete
personal information collected from them (with some exceptions);
The
right to opt-out
of the sale or sharing of their personal information including via the
GPC
;
The
right to non-discrimination
for exercising their CCPA rights.
In November of 2020, California voters approved
Proposition 24, the CPRA
, which amended the CCPA and added new additional privacy protections that began on January 1, 2023. As of January 1, 2023, consumers have new rights in addition to those above, such as:
The
right to correct
inaccurate personal information that a business has about them; and
The
right to limit
the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information collected about them.
Businesses
that are subject to the CCPA have several responsibilities, including responding to consumer requests to exercise these rights and giving consumers certain
notices explaining their privacy practices
. The CCPA applies to many businesses, including
data brokers
.
CPRA amends the CCPA; it does not create a separate, new law.  As a result, our office typically refers to the law as “CCPA” or “CCPA, as amended.”
Links to Topics
A. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE CCPA
B. RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF SALE OR SHARING
C. REQUESTS TO KNOW
D. REQUESTS TO DELETE
E. REQUESTS TO CORRECT
F. REQUESTS TO LIMIT USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
G. RIGHT TO NON-DISCRIMINATION
H. REQUIRED NOTICES
I. DATA BROKERS AND THE CCPA
Other Consumer Resources on CCPA
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
These FAQs provide general consumer information about the CCPA and how you can exercise your rights under the CCPA. They are not legal advice, regulatory guidance, or an opinion of the Attorney General. We will update this information periodically.
A. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE CCPA
1. What rights do I have under the CCPA?
If you are a California resident, you may ask businesses to disclose what personal information they have about you and what they do with that information, to delete your personal information, to direct businesses not to sell or share your personal information, to correct inaccurate information that they have about you, and to limit businesses’ use and disclosure of your sensitive personal information:
Right to know
: You can request that a business disclose to you: (1) the categories and/or specific pieces of personal information they have collected about you, (2) the categories of sources for that personal information, (3) the purposes for which the business uses that information, (4) the categories of third parties with whom the business discloses the information, and (5) the categories of information that the business sells or discloses to third parties. You can make a request to know up to twice a year, free of charge.
Right to delete
: You can request that businesses delete personal information they collected from you and tell their service providers to do the same, subject to certain exceptions (such as if the business is legally required to keep the information).
Right to opt-out of sale or sharing
: You may request that businesses stop selling or sharing your personal information (“opt-out”), including via a user-enabled global privacy control. Businesses cannot sell or share your personal information after they receive your opt-out request unless you later authorize them to do so again.
Right to correct
: You may ask businesses to correct inaccurate information that they have about you.
Right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information
: You can direct businesses to only use your sensitive personal information (for example, your social security number, financial account information, your precise geolocation data, or your genetic data) for limited purposes, such as providing you with the services you requested.
You also have the right to be notified, before or at the point businesses collect your personal information, of the types of personal information they are collecting and what they may do with that information. Generally, businesses cannot discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. Businesses cannot make you waive these rights, and any contract provision that says you waive these rights is unenforceable.
2. What if I am not a California resident?
Only California residents have rights under the CCPA. A California resident is a natural person (as opposed to a corporation or other business entity) who resides in California, even if the person is temporarily outside of the state.
3. What is considered personal information and sensitive personal information under the CCPA?
Personal information
is information that identifies, relates to, or could reasonably be linked with you or your household. For example, it could include your name, social security number, email address, records of products purchased, internet browsing history, geolocation data, fingerprints, and inferences from other personal information that could create a profile about your preferences and characteristics.
Sensitive personal information
is a specific subset of personal information that includes certain government identifiers (such as social security numbers); an account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number with any required security code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account; precise geolocation; contents of mail, email, and text messages; genetic data; biometric information processed to identify a consumer; information concerning a consumer’s health, sex life, or sexual orientation; or information about racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership. Consumers have the right to also limit a business’s use and disclosure of their sensitive personal information.
Personal information does not include publicly available information (including public real estate/property records) and certain
types of information
.
4. What is not considered personal information under the CCPA?
Personal information does not include publicly available information that is from federal, state, or local government records, such as professional licenses and public real estate/property records.  The definition of publicly available information also includes information that a business has a reasonable basis to believe is lawfully made available to the general public by the consumer or from widely distributed media, or certain information disclosed by a consumer and made available if the consumer has not restricted the information to a specific audience.
The CCPA also exempts certain types of information such as certain medical information and consumer credit reporting information.
5. What businesses does the CCPA apply to?
The CCPA applies to for-profit businesses that do business in California and meet any of the following:
Have a gross annual revenue of over $25 million;
Buy, sell, or share the personal information of 100,000 or more California residents or households; or
Derive 50% or more of their annual revenue from selling California residents’ personal information.
6. Does the CCPA apply to nonprofits or government agencies?
The CCPA generally does not apply to nonprofit organizations or government agencies.
7. What can I do if I think a business violated the CCPA?
You cannot sue businesses for most CCPA violations. You can only sue a business under the CCPA if there is a data breach, and even then, only under limited circumstances. You can sue a business if your nonencrypted and nonredacted personal information was stolen in a data breach as a result of the business’s failure to maintain reasonable security procedures and practices to protect it. If this happens, you can sue for the amount of monetary damages you actually suffered from the breach or “statutory damages” of up to $750 per incident. Before suing, you must give the business written notice of which CCPA sections it violated and allow 30 days to respond in writing that it has cured the violations and that no further violations will occur. If the business is able to actually cure the violation and gives you its written statement that it has done so, you cannot sue the business, unless it continues to violate the CCPA contrary to its statement.
For all other violations of the CCPA, only the Attorney General or the California Privacy Protection Agency may take legal action against non-compliant entities. The Attorney General does not represent individual California consumers. Using consumer complaints and other information, the Attorney General may identify patterns of misconduct that may lead to investigations and actions on behalf of the collective legal interests of the people of California. If you believe a business has violated the CCPA, you may
file a consumer complaint
with the Office of the Attorney General. If you choose to file a complaint with our office, explain exactly how the business violated the CCPA, and describe when and how the violation occurred. Please note that the Attorney General cannot represent you or give you legal advice on how to resolve your individual complaint.  Starting on July 1, 2023, you also will be able to file complaints with the
California Privacy Protection Agency
for violations of the CCPA, as amended, occurring on or after that date.
8. What kind of data breach can I sue a business for under the CCPA?
You can only sue businesses under the CCPA if certain conditions are met. The type of personal information that must have been stolen is your first name (or first initial) and last name in combination with any of the following:
Your social security number
Your driver’s license number, tax identification number, passport number, military identification number, or other unique identification number issued on a government document commonly used to identify a person's identity
Your financial account number, credit card number, or debit card number if combined with any required security code, access code, or password that would allow someone access to your account
Your medical or health insurance information
Your fingerprint, retina or iris image, or other unique biometric data used to identify a person's identity (but not including photographs unless used or stored for facial recognition purposes)
This personal information must have been stolen in nonencrypted and nonredacted form. In addition, the personal information must have been stolen in a data breach as a result of the business’s failure to maintain reasonable security procedures and practices to protect it. If this happens, you can sue for the amount of monetary damages you actually suffered from the breach or “statutory damages” of up to $750 per incident. Before suing, you must give the business written notice of which CCPA sections it violated and allow 30 days to respond in writing that it has cured the violations and that no further violations will occur. If the business is able to actually cure the violation and gives you its written statement that it has done so, you cannot sue the business, unless it continues to violate the CCPA contrary to its statement.
9. Do businesses need to comply with the statutory CPRA amendments to the CCPA that went into effect on January 1, 2023?
Yes. As of January 1, 2023, the CPRA’s amendments to the CCPA are in effect, and businesses are required to comply with all express statutory requirements. Businesses are also required to comply with those CCPA regulations currently in effect.
10. Are there any CCPA regulations currently in effect?
Yes. The California Department of Justice promulgated an initial round of regulations implementing the CCPA on August 14, 2020 and further amended on March 15, 2021. Those regulations were recently updated by the California Privacy Protection Agency. These regulations appear in
Title 11, Division 6, Section 7001 et seq. of the California Code of Regulations
and were effective on March 29, 2023.
11. Are the statutory exemptions for employee data and business-to-business transactions still in effect?
No. The exemptions for employment-related personal information and personal information reflecting business-to-business transactions described in Civil Code Sec. 1798.145(m)-(n) expired on December 31, 2022.
12. Can I use an authorized agent to submit a request?
Yes.  You may authorize another person to submit a CCPA request on your behalf.  You may also authorize a business entity registered with the California Secretary of State to submit a request on your behalf.
Please note that if you use an authorized agent, businesses may require more information from either the authorized agent or from you to verify that you are the person directing the agent.  For example, for requests to know or delete your personal information, the business may require the authorized agent to provide proof that you gave that agent signed permission to submit the request.  Businesses may also require you to verify your identity directly with the business or directly confirm with the business that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Back To Top
B. RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF SALE OR SHARING
1. What is the right to opt-out?
You may request that businesses stop selling or sharing your personal information (“opt-out”).  Note that sharing refers specifically to sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising, which is the targeting of advertising to a
consumer
based on the
consumer
’s
personal information
obtained from the
consumer
’s online activity across numerous websites. With some exceptions, businesses cannot sell or share your personal information after they receive your opt-out request unless you later provide authorization allowing them to do so again. Businesses must wait at least 12 months before asking you to opt back in to the sale or sharing of your personal information.
2. Can businesses sell a child’s personal information?
Businesses can only sell the personal information of a child that they know to be under the age of 16 if they get affirmative authorization (“opt-in”) for the sale of the child’s personal information. For children under the age of 13, that opt-in must come from the child’s parent or guardian. For children who are at least 13 years old but under the age of 16, the opt-in can come from the child.
3. How do I submit my opt-out request?
Businesses that sell personal information are subject to the CCPA's requirement to provide a clear and conspicuous “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link on their website that allows you to submit an opt-out request. Businesses cannot require you to create an account in order to submit your request. Businesses also should not require you to verify your identity, though they can ask you basic questions to identify which personal information is associated with you.
You can also submit an opt-out request via a user-enabled global privacy control, like the GPC, discussed in FAQ 8 & 9 below. If you can’t find a business’s “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link, review its privacy policy to see if it sells or shares personal information. If the business does, it must also include that link in its privacy policy.
If a business’s "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" link or other designated method of submitting opt-out requests is not working or difficult to find, you may report the business to our office (
https://oag.ca.gov/contact/consumer-complaint-against-business-or-company
).
4. How long does the business have to respond to my opt-out request?
Businesses must respond as soon as feasibly possible to your request, up to a maximum of 15 business days from the date they received your request to opt-out.
5. Why is the business asking me for more information?
While businesses are not required to verify that the person submitting an opt-out request is really the consumer for whom the business has personal information, they may need to ask you for additional information to make sure they stop selling the right person’s personal information. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
6. Why did the business deny my opt-out request?
There are some exceptions to the opt-out right. Common reasons why businesses may refuse to stop selling your personal information include:
Sale or sharing is necessary for the business to comply with legal obligations, exercise legal claims or rights, or defend legal claims
The information is publicly available information, certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA.
See
Civil Code section 1798.145
for more exceptions.
If you do not know why a business denied your opt-out request, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
7. Why did I get a response that the business is a service provider that does not have to act on my request?
Many businesses use other businesses to provide services for them. For example, a retailer may contract with a payment card processor to process customer credit card transactions or a shipping company to deliver orders. These entities may qualify as “service providers” under the CCPA.
The CCPA treats service providers differently than the businesses they serve. It is the business that is responsible for responding to consumer requests.  If you submit a request to opt-out to a service provider of a business instead of the business itself, the service provider may deny the request. You must submit your request to the business itself.
If a service provider has said that it does not or cannot act on your request because it is a service provider, you may follow up to ask who the business is. However, sometimes the service provider will not be able to provide that information. You may be able to determine who the business is based on the services that the service provider provides, although sometimes this may be difficult or impossible.
8. What is the GPC?
Businesses that sell or share personal information must offer two or more methods for consumers to submit requests to opt-out of the sale of their personal information. For businesses that collect personal information from consumers online, one acceptable method for consumers to opt-out of sales or sharing is via a user-enabled global privacy control, like the
GPC
.  Developed in response to the CCPA and to enhance consumer privacy rights, the GPC is a ‘stop selling or sharing my data switch’ that is available on some internet browsers, like Mozilla Firefox, Duck Duck Go, and Brave, or as a browser extension. It is a proposed technical standard that reflects what the CCPA regulations contemplated – some consumers want a comprehensive option that broadly signals their opt-out request, as opposed to making requests on multiple websites on different browsers or devices. Opting out of the sale or sharing of personal information should be easy for consumers, and the GPC is one option for consumers who want to submit requests to opt-out of the sale or sharing of personal information via a user-enabled global privacy control. Under law, it must be honored by covered businesses as a valid consumer request to stop the sale or sharing of personal information.
To learn more about the GPC, you can also visit
https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa/gpc
9. How do I submit my opt-out request using the GPC?
To learn more about the GPC, you can visit its website
here
.  Developers have begun to innovate around the GPC and created different mechanisms for consumers, such as EFF’s
Privacy Badger
extension or the Brave Privacy Browser.
Back To Top
C. REQUESTS TO KNOW
1. What is the right to know?
You may request that businesses disclose to you what personal information they have collected, used, shared, or sold about you, and why they collected, used, shared, or sold that information. Specifically, you may request that businesses disclose:
The categories of personal information collected
Specific pieces of personal information collected
The categories of sources from which the business collected personal information
The purposes for which the business uses the personal information
The categories of third parties with whom the business shares the personal information
The categories of information that the business sells or discloses to third parties
Businesses must provide you this information for the 12-month period preceding your request. They must provide this information to you free of charge.
2. How do I submit my request to know?
Businesses must designate at least two methods for you to submit your request—for example, an email address, website form, or hard copy form. One of those methods has to be a toll-free phone number and, if the business has a website, one of those methods has to be through its website. However, if a business operates exclusively online, it only needs to provide an email address for submitting requests to know.
Businesses cannot make you create an account just to submit a request to know, but if you already have an account with the business, it may require you to submit your request through that account.
Make sure you submit your request to know through one of the business’s designated methods, which may be different from its normal customer service contact information. If you can’t find a business’s designated methods, review its privacy policy, which must include instructions on how you can submit your request.
If a business’s designated method of submitting requests to know is not working, notify the business in writing and consider submitting your request through another designated method if possible.
3. How long does the business have to respond to my request to know?
Businesses must respond to your request within 45 calendar days. They can extend that deadline by another 45 days (90 days total) if they notify you.
If you submitted a request to know and have not received any response within the timeline, check the business’s privacy policy to make sure you submitted your request through the designated way. Follow up with the business to see if the business is subject to the CCPA and to follow up on your request.
4. Why is the business asking me for more information?
Businesses must verify that the person making a request to know is the consumer about whom the business has personal information. Businesses may need to ask you for additional information for verification purposes. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
5. Why did the business deny my request to know?
There are some exceptions to the right to know. Common reasons why businesses may refuse to disclose your personal information include:
The business cannot verify your request
The request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, or the business has already provided personal information to you more than twice in a 12-month period
Businesses cannot disclose certain sensitive information, such as your social security number, financial account number, or account passwords, but they must tell you if they’re collecting that type of information
Disclosure would restrict the business’s ability to comply with legal obligations, exercise legal claims or rights, or defend legal claims
If the personal information is certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA
See
Civil Code section 1798.145
for more exceptions.
If you do not know why a business denied your request to know, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
6. Why did I get a response that the business is a service provider that does not have to act on my request?
Many businesses use other businesses to provide services for them. For example, a retailer may contract with a payment card processor to process customer credit card transactions or a shipping company to deliver orders. These entities may qualify as “service providers” under the CCPA.
The CCPA treats service providers differently than the businesses they serve. It is the business that is responsible for responding to consumer requests.  If you submit a request to know to a service provider of a business instead of the business itself, the service provider may deny the request. You must submit your request to the business itself.
If a service provider has said that it does not or cannot act on your request because it is a service provider, you may follow up to ask who the business is. However, sometimes the service provider will not be able to provide that information. You may be able to determine who the business is based on the services that the service provider provides, although sometimes this may be difficult or impossible.
Back To Top
D. REQUESTS TO DELETE
1. What is my right to delete personal information?
You may request that businesses delete personal information they collected from you and to tell their service providers to do the same. However, there are
many exceptions
(see FAQ D.5) that allow businesses to keep your personal information.
2. How do I submit my right to delete?
Review the business’s privacy policy, which must include instructions on how you can submit your request to delete.
Businesses must designate at least two methods for you to submit your request—for example, a toll-free number, email address, website form, or hard copy form. However, if a business operates exclusively online, it only needs to provide an email address for submitting requests.
Businesses cannot make you create an account just to submit a deletion request, but if you already have an account with the business, it may require you to submit your request through that account.
Make sure you submit your deletion request through one of the business’s designated methods, which may be different from its normal customer service contact information.
If a business’s designated method of submitting requests to delete is not working, notify the business in writing and consider submitting your request through another designated method if possible.
3. How long does the business have to respond to my request to delete?
Businesses must respond to your request within 45 calendar days. They can extend that deadline by another 45 days (90 days total) if they notify you.
If you submitted a request to delete and have not received any response within the timeline, check the business’s privacy policy to make sure you submitted your request through the designated way. Follow up with the business to see if the business is subject to the CCPA and to follow up on your request.
4. Why is the business asking me for more information?
Businesses must verify that the person making a request to delete is the consumer about whom the business has personal information. Businesses may need to ask you for additional information for verification purposes. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
5. Why did the business deny my request to delete?
There are exceptions to the right to delete. Common reasons why businesses may keep your personal information include:
If the information is exempt from the CCPA.  This includes:
Publicly available information (such as your address, which is often in public real estate/property records)
.  However, if you are a law enforcement officer, public official, or Safe at Home participant (available to victims of domestic violence, stalking, sexual assault, human trafficking, elder and dependent abuse, as well as reproductive health workers), you may request a website to not publicly post your address as described
here
.
Certain
types of information
such as medical information or consumer credit reporting information.
The business cannot verify your request
To complete your transaction, provide a reasonably anticipated product or service, or for certain warranty and product recall purposes
For certain business security practices
For certain internal uses that are compatible with reasonable consumer expectations or the context in which the information was provided
To comply with legal obligations, exercise legal claims or rights, or defend legal claims
If the personal information is certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA
See
Civil Code sections 1798.105(d)
and
1798.145
for more exceptions.
If you do not know why a business denied your request to delete, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
6. Why did I get a response that the business is a service provider that does not have to act on my request?
Many businesses use other businesses to provide services for them. For example, a retailer may contract with a payment card processor to process customer credit card transactions or a shipping company to deliver orders. These entities may qualify as “service providers” under the CCPA.
The CCPA treats service providers differently than the businesses they serve. It is the business that is responsible for responding to consumer requests.  If you submit a request to delete to a service provider of a business instead of the business itself, the service provider may deny the request. You must submit your request to the business itself.
If a service provider has said that it does not or cannot act on your request because it is a service provider, you may follow up to ask who the business is. However, sometimes the service provider will not be able to provide that information. You may be able to determine who the business is based on the services that the service provider provides, although sometimes this may be difficult or impossible.
7. Why is a debt collector still calling me about my debt even though I asked it to delete my information?
Creditors, collection agencies, and other debt collectors can still try to collect debts that you owe even if you asked them to delete your personal information. Learn more about debt collectors—including what they can and can’t do—
here
.
8. Why is a credit reporting agency still giving out my credit information even though I asked it to delete my information?
Credit reporting agencies like Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion can still collect and disclose your credit information, subject to regulation under the
Fair Credit Reporting Act
. Learn more about your rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act
here
. Learn more about how to check and fix your credit report
here
.
Back To Top
E. REQUESTS TO CORRECT 
 (RIGHT TO CORRECT)
1. What is the right to correct?
You may ask businesses to correct inaccurate information that they have about you.
The California Privacy Protection Agency is currently engaged in a formal rulemaking process and has
proposed CCPA regulations pertaining to the right to correct
, but these are not currently final or effective.
2.  How do I submit my request to correct?
Review the business’s privacy policy, which should include instructions on how you can submit your request to correct.
Businesses must designate at least two methods for you to submit your request—for example, a toll-free number, email address, website form, or hard copy form. However, if a business operates exclusively online, it only needs to provide an email address for submitting requests.
Businesses cannot make you create an account just to submit a correction request, but if you already have an account with the business, it may require you to submit your request through that account.
Make sure you submit your correction request through one of the business’s designated methods, which may be different from its normal customer service contact information.
If a business’s designated method of submitting requests to correct is not working, notify the business in writing and consider submitting your request through another designated method if possible.
3. How long does the business have to respond to my request to correct?
Businesses must respond to your request within 45 calendar days. They can extend that deadline by another 45 days (90 days total) if they notify you.
If you submitted a request to correct and have not received any response within the timeline, check the business’s privacy policy to make sure you submitted your request through the designated way. Follow up with the business to see if the business is subject to the CCPA and to follow up on your request.
4. Why is the business asking me for more information?
Businesses must verify that the person making a request to correct is the consumer about whom the business has personal information. Businesses may need to ask you for additional information for verification purposes. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
5. Why did the business deny my request to correct?
There are exceptions to the right to correct. Common reasons why businesses may deny your request to correct include:
The business cannot verify your identity to complete your request
The request is manifestly unfounded or excessive
The information is publicly available information, certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA
If you do not know why a business denied your request to correct, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
Back To Top
F. REQUESTS TO LIMIT USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION (RIGHT TO LIMIT)
1. What is the right to limit?
You can direct businesses to only use your sensitive personal information (for example, your social security number, financial account information, your precise geolocation data, or your genetic data) for limited purposes, such as providing you with the services you requested.
The California Privacy Protection Agency is currently engaged in a formal rulemaking process and has
proposed CCPA regulations pertaining to the right to limit
, but these are not currently final or effective.
Back To Top
G. RIGHT TO NON-DISCRIMINATION
Businesses cannot deny goods or services, charge you a different price, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services just because you exercised your rights under the CCPA.
However, if you refuse to provide your personal information to a business or ask it to delete or stop selling your personal information, and that personal information or sale is necessary for the business to provide you with goods or services, the business may not be able to complete that transaction.
Businesses can also offer you promotions, discounts and other deals in exchange for collecting, keeping, or selling your personal information. But they can only do this if the financial incentive offered is reasonably related to the value of your personal information. If you ask a business to delete or stop selling your personal information, you may not be able to continue participating in the special deals they offer in exchange for personal information. If you are not sure how your request may affect your participation in a special offer, ask the business.
Back To Top
H. REQUIRED NOTICES
1. What is a notice at collection?
The CCPA requires businesses to give consumers certain information in a “notice at collection.” A notice at collection must list the categories of personal information businesses collect about consumers and the purposes for which they use the categories of information. (To find out how you can learn what specific information a business has collected about you, see the
Right to Know section
.)  If the business sells consumers’ personal information, then the notice at collection must include a
Do Not Sell or Share link
. The notice must also contain a link to the business’s privacy policy, where consumers can get a fuller description of the business’s privacy practices and of their privacy rights.
2. Where can I find a business’s notice at collection?
This notice must be provided
at or before
the point at which the business collects your personal information. For example, you might find a link to the notice at collection on a website’s homepage and on a webpage where you place an order or enter your personal information for another reason. On a mobile app, you might find a link to the notice in the settings menu. In a retail store, you might find the notice on a printed form used to collect your personal information.
3. What is a privacy policy?
A business’s privacy policy is a written statement that gives a broad picture of its online and offline practices for the collection, use, sharing, and sale of consumers’ personal information. The CCPA requires business privacy policies to include information on consumers’ privacy rights and how to exercise them: the
Right to Know
, the
Right to Delete
, the
Right to Opt-Out of Sale
, the
the Right to Correct
, the
the Right to Limit
, and the
Right to Non-Discrimination
.
4. Where can I find a business’s privacy policy?
Most businesses post their privacy policy on their websites. A link to it can usually be found at the bottom of the homepage and other webpages. The link’s title may include “Privacy” or “California Privacy Rights.” In a mobile app, the privacy policy may be linked on the download page for the app or in the app’s settings menu.
Back To Top
I. DATA BROKERS AND THE CCPA
1. What is a data broker?
Another California law,
Civil Code section 1798.99.80
, defines a data broker as “a business that knowingly collects and sells to third parties the personal information of a consumer with whom the business does not have a direct relationship.” This law exempts certain businesses that are regulated by other laws from this definition. Exempted businesses include consumer reporting agencies (commonly known as credit bureaus) and certain financial institutions and insurance companies.
Data brokers collect information about consumers from many sources including websites, other businesses, and public records. The data broker analyzes and packages the data for sale to other businesses.
2. How can I find data brokers that collect and sell my personal information?
The
California law on data brokers
requires data brokers covered by the law to register with the Attorney General and to provide certain information on their practices. The Data Broker Registry can be found on the Attorney General’s website at
https://oag.ca.gov/data-brokers
.
Data brokers are subject to the CCPA. On the Data Broker Registry website, you will find contact information and a website link for each registered data broker, as well as additional information to help you exercise your CCPA rights.
3. How can I stop a data broker from selling my personal information?
You can click on the “View Full Submission” link on the
Data Broker Registry
to get instructions on how to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. However, you may not be able to stop the sale of all of your information. The CCPA’s definition of “personal information” does not include information lawfully made available from government records, which are often sources used by data brokers.
You can also go to a data broker’s website through the link posted on the Registry and find the broker’s privacy policy to learn more about its privacy practices and how to exercise your CCPA rights.
Back To Top
Other Consumer Resources on CCPA
California Privacy Protection Agency’s FAQ on the CCPA
Consumer-Action.org
Take action! Exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act
Back To Top
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Home
CCPA Enforcement Case Examples
File a Complaint
CCPA Regulations
CCPA Opt-Out Icon
Preliminary Rulemaking Activities
Global Privacy Control (GPC)
Privacy and Data Security
Privacy and Data Security Home
Business Privacy Resources
California Consumer Privacy Act
Consumer Privacy Resources
Data Breaches
Identity Theft
Privacy Enforcement Actions
Report a Breach
Protecting Children Online
Resources for Law Enforcement
Special Protection
Data Brokers
Data Broker Listing
Original text
Rate this translation
Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate