Apps
Euchre 3D
Hearts+
Spades+
Solitaire+؜
Euchre 3D
Hearts +
Spades +
Solitaire+
About Us
Contact
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 12/16/24
A-Star Software LLC ("
us
", "
we
", or "
our
") operates the Euchre 3D, Spades+, Hearts+, and Solitaire+ mobile applications (the "
Service
").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Data when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your Personal Data without your consent.
I. Personal Data Collection and Purposes
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows:
Identity Data
includes first name, last name, and username or similar identifier.
Contact Data
includes your physical address and email address.
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, device type and version, device identifiers, time zone setting and location, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access the mobile applications and this website.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our Service.
Friend Data
includes information about friends that you have provided by logging into our mobile applications with a social media account.
This data collectively constitutes the "
Personal Data
" we collect from you.
We also collect, use and share anonymized aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated data may be derived from your Personal Data but is not considered Personal Data as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. Aggregated Data may be used for third-party marketing purposes.
II. How Your Personal Data is Collected
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions.
You may give us your Personal Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes Personal Data you provide when you:
create an account in our mobile applications;
subscribe to the Service;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
give us some feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions.
As you interact with our website and mobile applications, we may automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this Personal Data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies.
Log Data.
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Third-Party Services.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Yahoo Flurry and Fabric that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Service's functionality. These third-party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, your location information and other statistics.
Cookies.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and transferred to your device. We use cookies to collect information in order to improve our services for you.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The Help feature on most browsers provide information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when receiving a new cookie.
If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our Service and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Do Not Track Disclosure.
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Service Providers.
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services and/or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform specific tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other purpose.
III. Compliance with Laws
We will disclose your Personal Data where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Service.
IV. Business Transaction
If A-Star Software LLC is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred as a business asset. In such cases, we will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and/or becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
V. Security
The security of your Personal Data is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.
However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure, and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the Personal Data we have collected from you.
VI. Data Deletion
You can delete your multiplayer account by opening multiplayer, going to "Account", and then selecting "Delete Account". 
		This will remove your account and delete all personal information. Certain non-personal data, like tokens and rating, 
		will be saved in an anonymized form and can be restored only if you choose to re-create your account by opening Multiplayer again.
You have the right to request that we delete certain personal information we have collected from you. 
		You can delete your multiplayer account and any other personal data we have collected by sending us a personal data deletion request, via email at
support+delete@astarsoftware.com
.
VII. International Transfer
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
VIII. For Residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia
Residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia have certain choices regarding your personal information, as described below.
Access: You have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, that we disclose to you the personal information we have collected, used, disclosed and sold about you during the past 12 months.
Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete certain personal information we have collected from you.
Opt-Out of Sale: You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.
To exercise any of these rights, you may go to the “Help” screen in the app and select “Do Not Sell My Info”, where the appropriate instructions will appear.
IX. For Residents of the European Union (“EU”) – General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use and share your Personal Data. 
		If you are a resident of the EU, you are subject to the GDPR, which becomes effective on May 25, 2018, and the following terms also apply to you. 
		We are the Controller and responsible for your Personal Data.
Lawful Bases to Process Your Personal Data
This Privacy Policy describes above the Personal Data we collect from you and how we use it. We will only use your Personal Data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your Personal Data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us
support+access@astarsoftware.com
.
Specifically, we have a lawful basis for processing each type of Personal Data described in this Privacy Policy, which are as follows. We collect Identity Data and Contact for the purpose of providing the Service, identifying and communicating with you, and responding to your requests/inquiries, all of which is necessary for the performance of a contract with you to provide the Service. We also collect this information for improving our services, which is necessary for our legitimate interests to study how users use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy. We collect Technical Data and Usage Data for our legitimate interests in improving the Service, running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganization or restructuring. We collect Friend Data for the purpose of allowing you to find and connect with your friends in our mobile applications.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (
		this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
Note that we may process your Personal Data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us
support+access@astarsoftware.com
if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your Personal Data where more than one ground has been set out forth in this Privacy Policy.
We may have to share your Personal Data with the parties set out below for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
External Third Parties
Service providers acting as processors based in the United States who provide advertising services, multiplayer services, IT and administrative services.
Professional advisers acting as processors including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the United States who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your Personal Data in the same way as set out in this Privacy Policy.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your Personal Data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your Personal Data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your Personal Data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
International Processing
We are based in the United States, which is where all of your data will be processed.
Data Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your Personal Data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your Personal Data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your Personal Data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. 
		 We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected Personal Data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data Retention
We will only retain your Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. 
		To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Data, the purposes for which we process your Personal Data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
		 In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data. 
		In some circumstances we may anonymize your Personal Data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
UNDER THE GDPR
Under certain circumstances, EU residents have rights under data protection laws in relation to their Personal Data. If you are an EU resident, you have the right to:
Request access
to your Personal Data. This enables you to receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the Personal Data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure
of your Personal Data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove Personal Data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your Personal Data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
of your Personal Data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing
of your Personal Data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your Personal Data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer
of your Personal Data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time
where we are relying on consent to process your Personal Data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please 
		contact us at
support+access@astarsoftware.com
. You will not have to pay a fee to access your Personal Data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
		 We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your Personal Data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that Personal Data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
		 We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
X. Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
XI. Children's Privacy
Only persons age 18 or older have permission to access our Service. Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 16 ("Children"). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from Children. If you are a parent or guardian and you learn that your Children have provided us with Personal Data, please contact us at
support+access@astarsoftware.com
. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from Children without verification of parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.
XII. Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 5/27/2020 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on our website.
XIII. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or wish to inquire about your Personal Data, please contact us
support+access@astarsoftware.com
.
A-Star Software, LLC
500 Westover Dr #6745
Sanford, NC 27330