Privacy Policy
http://zurapps.com/all/index.php/privacy-policy/
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://zurapps.com/all/index.php/privacy-policy/:
Home
Creative, Useful Apps for Mac and iOS
Interactive, Educational iOS Apps
Road Tripper
Organize your trips directly on the map
by adding the places you wish to visit
MathPad
Create Mathematical Documents
with MathPad for Mac and / or iOS
ZurApps Research is a mobile app development company focusing on iOS and Mac application development of creative, useful, interactive, and educational apps.
Like us on Facebook!
Follow us on Twitter!
Subscribe to our YouTube Channel!
Interactive, Educational Apps for Mac and iOS!
Talking apps with several interactive elements that reinforce learning and add excitement!
Without in-app purchases, without data collection, without advertising!
A wonderful collection of modern games.
Brain Practice
Bubble Danger
Fizz
Review of Brain Practice from Free Apps For Me
Do you want to boost your memory? In this case, we have found an excellent solution for you!
Brain Practice app is an interactive game that allows you to train your brain with a help of a card deck.
So, let’s find out why this game is so special.
Click to read more
Creative, Useful Apps for Mac and iOS!
Road Tripper
Organize your trip on either
Google Maps
or
Apple Maps
by adding the places you wish to visit.
MathPad
Create documents and presentations with mathematical expressions on your
iPad
or
Mac
.
We are happy to announce that
Road Tripper
has been awarded a special Recommendation badge for Mac applications by Free Download Manager according to the users’ reviews!
We are happy to announce that
Road Tripper
has been awarded a special Recommendation badge for Mac applications by Mac Informer!
What Others Are Saying About Us!
This app makes it so much easier to explore a city, particularly one you’ve not been in. You can plot every place you are interested in going and their location relative to one another on a map with information on each. You can place the location by address or place name, and color code each icon and also determine distances. It is the first app I use when traveling.
Road Tripper
Avid Traveler
This is a great little app! Had my 7 year old telling time in about 20 minutes while having fun! They earn star rewards when they get the answers right which is always a plus for kids to visually see they are doing a good job.
Kids Tell Time
Doting Mother
This app is amazing. Simple and easy to use, yet flexible. Allows me to load in possible destinations on a map as I read my travel guide, and then plan out an itinerary using the visual references they provide. Thanks Road Tripper!
Road Tripper
Travel Star
My kids enjoy your app very much and I purchased an extension so that they learn numbers and colors.
Find + Learn
Awesome Parent
This is a great product which provides functions not found elsewhere, such as the facility to show an optimized route around multiple way-points. This is a problem that delivery drivers and sales reps face everyday!
Road Tripper
#1 Sales Rep
Awesome, easy-to-use app to plan your own custom route road trips. I use it for Harley rides and Jeep trips. Works great.
Road Tripper
Road Trip Guru
ZurApps Blog
Kids Tell Time is a fun, educational app for kids to learn how to tell time on an analog clock face. Available for the iPhone, iPod or iPad, Kids Tell Time can be downloaded in the App Store. Kids Tell Time was featured as one of the 5 parent and kid-friendly apps to help get […]
Read more
https://zurapps.com/all/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/feat-app.png
768
768
Jennifer
http://zurapps.com/all/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/logoOriginal200x100.png
Jennifer
2015-08-04 15:26:36
2015-08-05 15:08:49
Kids Can Learn To Tell Time With Kids Tell Time
Scroll to top