Selected Value
Legal Notices
eFax Customer Agreement
eFax Corp Customer Agreement
eFax Privacy Policy
Report Spam
Letter of Agency
Accessibility Policy
Legal Notices
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE
The materials on this website (the “site”) are provided by Consensus Cloud Solutions Inc. or its subsidiaries (“Consensus”) as a service to its customers and may be used for informational purposes only. Single copies may be downloaded subject to the provisions below. By downloading any materials from this site, you agree to these terms. If you do not agree to them, do not use the site or download any materials from it.
TRADEMARK INFORMATION
Consensus Cloud Solutions, Consensus, eFax, eFax Free, eFax Plus, eFax Pro, eFax Messenger, Electric Mail,  jConnect, jConnect Premier, jConnect Free, JFAX, among others, are trademarks or registered trademarks of Consensus Cloud Solutions Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries.
Use of the terms “an efax”, “efax it”, “to efax”, “efaxed”, and “efaxing” to describe the service/act of sending or receiving a facsimile in a digital format is strictly prohibited as an infringement of Consensus’ trademark. Consensus is engaged in an ongoing campaign to convince the public that EFAX should not be used as anything other than to describe Consensus’ “EFAX” service and not in any of the manners described above. To this end, the company has written to publications and companies that have used EFAX in an improper manner and continues to diligently protect this trademark.
Consensus’ trademarks may be used publicly only with permission from Consensus. Fair use of Consensus’ trademarks in advertising, and promotion of Consensus products, requires proper acknowledgment.
PATENT PROTECTION
Consensus’ services are protected by one or more of the following U.S. patents and other patents pending: 6,208,638; 6,073,165; 6,597,688; 7,020,132; 6,717,938; 6,999,478; 6,625,642; 6,549,612; 5,675,507; 5,870,549; 6,350,066; 6,564,321; 5,291,302; 5,459,584; 6,643,034; 6,735,021; 6,023,345; 6,025,931; 6,693,729; 6,707,580; 6,857,007; 5,461,488; 6,564,193; 7,480,065; 7,474,432; 5,841,966; 6,816,834.
SINGLE-COPY LICENSE
The materials are copyrighted; and any unauthorized use of any materials at this Site may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. Regarding information or software (“Materials”) found on Consensus websites, you may download one copy, on a single computer, for your personal, non-commercial use only, unless specifically licensed to do so, in writing, by Consensus- or as allowed by any license terms which accompany, or are provided with, individual Materials. This is a license, not a transfer of title, and is subject to the following restrictions. You may not:
…modify the Materials or use them for any commercial purposes, public display, performance, sale or rental.
…decompile, reverse-engineer software Materials except, and only, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
…remove any copyright or other proprietary notices from the Materials.
…transfer the Materials to another person. You agree to prevent any unauthorized copying of the Materials.
OWNERSHIP OF MATERIALS
Materials are copyrighted and are protected by worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions. They may not be copied, reproduced, modified, published, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, without Consensus’ prior written permission. Except as expressly provided herein, Consensus and its suppliers do not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade-secret information. Other rights may be granted to you by Consensus in writing or incorporated elsewhere in the Materials.
TERMINATION OF THIS LICENSE
Consensus may terminate this license at any time if you are in breach of the terms of this Agreement. Upon termination, you will immediately destroy the Materials.
LINKS
Links provided on this site are provided solely as a convenience to you; and the provision of any such link does not constitute our endorsement of that site, or its provider, or of any of the content, products, or services contained or offered therein. Your use of each of those sites is subject to the conditions, if any, that each of those sites has posted. You agree that we are not responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, decency, or any other aspect of the contents, products, services or any transmissions received through such sites. You further agree that we have no liability whatsoever from such third-party sites and your usage of them.
DISCLAIMER
THE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL CONSENSUS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE MATERIALS, EVEN IF CONSENSUS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS PROHIBIT THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Consensus and its suppliers further do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links or other items contained within these materials. Consensus may make changes to these materials, or to the products described therein, at any time without notice. Consensus makes no commitment to update the Materials.
eFax Plus, Pro & Protect Customer Agreement
Effective August 1, 2023 for current users, and upon acceptance for new users.
This Agreement is between you (“you” or “your”), as an authorized user of the Services (as defined below), and Consensus Cloud Solutions, LLC (“Consensus US”), a Delaware limited liability company, and/or Consensus Cloud Solutions International Ltd. (“Consensus Ireland”), an Irish corporation, and/or J2 Global ANZ Limited, an Irish corporation, (“Consensus ANZ”), an Irish corporation, (“Consensus ANZ”), and/or J2 Global Japan Y.K. (Consensus Japan) (each, the “Company”), as specified in the following paragraph, and governs the terms and conditions of your use of the Services. By using the Services, you further confirm your acceptance of and agree to be bound by this Agreement.
Your Services are provided to you; and you are legally a customer of (i) Consensus US, if you are issued a Service telephone number that is local to the U.S. or Latin America and (ii) Consensus Ireland, if you are issued a Service telephone number that is local to Canada, United Kingdom and/or European Union and (iii) Consensus ANZ, if you are issued a Service telephone number that is local to Australia and/or New Zealand and (iv) Consensus Japan, if you are issued a Service telephone number local to Japan.
This Agreement includes the terms of this Customer Agreement together with any operating rules, policies, price schedules or other supplemental documents expressly incorporated herein by reference and published from time to time by the Company. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Company and you regarding the Services, and supersedes all prior oral and written communications and agreements between you and the Company regarding the subject matter of this Agreement. However, your use of any software provided by the Company related to the Services shall be pursuant to a separate agreement governing use by you of such software.
For purposes of this Agreement, the “Services” include the eFax
®
service and all other services described in this Agreement which are provided by the Company to you either now or in the future.
For Canadian Customers: Please note that when you place an order to purchase on the eFax Website (as defined herein), it constitutes an offer to purchase and remains subject to the Company’s acceptance. Goods or services listed or described on the eFax
®
Website constitute an invitation to make an offer to purchase.
If you begin, but fail to complete, the sign-up process for the Services, the Company may contact you in an effort to help you sign up for the Services or another service of the Company or its affiliates. You hereby authorize the Company and its affiliates to make such contact, even if you ultimately determine not to sign up for any Company or affiliate service.
Contents
Services Description
eFax Service Usage Terms
Fax Storage
Searchable Faxes
Email Capabilities
Large File Send
Privacy Policy
Customer Responsibilities
Unsolicited Fax Advertisement/ Spam Drop-Box Policy
Termination
Customer Representations
Modifications to Customer Agreement
Modifications to the Services
Member Account, PIN/ Password and Security
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
Charges
Termination for Non-Payment
Ownership
Rules Regarding eFax Numbers
Indemnification
No Resale Of The Services
Notices; Consent
General Terms
Legal Notices
Agreement to Arbitrate All Disputes
Terms of the Agreement.
1. Services Description
The Company offers the Services at its website www.eFax.com (together with other websites owned and operated by the Company, the “eFax Website”). Individually, the Services are:
eFax Pro
™
-Designed for higher volume Internet fax use and includes but is not limited to: (i) a personal geographical or toll-free telephone number (an “eFax Number”) that provides for the delivery of faxes to email, the eFax
®
Website or software applications provided by the Company; and (ii) outbound faxing from email, the eFax Website or software applications provided by the Company.
eFax Plus
®
-Includes but is not limited to: (i) an eFax Number that provides for the delivery of faxes to email, the eFax
®
Website or software applications provided by the Company in volumes greater than the eFax Free service described below; and (ii) outbound faxing from email, the eFax Website or software applications provided by the Company.
eFax Protect – An email notification is sent upon receipt of a fax, which contains a secure link to access the fax from a secure 128 SSL bit encrypted storage Inbox dedicated for that telephone number. Includes but is not limited to: (i) an eFax Number that provides for the delivery of faxes to the eFax
®
Website or software applications provided by the Company and (ii) outbound faxing from email, the eFax Website or software applications provided by the Company.
eFax Free
®
-Includes but is not limited to a geographic, remote eFax Number that provides for the delivery of a limited number of faxes to email, the eFax
®
Website or software applications provided by the Company.
Various other services and features included in the eFax Pro
™
, eFax Plus
®
, eFax Free
®
, and eFax Protect services as described further in this Agreement.
« Back to top
2. eFax Service Usage Terms
(a) Usage terms for the various tiers of eFax service are as follows:
(1) eFax Pro:
If you registered for the eFax Pro service on or after May 31, 2011:
Unless you registered for a different plan on the eFax website, through an application, or with a Sales Representative, you may receive up to 200 fax pages (inbound) and may send up to 200 fax pages (outbound) within any thirty (30) day period, regardless of whether you are issued a local or a toll-free eFax Number. Faxes received in excess of the inbound 200-page limit are charged at $0.10 (or the local currency equivalent) per page, and faxes sent in excess of the outbound 200-page limit are charged at the applicable per-page rate listed at
https://ww2.efax.com/fax-send-rate
. See paragraph (b) below for the definition of a fax page.
If you registered for the eFax Pro service prior to May 31, 2011:
If you were issued a local (non-toll free) eFax Number, you may receive up to 200 fax pages (inbound) within any thirty (30) day period. Faxes received in excess of the inbound 200-page limit are charged at $0.10 (or the local currency equivalent) per page. Faxes sent (outbound) are charged at the applicable per-page rate listed at the eFax Website starting with the first page sent. See paragraph (b) below for the definition of a fax page.
If you were issued a toll-free eFax Number, you will be charged $0.20 (or the local currency equivalent) per page received (inbound) starting with the first page received and will be charged the greater of $0.20 or the applicable per-page rate listed at the eFax Website for each page sent (outbound) starting with the first page sent. See paragraph (b) below for the definition of a fax page.
(2) eFax Plus:
If you registered for the eFax Plus service on or after May 31, 2011:
Unless you registered for a different plan on the eFax website, through an application, or with a Sales Representative, you may receive up to 150 fax pages (inbound) and may send up to 150 fax pages (outbound) within any thirty (30) day period, regardless of whether you are issued a local or a toll-free eFax Number. Faxes received in excess of the inbound 150-page limit are charged at $0.10 (or the local currency equivalent) per page, and faxes sent in excess of the outbound 150-page limit are charged at the applicable per-page rate listed at the eFax Website. See paragraph (b) below for the definition of a fax page.
If you registered for the eFax Plus service prior to May 31, 2011:
If you were issued a local (non-toll-free) eFax Number, you may receive up to 130 fax pages (inbound) and may send up to 30 fax pages (outbound) within any thirty (30) day period. Faxes received in excess of the inbound 130-page limit are charged at $0.15 (or the local currency equivalent) per page, and faxes sent in excess of the outbound 30-page limit are charged at the applicable per page rate listed at the eFax Website. See paragraph (b) below for the definition of a fax page.
If you were issued a toll-free eFax Number, you will be charged $0.20 (or the local currency equivalent) per page received (inbound) starting with the first page received and will be charged the greater of $0.20 or the applicable per page rate listed at the eFax Website for each page sent (outbound), starting with the first page sent. See paragraph (b) below for the definition of a fax page.
(b) Definition of Fax Page and Associated Terms:
Fax Duration Calculation
Most fax pages take less than sixty (60) seconds to transmit. However, for each transmission, the number of pages sent or received is calculated based on the greater of the actual number of pages or the number of full and partial 60-second increments of transmission or connection time, whether or not the transmission occurs or is completed (such as instances when someone answers the call or transmission is interrupted before completion). For example, a one-page fax with a transmission duration of 30 seconds is recognized as one page; and a one-page fax with a transmission duration of one minute and six seconds is recognized as two pages.
Outbound Page Calculations – Use Gift Pages or Service Credit
The number of outbound fax pages referenced in paragraph (a) of this Section 2, as included in the tiers of eFax service, is administered by applying a monthly outbound usage credit to your account and assumes that each outbound page is sent to a destination with an applicable per page rate of $0.10 (or the local currency equivalent). Therefore, your number of included outbound fax pages for a given thirty (30) day period may be less than the number specified for your tier of eFax service referenced in paragraph (a) of this Section 2 if you send to destinations with applicable per-page usage rates in excess of $0.10 per fax page. For example, if your service tier includes 150 outbound fax pages per thirty (30) day period, then an outbound service credit of $15.00 (or the local currency equivalent) will be applied to your account. If you send a five-page fax to a destination with an applicable per-page usage rate of $0.10, then your usage credit will decrease by $0.50 to $14.50. If you then send a five-page fax to a destination with an applicable per-page usage rate of $0.20, then your usage credit will decrease by an additional $1.00 to $13.50.
Unused inbound or outbound Services credits are valid in the month issued and expire at the conclusion of each applicable thirty (30) day period. Inbound or outbound Services credits have no cash value. Such credits do not roll over to the next thirty (30) day period, and you will receive no cash refund in the event any unused inbound or outbound Services credits remain in your account upon termination or closure of your account.
(3) a. eFax Protect:
Unless you registered for a different plan on the eFax website, through an application, or with a Sales Representative, you may receive up to 200 fax pages (inbound) and may send up to 100 fax pages (outbound) within any thirty (30) day period, regardless of whether you are issued a local or a toll-free eFax Number. Faxes received in excess of the inbound 200-page limit are charged at $0.16 (or the local currency equivalent) per page, and faxes sent in excess of the outbound 100-page limit are charged at $0.16 (or the local currency equivalent) per page. See paragraph (b) below for the definition of a fax page.
For inbound faxes
, eFax Protect allows customers to access their faxes using one or more of the following options:
MyPortal Message Center
eFax Messenger Desktop Application
Mobile App
For outbound faxes
, only the following mechanisms provide encrypted transmission when sending a fax thru eFax Protect
MyPortal web application
eFax Messenger Desktop Application
Mobile App
The above Inbound and Outbound options require user or application level authentication. Customers may also download faxes from above services, however once the fax is downloaded,
it is outside the scope of the eFax Protect product.
If subscribed to the eFax Protect plan, downloaded faxes will be in searchable PDF format. Searchable PDFs will have the ability to have their text content searched. Searchable PDFs are only available on the eFax Protect plan.
If you were issued a toll-free eFax Number, you will be charged $0.16 (or the local currency equivalent) per page received (inbound) starting with the first page received and will be charged the greater of $0.16 or the applicable per page rate listed at the eFax Website for each page sent (outbound), starting with the first page sent. See paragraph (b) below for the definition of a fax page.
(b) Definition of Fax Page and Associated Terms:
Fax Duration Calculation
Most fax pages take less than sixty (60) seconds to transmit. However, for each transmission, the number of pages sent or received is calculated based on the greater of the actual number of pages or the number of full and partial 60-second increments of transmission or connection time, whether or not the transmission occurs or is completed (such as instances when someone answers the call or transmission is interrupted before completion). For example, a one-page fax with a transmission duration of 30 seconds is recognized as one page; and a one-page fax with a transmission duration of one minute and six seconds is recognized as two pages.
Outbound Page Calculations – Use Gift Pages or Service Credit
The number of outbound fax pages referenced in paragraph (a) of this Section 2, as included in the tiers of eFax service, is administered by applying a monthly outbound usage credit to your account and assumes that each outbound page is sent to a destination with an applicable per page rate of $0.16 (or the local currency equivalent). Therefore, your number of included outbound fax pages for a given thirty (30) day period may be less than the number specified for your tier of eFax service referenced in paragraph (a) of this Section 2 if you send to destinations with applicable per-page usage rates in excess of $0.16 per fax page. For example, if your service tier includes 150 outbound fax pages per thirty (30) day period, then an outbound service credit of $15.00 (or the local currency equivalent) will be applied to your account. If you send a five-page fax to a destination with an applicable per-page usage rate of $0.16, then your usage credit will decrease by $0.50 to $14.50. If you then send a five-page fax to a destination with an applicable per-page usage rate of $0.20, then your usage credit will decrease by an additional $1.00 to $13.50.
Unused inbound or outbound Services credits are valid in the month issued and expire at the conclusion of each applicable thirty (30) day period. Inbound or outbound Services credits have no cash value. Such credits do not roll over to the next thirty (30) day period, and you will receive no cash refund in the event any unused inbound or outbound Services credits remain in your account upon termination or closure of your account.
(3) b. eFax Free Service-Usage Terms
If you registered for the eFax Free service via version 4.1 or higher of the eFax mobile phone fax app, you may send up to ten (10) fax pages (outbound) for a period of thirty (30) days from the date of your registration (the “eFax Free Send Period”). You may not send faxes using the eFax Free service beyond the eFax Free Send Period.
You may receive up to 10 fax pages (inbound) within any thirty (30) day period. Your eFax Number is not local to your location and is selected by the Company in its discretion. You will not be able to select or change your eFax Number unless you upgrade to an eFax Pro, eFax Protect, or eFax Plus account.
The Company provides the eFax Free service as an accommodation to you and reserves the right to terminate your eFax Free service at any time without notice.
In the event you receive more than ten (10) fax pages in any thirty (30) day period, or send more than ten (10) fax pages during the eFax Free Send Period, the Company, in its sole discretion, may offer to upgrade you to an eFax Pro or eFax Plus account or may terminate or suspend your eFax Free account with or without notice. Any failure by the Company to enforce the eFax Free fax page limits will not preclude the Company from later enforcing such limits, whether for past or current activity.
Unused inbound Services credits are valid in the month issued and expire at the conclusion of each applicable thirty (30) day period. Inbound Services credits have no cash value. Such credits do not roll over to the next thirty (30) day period, and you will receive no cash refund in the event any unused inbound Services credits remain in your eFax Free account upon termination or closure of your eFax Free account. The eFax Free fax page limitations may not be applicable with respect to eFax Numbers located in the following countries with the following prefixes, and any other eFax Numbers, as determined by the Company in its discretion:
Austria: (0) 820
Belgium: (0) 70
France: (0) 820, (0) 821, (0) 825 or (0) 0826
Germany: (0) 1805
Ireland: (0) 818
Italy: (0) 199
Netherlands: (0) 84
United Kingdom: (0) 70
Each customer, whether an individual or company, is limited to a single eFax Free account. If you or your company desire more than one eFax Number, then you must, and you agree to, upgrade to an eFax Pro, eFax Protect, eFax Plus account.
Notwithstanding our Privacy Policy, the Company has the right to disclose your email address to the owner of the website domain associated with your email address in order to monitor compliance with, and enforce, the eFax Free service limitations. In addition, the Company is permitted to audit your use of the eFax Free service and any associated software by providing no less than five (5) days prior written notice of its intention to conduct such an audit at your facilities during normal business hours. If the Company ultimately determines, in its sole discretion and whether or not it has conducted an audit, that you have violated the foregoing limitations on the eFax Free service or any associated software, the Company reserves the right to immediately terminate or suspend your Services. You agree to pay the Company the amount you would have been required to pay for eFax Plus during the period of your non-compliance with the eFax Free service limits specified herein, plus the Company’s cost of conducting any audits that, in the Company’s sole discretion, reveal non-compliance.
« Back to top
3. Fax Storage
While your account is active, fax messages received via your eFax Number will be stored and displayed in your eFax Message Center for a limited time, not to exceed 12 months for eFax Pro or eFax Plus services. If you are subscribed to the eFax Pro or eFax Plus service, you may choose to disable this feature by adjusting your user preferences. If you are subscribed to the eFax Free service, storage is limited to thirty (30) days after the fax is received.
If you are subscribed to the eFax Protect service, while your account is active, fax messages received via your eFax Number will be stored and displayed in your eFax Message Center for a limited time not to exceed 84 months.
Regardless of your level of service, you acknowledge that the Company may cease offering this feature or change its practices and/or limitations concerning this feature at anytime, including, without limitation, changing the maximum number of days that fax messages will be retained, the maximum number of messages stored at any one time and the maximum storage space allotted on the Company’s servers on your behalf. You further agree that the Company has no responsibility or liability whatsoever for any failure or malfunction of this feature, whether or not such failure prevents you from utilizing the feature, including but not limited to the storage or deletion of any faxes.
Upon account closure, all faxes connected with your account (including those stored in the eFax Message Center) will be immediately and permanently deleted. You agree that the Company has no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the foregoing.
« Back to top
4. Searchable Faxes
The Company will scan, perform optical character recognition and index the text of fax messages received via your eFax Number. The indexed text of these faxes will be searchable in your eFax Message Center for as long as the faxes are stored there. You acknowledge that the Company, at any time, may cease offering this feature, or change its practices, and/or apply limitations concerning this feature at any time. You further agree that the Company has no responsibility or liability whatsoever for any failure or malfunction of this feature, whether or not such failure prevents you from utilizing the feature, including but not limited to the searching, or indexing of, or failure to search or index, any faxes.
« Back to top
5. Email Capabilities
You will receive a free www.123mail.net email account, which can be accessed online through the eFax Message Center.
If you are an eFax Pro, eFax Protect, eFax Plus customer, your email service will include greater storage than accounts issued to eFax Free subscribers and will also include spam filtering and virus scanning which is not offered to email accounts issued to eFax Free subscribers.
You acknowledge and agree that the Company has no responsibility or liability whatsoever for your use of this email feature and that the Company may discontinue or change the terms under which this email feature is provided to you at any time, including and without limitation: changes in the maximum size of emails that may be received, changes in the maximum storage space available for email storage and changes to or elimination of, spam filtering or virus scanning.
By using this feature, you acknowledge and agree: (i) to assume sole responsibility for the content of any emails transmitted; and (ii) to assume any liability arising from your transmission of, and/or any third party’s receipt of, your emails.
The Company disclaims any liability or responsibility for any failure or malfunction of this feature, whether or not such failure prevents you from utilizing the feature, including but not limited to: an error in the email transmission or receipt process; deletion of or failure to store any emails; non-receipt of emails; broken or non-functional links to emails; any viruses received through this feature.
In the event that the Company, in its sole discretion, determines or suspects that any emails sent or received through this feature constitute, or may give rise to, a violation of any law or regulation or this Agreement, or you are otherwise in breach of any provision of this Agreement, the Company reserves the right to remove your emails and/or to deactivate links to emails without further notice to you.
« Back to top
6. Large File Send
You are provided a feature that enables you to provide third parties access over the Internet to files that are too large to send by email (“Large File Send”). Large File Send is available through the eFax MyPortal Website upon login. Files can be uploaded; recipient email addresses, added; and upon submission, recipients receive an email with a link to access the transmitted files.
Features of Large File Send vary by tier of eFax service as follows:
eFax Pro, eFax Protect, and eFax Plus Subscribers: You may upload a maximum of three cumulative gigabytes per each Large File Send submission (in a single file, or a combination of multiple files). You may designate multiple recipients per submission. After submission, the system will email your recipients a link to the uploaded files. You may only access the uploaded files if you designate yourself as a recipient. Each recipient may download the transmitted file(s) a maximum of five (5) times over a period of ninety (90) days from your original submission.
You acknowledge and agree that Large File Send is provided to you as a convenience only. Furthermore, you acknowledge that links to files uploaded through Large File Send are public and non-secure, in that such links may be forwarded freely to any third party by your designated recipients, or forwarded by other third parties whom you did not designate. For that reason, the Company assumes no responsibility for the security, confidentiality or privacy of files uploaded via this feature.
By using this feature, you acknowledge and agree: (i) to assume sole responsibility for the content of any files uploaded, hosted and/or transmitted; and (ii) to assume any liability arising from your transmission of, and/or any third party’s receipt of, your uploaded files, even if you did not designate the recipient in your original Large File Send submission.
The Company further disclaims any liability or responsibility for any failure or malfunction of this feature, whether or not such failure prevents you from utilizing the feature, including but not limited to: an error in the Large File Send submission process; deletion of or failure to store any uploaded files; non-receipt of requested notification emails; broken or non-functional links to files that you may have uploaded; or rejection of your files for any reason, including due to a virus in one of your files.
The Company may discontinue or change the terms under which this feature is provided to you at any time, including and without limitation: changes in the maximum number of days that uploaded files are retained, the maximum cumulative upload size of each submission, the maximum number of uploaded files stored at any one time; and/or the maximum storage space that will be allotted on the Company’s servers to store your uploaded files.
In the event that the Company, in its sole discretion, determines or suspects that any uploaded file(s) constitute(s), or may give rise to, a violation of any law or regulation or this Agreement, or you are otherwise in breach of any provision of this Agreement, the Company reserves the right to remove your stored file(s) and/or to deactivate links to stored file(s) without further notice to you.
« Back to top
7. Privacy Policy
The Company is dedicated to establishing trusting relationships with you and all of its customers, based on respect for personal identity and information. The Company’s current Privacy Policy is available at ww2.efax.com/privacy. If the Company decides to change its privacy policy, an updated version will be posted on the eFax Website, and other places the Company deems appropriate, so that you and our other customers are always aware of what information the Company collects, how the Company uses it and under what circumstances, if any, the Company discloses it. The Company will use information in accordance with the Privacy Policy. If, however, the Company is going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection, the Company will notify you via email. You will have a choice as to whether or not the Company uses your information in this materially different manner. However, if you have opted out of all communication with the Company, or deleted/deactivated your account, then you will not be contacted for the purpose of notifying you of material changes to the Privacy Policy. In addition, if the Company makes any material changes to its privacy practices that do not affect your information already stored in the Company’s databases, the Company will post a prominent notice on the eFax Website notifying you and its other customers of the change. In some cases where the Company posts a notice of changes to its Privacy Policy, it will also notify you via email if you have opted to receive email communications from the Company.
Business Customers Only:
If you are a business Customer of Consensus Ireland and you are located in the European Union, and the Services involve the processing of personal data which is subject to the General Data Protection Legislation (EU) 2016/679, the “GDPR”), Consensus Ireland is a processor and you are the controller in relation to such personal data (as defined in the GDPR), which is processed pursuant to this Agreement.
You retain control over the content of the faxes, and as such the types of personal data that are subject to processing cannot be categorised by Consensus Ireland in these terms and conditions. It is assumed such personal data may include all categories of personal data relating to customer’s, or its customer’s own clients, customers, suppliers, employees, other personnel and/or other data subjects.
Customer may notify Consensus Ireland of the categories of data subjects or types of personal data to be incorporated into these terms by using the contact details set out in the privacy policy.
As processor, Consensus Ireland shall, in relation to personal data (as defined in the GDPR) provided by you or generated arising from the performance of the Services under this Agreement:
(a) process such personal data in accordance with these terms and conditions and otherwise comply with your documented (including email) instructions in connection with such processing. Where such instructions are provided orally, we shall keep a record of these. If at any point, Consensus Ireland becomes unable to comply with your instructions regarding the processing of personal data (whether as a result of a change in applicable law, or a change in your instructions, or for any other reason), Consensus Ireland shall promptly:
(i) notify you of such inability, to the extent permitted by applicable law; and
(ii) cease all processing of the affected personal data (other than merely storing and maintaining the security of the affected personal data) until such time as you issue new instructions with which Consensus Ireland is able to comply.
(b) ensure personal data are kept confidential; (ii) take reasonable steps to ensure the reliability and trustworthiness of Consensus Ireland’s personnel and any subprocessors, and (iii) take reasonable steps to ensure that all relevant Consensus Ireland personnel, and any relevant subprocessors, have committed themselves to ensuring the confidentiality of all personal data that they process;
(c) ensure that, in each instance in which Consensus Ireland engages a subprocessor, it shall notify you and : (i) allow you a reasonable opportunity to object to the appointment of that subprocessor (and your authorisation is deemed to be granted if you do not object within thirty (30) days of being notified of the proposed subprocessor); and (ii) enter into a binding written agreement with the subprocessor that imposes on the subprocessor the same obligations that apply toConsensus Ireland under this Agreement with respect to the processing of personal data; subject to compliance with the foregoing, you hereby generally authorise Consensus Ireland to engage sub-processors in relation to the Services.
(d) at your request and sole expense, promptly provide you with all reasonable technical and organisational assistance (taking into account the nature and functionality of the Services) necessary to respond appropriately to requests from individuals to exercise their rights under the GDPR;
(e) at your request and sole expense, promptly provide you with all reasonable assistance necessary to enable you to: (i) notify relevant breaches of the GDPR to the relevant authorities and/or affected individuals; (ii) conduct data protection impact assessments, where required; and (iii) obtain any necessary authorisations from any relevant regulatory authorities;
(f) delete (or, upon your request at or prior to termination, return) any personal data processed in the performance of the Services in Consensus Ireland’s possession within 180 days after the termination or expiry of this Agreement, other than data in relation to which Consensus Ireland is a controller (which will be processed in accordance with our privacy policy) and unless the applicable law of the European Union or an EU Member State requires otherwise;
(g) at your request and sole expense: (i) promptly provide you with all information necessary to enable you to demonstrate compliance with your obligations under the GDPR, to the extent that Consensus Ireland is able to provide such information; and (ii) allow for and contribute to audits, including inspections, conducted by you your auditors or appointees, provided that such audit shall be during regular business hours, with reasonable advance notice to Consensus Ireland and subject to reasonable confidentiality procedures. Before the commencement of any such audit, the parties shall mutually agree upon the scope, timing, and duration of the audit. You may not audit Consensus Ireland more than once annually; and
(h) notify you without undue delay in the event of: (i) becoming aware of any personal data breach; or (ii) receipt of any correspondence or communication from any individual, regulatory authority or third party regarding the processing of personal data; and
apply appropriate technical and security measures to protect any such personal data against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to such personal data.
« Back to top
8. Customer Responsibilities
You are fully responsible for the contents of your transmissions through the Services. The Company simply acts as a passive conduit for you to send and receive information of your own choosing. However, the Company reserves the right to take any action with respect to the Services that the Company deems necessary or appropriate in its sole discretion, if the Company believes you or your information may create liability for the Company, compromise or disrupt the Services for you or other customers, or cause the Company to lose (in whole or in part) the services of the Company’s ISPs or other suppliers. Your use of the Services is subject to all applicable local, state, national, and international laws and regulations (including, without limitation, those governing account collection, export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination, securities or false advertising). You agree: (1) to comply with all laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from any country through the Services; (2) not to use the Services for any illegal purpose; (3) not to interfere with or disrupt networks connected to the Services; (4) to comply with all regulations, policies and procedures of networks connected to the Services; (5) not to use the Services to infringe any third party’s copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy; (6) not to use the Services or related software to knowingly transmit misleading or inaccurate caller identification information for any reason, including doing so with the intent to defraud, cause harm, or wrongfully obtain anything of value; and (7) not to transmit or upload, through the Services, any unlawful, harassing, libelous, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene or otherwise objectionable material of any kind or nature. You further agree not to transmit or upload any material that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law or regulation. The Services make use of the Internet for you to send and receive information of your own choosing. As a result, your conduct is subject to Internet regulations, policies and procedures. You agree not to use or reference the Services for chain letters, junk fax or junk mail, spamming or any activity making use of distribution lists to any person who has not given specific permission to be included in such a process or on such list. You further agree not to attempt to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. You shall not interfere with another customer’s use and enjoyment of the Services. You further agree not to use the Services to store (1) any “protected health information” (as such term is used in the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, Pub. L. No. 104-191) unless you are using the eFax Protect product, or (2) any other type of information that imposes independent obligations upon the Company.
You must (a) obtain and pay for all equipment and third-party services (e.g., Internet access and email service) required for you to access and use the Services; (b) maintain the security of your PIN/password and other confidential information relating to your Services account; (c) immediately notify the Company of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security known to you; and (d) be responsible for all charges resulting from use of the Services, including unauthorized use prior to your notifying the Company of such use and taking steps to prevent its further occurrence.
« Back to top
9. Unsolicited Fax Advertisement/Spam Drop-Box Policy
a. Unsolicited Fax Advertisement Policy: The transmission of unsolicited fax advertisements is illegal in the United States under the Federal Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 (TCPA) (
https://transition.fcc.gov/cgb/consumerfacts/unwantedfaxes.pdf
) and in the European Union under the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003, and is also illegal under the laws of a number of other countries, states and provinces. Distribution of unsolicited fax advertisements through the Services is prohibited and may be considered a material violation of this Agreement. The Company reserves the right to terminate the Agreement and pursue other legal remedies available to it; or any combination of these remedies. Notwithstanding the above, the Company’s distribution of advertising to its customers is not considered unsolicited fax advertising based upon your acceptance of this Agreement.
At the Company’s option and without further notice, the Company may use technologies and procedures, such as filters, that may terminate the transmission of such unsolicited fax advertisements without delivering them.
If you believe that you are in receipt of an unsolicited fax advertisement, and if the fax contains a telephone number, fax number or other contact information to “unsubscribe” from receipt of additional junk faxes, please unsubscribe accordingly.
You hereby acknowledge and agree that the Company has any and all rights (but no obligation) to assert any and all legal claims available against any third party as a result of your receipt of any unsolicited fax advertisements—including, but not limited to, claims under the TCPA and similar laws of any other country, state or province—and to the extent you do have any rights to bring any such claims, you hereby assign any and all such rights to the Company as consideration for its provision of the Services.
Because eFax Numbers may be reassigned to other customers in the event your account is canceled, and to ensure the best possible service for all customers, you are not permitted to “opt in” to receive, on your eFax Number, facsimile advertisements of the commercial availability or quality of any property, goods or services from persons with whom you have not established a business relationship.
b. Spam Drop-Box Policy: The Company does not permit its customers to use eFax Numbers as “drop-boxes” for responses to email or fax spam offers. If you believe you are in receipt of email, or fax, spam that uses an eFax Number as a “drop-box” for responses, and if the email or fax contains an email address, telephone number, fax number or other contact information to “unsubscribe” from receipt of additional messages, please unsubscribe accordingly. Please contact customer service if you believe your eFax Number has been used as a “drop-box.”The Company appreciates your assistance in enforcing and complying with these policies and looks forward to continuing to make your experience a positive one.
« Back to top
10. Termination
Either you or the Company may terminate your Services at any time, with or without cause, upon notice.
If you registered for the Services through the eFax Website or an eFax Sales Representative, eFax Plus, eFax Protect, and eFax Pro customers must follow the instructions provided at
https://www.efax.com/how-to/cancel
to terminate their account. In most cases, you can cancel easily online, or a customer service representative will assist you with canceling your account in accordance with the Company’s verification procedures; as such procedures may be changed by the Company in its sole discretion. Upon termination of your account, the Company will send you an email confirming that your account has been canceled. Your account will not be deemed canceled unless and until you receive this email. In order to cancel eFax Free service, you must either opt out of receiving promotional emails or visit
https://www.efax.com/how-to/cancel
to terminate your account.
If you registered for the Services using your account with Apple, you must cancel your auto-renewing subscription in your iTunes account settings. If you turn off Auto-Renewal, your subscription will close at the end of your current billing cycle. Uninstalling a software application will not cancel the subscription. If you uninstall the software application without canceling your subscription you will continue to be charged for the Services. For details please visit the Apple support website.
The Company reserves the right to terminate or suspend your Services at any time without prior notice or compensation for any reason; provided that the Company will attempt to confirm such termination or suspension by subsequent notice. The Company may automatically terminate or suspend your eFax Free account without notice.
Upon account closure, all faxes connected with your account (including those stored in the eFax Message Center) will be immediately and permanently deleted. In addition, you understand and acknowledge that in the event the account is later reactivated, your prior or preferred fax number(s) may not be available. You agree that the Company has no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the foregoing.
« Back to top
11. Customer Representations
You represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years of age or, as applicable, the age of majority in the country, state or province in which you reside, and that you possess the legal right and ability to enter into this Agreement. You agree to be financially responsible for your use of the Services (as well as for use of your account by others, including, without limitation, minors living with you) and to comply with your responsibilities and obligations as stated in this Agreement.
« Back to top
12. Modifications to Customer Agreement
The Company may automatically amend this Agreement at any time by (a) posting a revised Customer Agreement on the eFax Website, or (b) sending information regarding the amendment to the email address you provide to the Company. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR REGULARLY REVIEWING THE eFAX WEBSITE TO OBTAIN TIMELY NOTICE OF SUCH AMENDMENTS. YOU SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE ACCEPTED SUCH AMENDMENTS BY CONTINUED USE OF THE SERVICES AFTER SUCH AMENDMENTS HAVE BEEN POSTED OR INFORMATION REGARDING SUCH AMENDMENTS HAS BEEN SENT TO YOU. Otherwise, this Agreement may not be amended except in writing signed by both you and the Company.
« Back to top
13. Modifications to the Services
The Company reserves the right to modify or discontinue any of the Services with or without notice to you. The Company shall not be liable to you, or any third-party, should the Company exercise its right to modify or discontinue the Services.
« Back to top
14. Member Account, PIN/Password and Security
Once you become a registered user, you will be issued a dedicated eFax Number and temporary login credentials. You may change your PIN/ password from the eFax Website. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your PIN/ password and account information.
« Back to top
15. Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
a. ALL OF THE COMPANY’S SOFTWARE AND THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” AND NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS OR SERVICE PROVIDERS MAKES ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES TO YOU REGARDING THE USABILITY, CONDITION OR OPERATION THEREOF. THE COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE COMPANY’S SOFTWARE OR THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT THE COMPANY’S SOFTWARE OR THE SERVICES WILL MEET ANY PARTICULAR CRITERIA OF PERFORMANCE OR QUALITY. THE COMPANY AND EACH OF ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING AND WITHOUT LIMITATION: WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, COMPATIBILITY, SECURITY OR ACCURACY.
b. YOUR USE OF ALL OF THE COMPANY’S SOFTWARE AND THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. YOU ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK OF LOSS RESULTING FROM YOUR DOWNLOADING, UPLOADING, AND/OR USE OF FILES OR OTHER MATERIAL (INCLUDING THE COMPANY’S SOFTWARE) OBTAINED EITHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM THE COMPANY OR ITS AFFILIATES, OR LOSS RESULTING FROM UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS, DATA OR FILES UPLOADED, HOSTED OR TRANSMITTED VIA THE LARGE FILE SEND FEATURE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER ARISING UNDER ANY THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. IN ADDITION, YOU AGREE THAT NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS OR SERVICE PROVIDERS WILL BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES, WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT (INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES), ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE COMPANY’S SOFTWARE OR THE SERVICES, AND YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY CLAIMS WITH RESPECT THERETO, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACTUAL, TORT OR OTHER GROUNDS, EVEN IF THE COMPANY OR ANY SUCH AFFILIATE, LICENSOR OR SERVICE PROVIDER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF THE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO THE USE OF THE COMPANY’S SOFTWARE AND THE SERVICES OR ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT ARE LIMITED TO THE LESSER OF: (I) THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR THE SERVICES IN THE THREE (3) MONTHS PRECEDING THE DATE OF YOUR CLAIM OR (II) U.S.$500.00. YOU HEREBY RELEASE THE COMPANY AND EACH OF ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS FROM ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS, LIABILITIES AND CLAIMS IN EXCESS OF THIS LIMITATION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW IMPLIED WARRANTIES TO BE EXCLUDED OR MODIFIED OR LIABILITY TO BE LIMITED, SO NOT ALL OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY APPLY TO YOU.
c. NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS OR SERVICE PROVIDERS SHALL BE HELD RESPONSIBLE IN ANY WAY OR BY ANY MEANS, EITHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FOR ANY COMMUNICATIONS DIFFICULTIES OUTSIDE OF THE COMPANY’S OR ANY SUCH AFFILIATE’S, LICENSOR’S OR SERVICE PROVIDER’S CONTROL WHICH COULD LEAD TO THE INTERRUPTION OF DATA DELIVERY SERVICE TO YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS, PAGER, TELEPHONE OR ANY OTHER RECEIVING DEVICES OR THIRD-PARTY DATA STORAGE AND/OR DELIVERY SERVICES.
d. YOU WILL NOT RELY ON ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, MADE BY ANY PERSON OTHER THAN AN AUTHORIZED OFFICER OF THE COMPANY, IN EVALUATING THE SERVICES OR ANY OTHER SERVICES OF THE COMPANY OR ITS AFFILIATES.
« Back to top
16. Charges
a. Pricing Plans:
You agree to pay all charges for your use of the Services in accordance with the pricing plan you were offered and agreed to upon registering for the Services. The Company reserves the right to charge value-added taxes (“VAT”), sales or other taxes on the Services as it deems appropriate and the Company reserves the right to change prices or institute new charges for access to or use of the Services, including Discounted Services.
The Company may amend your pricing plan, including any charges thereto, at any time either by (a) posting pricing plan changes on the eFax Website, or (b) sending information regarding the pricing plan changes to the email address you provided to the Company. You are responsible for regularly reviewing such pricing information. Continued use of the Services or non-termination of your account, after changes are either posted or emailed to you, constitutes your acceptance of the prices as modified.
If you have questions regarding any charges that have been applied to your account, you must contact the Company’s Customer Service Department within thirty (30) days of the charge date. Failure to do so will waive your ability to dispute such charges. Failure to use your account will not be deemed a basis for refusing to pay any charges.
b. Payment for Services:
Your activation fee, and monthly, quarterly, bi-annual or annual service fees (as applicable), are payable in advance and are COMPLETELY NON-REFUNDABLE. You agree that for monthly subscriptions, the Company may submit charges for your monthly service fee each month; and for quarterly, bi-annual or annual subscriptions, the Company may submit charges for your service fee quarterly, bi-annually or annually in each case, without further authorization from or notice to you, until you provide prior notice (in accordance with the Company’s verification procedures, as may be established by the Company from time to time in its sole discretion) that you have terminated this authorization or wish to change your designated card(s). Such notice will not affect charges submitted before the Company reasonably could act on your notice. If you add eFax Numbers to an existing Services account, your first payment for such additional eFax Numbers may be prorated to coincide with the annual/monthly anniversary of your first eFax Number. You agree that the Company may (at its option) accumulate Services fees incurred during your monthly billing cycle and submit them as one or more aggregate charges during or at the end of each cycle, and that the Company may delay obtaining authorization from your card issuer until submission of the accumulated charge(s). This means that accumulated Services fee charges may appear on the statement you receive from your card issuer.
Your activation fee, usage charges, and monthly, quarterly, bi-annual or annual Services fees, and late fee, as applicable, must be made by the credit or debit card(s) designated by you for the Company use and transactions. If the payment method for your Services account is by credit or debit card and payment is not received by the Company from the card issuer or its agent or affiliate, you agree to pay all amounts due upon demand by the Company. Each time you use the Services, or allow or cause the Services to be used, you agree and reaffirm that the Company is authorized to charge your designated card(s). Your card issuer’s agreement governs your use of your designated card in connection with payment for the Services, and you must refer to such agreement (not this Agreement) with respect to your rights and liabilities as a cardholder.
c. Viewing Your Account Balance: To view your current account balance, along with billing details and any accumulated charges, please click on “Billing” after logging in to the eFax MyPortal Website.
d. Free-Trial Customers: If you subscribed to the Services pursuant to a special offer granting you a free trial period, your initial service fee will be PRE-AUTHORIZED AGAINST YOUR CREDIT CARD OR DEBIT CARD LIMIT (meaning the amounts pre-authorized will not be considered available credit or debit funds in such account). These fees will be immediately charged to your credit or debit card, without further authorization from you, upon the expiration of such free trial period, unless you provide prior notice (in accordance with the Company’s verification procedures, as may be established by the Company from time to time in its sole discretion) that you have terminated this authorization. Such notice will not affect charges submitted before the Company reasonably could act on your notice.
e. Pre-Paid Discounts: If you subscribed to the Services pursuant to a special offer granting a pre-paid discount for a fixed number of months, your pre-paid fees are payable in advance and are COMPLETELY NON-REFUNDABLE. In addition, your initial monthly service fee for the month immediately following your pre-paid period will be PRE-AUTHORIZED AGAINST YOUR CREDIT CARD OR DEBIT CARD LIMIT and will be immediately charged to your credit or debit card, without further authorization from you, upon the expiration of such pre-paid period, unless you provide prior notice (in accordance with the Company’s verification procedures, as may be established by the Company from time to time in its sole discretion) that you have terminated this authorization. Such notice will not affect charges submitted before the Company reasonably could act on your notice.
f. Usage Charges:
Additional charges apply when you exceed the number of inbound or outbound fax pages included in your eFax Services tier. Usage fees are payable in advance at a fixed amount as set from time to time by the Company, currently U.S. $10.00 or the approximate equivalent in local currency (the “Usage Prepay Amount”). You may choose to increase the size of your Usage Prepay Amount by logging into your account at the eFax Website or by contacting the Company’s Customer Service Department. The Usage Prepay Amount will be immediately and automatically charged to your credit or debit card without further authorization from you upon incurring usage in excess of the number of inbound or outbound fax pages included in your eFax service tier (or, in the event you are provided with a free usage credit, upon your depletion of such credit). Your Usage Prepay Amount will thereafter be reduced based upon your incurring usage fees, and each time your Usage Prepay Amount is depleted to a certain level (currently U.S. $2.00 or the approximate equivalent in local currency), another fixed Usage Prepay Amount in the same amount as the prior Usage Prepay Amount will be immediately charged to your credit or debit card, without further authorization from or notice to you.
Furthermore, in the event that the Company submits charges for your monthly, quarterly, bi-annual or annual service fee and those charges are rejected by your card issuer (or its agent or affiliate), you hereby authorize the Company to apply your Usage Prepay Amount to pay for some or all of your service fee or late fee due.
You agree that the Company may submit charges for the Usage Prepay Amount without further authorization from or notice to you, until you provide prior notice (in accordance with the Company’s verification procedures, as may be established by the Company from time to time in its sole discretion) that you have terminated or canceled your eFax Services or wish to change your designated card(s). Such notice will not affect charges submitted before the Company reasonably could act on your notice.
Upon you giving the Company notice that you have terminated or canceled your eFax Services, or in the event that the Company should terminate or cancel your eFax Services or account in accordance with the provisions herein, the unused portion of your Usage Prepay Amount (if any) will be applied toward any outstanding charges, and any remaining portion of your Usage Prepay Amount will be forfeited and non-refundable.
In addition, in the event you fail to incur usage charges on the Services for a period of six (6) months or longer, you will be deemed to have forfeited any remaining Usage Prepay Amount in your eFax account. In such event, the Company reserves the right to eliminate your remaining Usage Prepay Amount (if any) without notice.
g. Notification of Changed Billing Information: You must promptly notify the Company of changes to: (a) the account number, security code or expiration date of your designated credit or debit cards; (b) your billing address for the designated credit or debit card; and (c) the name of each minor whom you have authorized to use your Services account. You must also promptly notify the Company if your card is canceled for any reason, including loss or theft. In order to avoid Services interruptions caused by rejected credit or debit card charges, the Company reserves the right to update your credit or debit card details (such as expiration dates or new card numbers). You understand and agree that the Company is entitled to obtain such updated card details, store them and use them to bill charges. You acknowledge and accept that Consensus Cloud Solutions, LLC. may automatically bill or charge the designated credit or debit card for any outstanding balances after you notify us of the change or update the designated payment information in your account.
h. Usage and/or Account Credit Balances. The Company may, from time to time, award you a credit applied to your eFax Services usage and/ or account balance, which is a non-refundable credit . eFax Services usage and/ or account credit balances have no cash value and will expire on the earlier of (i) termination of your account or (ii) 30 days after they are issued, and are subject to any additional terms associated with the credit offer.
i. Late Fees. An administrative late fee of $4.95 USD or $6.00 CAD (or the approximate equivalent in local currency) or the maximum amount permitted under and subject to applicable law, may be charged to your account each time full payment of your outstanding balance is not received by the payment due date. You agree that the Company may submit charges for late fees without further authorization from or notice to you, until you provide prior notice (in accordance with the Company’s verification procedures, as may be established by the Company from time to time in its sole discretion) that you have terminated or canceled your eFax Services, or wish to change your designated card(s). Such notice will not affect charges submitted before the Company reasonably could act on your notice.
« Back to top
17. Termination for Non-Payment
The Company reserves the right to suspend or terminate your account and associated Services, without notice, upon rejection of any credit or debit card charges or if your card issuer (or its agent or affiliate) seeks return of payments previously made to the Company when the Company believes you are liable for the charge. Such rights are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other legal rights or remedies available to the Company.
Upon account closure, all faxes connected with your account (including those stored in the eFax Message Center) will be immediately and permanently deleted. In addition, you understand and acknowledge that in the event the account is later reactivated, your prior or preferred fax number(s) may not be available. You agree that the Company has no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the foregoing.
« Back to top
18. Ownership
All programs, services, processes, designs, software, technologies, trademarks, trade names, inventions and materials comprising any portion of the Services are wholly owned by the Company, its affiliates and/or its licensors and service providers except where expressly stated otherwise. You may not use the Company’s or its affiliates’ trademarks, trade names, patents, copyrights or other intellectual property rights without the Company’s prior written permission.
« Back to top
19. Rules Regarding eFax Numbers
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU WILL HAVE USE OF THE eFAX NUMBER(S) PROVIDED AS PART OF THE SERVICES ONLY UNTIL THE END OF THE TERM OF YOUR AGREEMENT OR UNTIL THE COMPANY NO LONGER PROVIDES YOU WITH SERVICES UNLESS YOU SATISFY THE PROVISIONS IN SECTION 20 (a) BELOW. THE COMPANY IS GRANTING YOU THE REVOCABLE PERMISSION TO USE SUCH eFAX NUMBER(S) IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS AGREEMENT FOR THE LENGTH OF THE TERM OF THE AGREEMENT. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY IS THE CUSTOMER OF RECORD OF ALL eFAX NUMBER(S) PROVIDED AS PART OF THE SERVICES AND, THEREFORE, THE COMPANY HAS CERTAIN RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO SUCH eFAX NUMBER(S), INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION CERTAIN RIGHTS RELATING TO PORTING OF SUCH eFAX NUMBER(S) (“PORTING” IS CAUSING OR ATTEMPTING TO CAUSE NUMBER(S) TO BE TRANSFERRED, SWITCHED OR OTHERWISE MOVED TO ANY OTHER SERVICE PROVIDER, TELEPHONE CARRIER OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY). AS THE CUSTOMER OF RECORD FOR ALL eFAX NUMBER(S), THE COMPANY HAS THE DIRECT RELATIONSHIP WITH THE TELEPHONE COMPANY THAT PROVIDES THE UNDERLYING TELECOMMUNICATIONS THAT SUPPORT THE SERVICES YOU RECEIVE FROM THE COMPANY. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE COMPANY IS NOT, ITSELF, A TELEPHONE COMPANY AND IS THEREFORE NOT UNDER ANY LEGAL OBLIGATION TO PERMIT YOU TO PORT ANY eFAX NUMBER(S) PROVIDED UNLESS YOU SATISFY THE PROVISIONS IN SECTION 20 (a) BELOW. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED FROM CAUSING OR ATTEMPTING TO TRANSFER THE eFAX NUMBER ASSIGNED TO YOU TO ANY OTHER SERVICE PROVIDER, TELEPHONE CARRIER OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY UNLESS YOU SATISFY THE PROVISIONS IN SECTION 20 (a) BELOW. IN THE EVENT YOU VIOLATE THE FOREGOING PROVISION, YOU AGREE TO IMMEDIATELY RETURN THE eFAX NUMBER(S) TO THE COMPANY AND PAY THE COMPANY AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO U.S. $500 (OR THE EQUIVALENT IN LOCAL CURRENCY). YOU AUTHORIZE THE COMPANY TO CHARGE YOUR ACCOUNT CREDIT OR DEBIT CARD OR TAKE ANY OTHER MEASURES REQUIRED TO COLLECT THIS PAYMENT AND TO CAUSE THE eFAX NUMBER(S) TO BE RETURNED TO THE COMPANY. YOU AGREE THAT THIS PAYMENT REPRESENTS LIQUIDATED DAMAGES REFLECTING A REASONABLE MEASURE OF THE ACTUAL OR ANTICIPATED HARM, DAMAGES CAUSED AND ADMINISTRATIVE FEES INCURRED BY THE COMPANY FROM SUCH VIOLATION IN LIGHT OF THE DIFFICULTIES OF PROOF OF LOSS AND THAT THIS PAYMENT IS NOT A PENALTY. SOME NON-U.S. JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS TO BE PLACED ON YOUR RIGHT TO PORT THE eFAX NUMBER ASSIGNED TO YOU, SO SOME OF THESE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY IF THE eFAX NUMBER(S) ASSIGNED TO YOU IS LOCATED IN SUCH A JURISDICTION.
a. Telephone Numbers Ported In
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU MAY BE PORTING IN CERTAIN TELEPHONE NUMBERS FROM YOU CURRENT TELECOMMUNICATIONS CARRIER(S) TO THE COMPANY’S TELECOMMUNICATIONS CARRIER(S) TO BE PLACED IN THE COMPANY’S NAME. IF YOU “PORTED IN” ANY TELEPHONE NUMBER(S), OR YOU ARE ENTITLED TO “PORT OUT” A TELEPHONE NUMBER UNDER NON-U.S. LAW, YOU MAY “PORT OUT” SUCH NUMBER(S) IN CONNECTION WITH TERMINATING YOUR ACCOUNT ONLY IF YOU SATISFY THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENTS: (i) YOU PROVIDE WRITTEN NOTICE TO THE COMPANY OF YOUR INTENTION TO “PORT OUT” SUCH TELEPHONE NUMBER(S) NO LATER THAN THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF TERMINATION OF YOUR ACCOUNT (THE “PORTING NOTICE PERIOD”); (ii) YOUR NEW TELEPHONE CARRIER PROVIDES THE COMPANY’S TELEPHONE CARRIER WITH A DULY EXECUTED PORTING REQUEST PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE PORTING NOTICE PERIOD; (iii) YOU HAVE PAID THE COMPANY FOR ALL SERVICES PROVIDED TO YOU PRIOR TO THE DATE YOU PROVIDE NOTICE OF YOUR INTENT TO TERMINATE YOUR ACCOUNT; AND (iv) PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE PORTING NOTICE PERIOD, THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN ADMINISTRATIVE FEE TO COVER ITS REASONABLE COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH PROCESSING THE PORT IN AN AMOUNT OF U.S. $40 (OR THE EQUIVALENT IN LOCAL CURRENCY) PER TELEPHONE NUMBER. YOU HEREBY AUTHORIZE THE COMPANY TO CHARGE YOUR CREDIT OR DEBIT CARD IN THE APPLICABLE AMOUNT FOR SUCH ADMINISTRATIVE FEE. THE PORTING PROCESS CAN BE LENGTHY; IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO MAINTAIN YOUR SERVICES DURING THE PORTING PROCESS, YOU MUST MAINTAIN YOUR ACCOUNT IN AN ACTIVE STATUS AND NOT TERMINATE YOUR ACCOUNT UNTIL THE PORTING OUT IS COMPLETE. REGARDLESS OF WHEN THE PORT OUT IS COMPLETE, YOU WILL CONTINUE TO BE RESPONSIBLE TO PAY ALL APPLICABLE ACCOUNT FEES WITH RESPECT TO THE TELEPHONE NUMBERS UNTIL YOU FORMALLY TERMINATE YOUR SERVICE. IF YOU FAIL TO SATISFY ANY OF THE FOREGOING REQUIREMENTS, THE COMPANY SHALL REMAIN THE CUSTOMER OF RECORD OF THE NUMBER(S) AND YOU ARE EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED FROM CAUSING OR ATTEMPTING TO CAUSE SUCH NUMBER(S) TO BE TRANSFERRED TO ANY OTHER SERVICE PROVIDER, TELEPHONE CARRIER OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY. THE COMPANY ALSO RETAINS THE RIGHT TO RECLAIM THE NUMBER(S) FROM YOU AFTER THE NUMBER(S) ARE PORTED OUT IN CONTRAVENTION WITH THESE REQUIREMENTS AND TO CHARGE YOUR CREDIT OR DEBIT CARD THE U.S. $500 (OR THE EQUIVALENT IN LOCAL CURRENCY) IN LIQUIDATED DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT EVEN IF YOU SATISFY THE REQUIREMENTS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 20 (a), TECHNICAL OR PROCEDURAL DIFFICULTIES OR INTERRUPTIONS MAY OCCUR WHEN ATTEMPTING TO PORT OUT THESE NUMBERS (E.G. WHEN NO PORTING AGREEMENT EXISTS BETWEEN YOUR AND OUR TELEPHONE CARRIER OR FOR ANY OTHER REASON) AND SUCH DIFFICULTIES OR INTERRUPTIONS MAY PREVENT YOUR NEW CARRIER FROM PORTING THE NUMBERS. THE COMPANY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH TECHNICAL OR PROCEDURAL DIFFICULTIES OR INTERRUPTIONS AND YOU WILL RECEIVE NO REFUND OF YOUR ADMINISTRATIVE FEE.
b. Reassignment of Telephone Numbers
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT FOLLOWING THE TERMINATION OF YOUR SERVICES FOR ANY REASON, THE eFAX NUMBER(S) ASSIGNED TO YOU MAY BE IMMEDIATELY RE-ASSIGNED TO ANOTHER CUSTOMER. YOU AGREE THAT THE COMPANY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES (INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES) ARISING OUT OF ANY SUCH RE-ASSIGNMENT; AND YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY CLAIMS WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH RE-ASSIGNMENT, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACTUAL, TORT OR OTHER GROUNDS, EVEN IF THE COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. YOU FURTHER UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE COMPANY MAY, FROM TIME TO TIME, NEED TO CHANGE OR OTHERWISE REMOVE THE eFAX NUMBER(S) ASSIGNED TO YOU (WHETHER DUE TO AN AREA-CODE SPLIT OR ANY OTHER REASON, WHETHER OUTSIDE OR WITHIN THE COMPANY’S CONTROL). YOU AGREE THAT THE COMPANY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES (INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES) ARISING OUT OF ANY SUCH CHANGE IN OR REMOVAL OF THE eFAX NUMBER(S) ASSIGNED TO YOU, AND YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY CLAIMS WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH CHANGE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACTUAL, TORT OR OTHER GROUNDS, EVEN IF THE COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES.
c. No Right to Charge Third-Party Services to eFax Numbers
YOU AGREE THAT YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO CHARGE SERVICES PROVIDED TO YOU OR, AT YOUR REQUEST, TO THE eFAX NUMBER ASSIGNED TO YOU BY THE COMPANY AND THAT YOU WILL NOT REQUEST OR, OTHERWISE CAUSE ANY THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDER TO CHARGE ANY SUCH SERVICES TO SUCH NUMBER. ANY SUCH CHARGES WILL GIVE THE COMPANY THE RIGHT TO IMMEDIATELY TERMINATE OR SUSPEND YOUR eFAX ACCOUNT WITHOUT NOTICE.
« Back to top
20. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify the Company and each of its affiliates, licensors and service providers from and against any and all liabilities, expenses (including attorneys’ fees) and damages arising out of claims based upon use of the Services, including but not limited to: (a) any violation of this Agreement by you or any other person using your account, (b) any claim of libel, defamation, violation of rights of privacy or publicity, (c) any loss of service by other customers, (d) any infringement of intellectual property or other rights of any third parties, and (e) any violation of any laws or regulations- including but not limited to any violation of any laws or regulations prohibiting transmission of unsolicited fax advertisements.
« Back to top
21. No Resale Of The Services
You are prohibited from selling, reselling, renting or leasing the use of the Services.
« Back to top
22. Notices and Consent
Notices given by the Company to you will be given by email, by a general posting on the eFax Website or by conventional mail. In any matter requiring the Company’s prior consent, such consent will be considered given only if made in writing by an authorized representative of the Company. Notices given by you to the Company must be given by email or by conventional mail (subject, however, to the Company’s verification procedures, as may be established by the Company from time to time in its sole discretion, and which may include the requirement that you contact the Company by phone so as to confirm that any such notice was in fact sent by you). Notices to the Company by conventional mail must be sent to:
Consensus US: Consensus Cloud Solutions, LLC, 700 S. Flower St., 15th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90017, U.S.A., ATTN: Legal
Consensus Ireland: Unit 3, Woodford Business Park, Santry, Dublin 17, ATTN: Legal
Consensus ANZ: Unit 3, Woodford Business Park, Santry, Dublin 17, ATTN: Legal
Consensus Japan: Marunouchi Kitaguchi Building 10F, 1-6-5 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, ATTN: Legal
« Back to top
23. General Terms
IF YOU ARE A CUSTOMER OF CONSENSUS US, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, U.S.A., EXCLUDING ITS CONFLICTS-OF-LAW RULES, GOVERN THIS AGREEMENT AND YOUR USE OF THE COMPANY’S SOFTWARE AND THE SERVICES.
IF YOU ARE A CUSTOMER OF CONSENSUS IRELAND, THE LAWS OF IRELAND, EXCLUDING ITS CONFLICTS-OF-LAW RULES, GOVERN THIS AGREEMENT AND YOUR USE OF COMPANY SOFTWARE AND SERVICES AND COURTS OF IRELAND SHALL HAVE THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION FOR ANY CLAIMS OR DISPUTES RELATING TO THE SERVICES OR THIS AGREEMENT.
IF YOU ARE A CUSTOMER OF CONSENSUS ANZ, THE LAWS OF AUSTRALIA, EXCLUDING ITS CONFLICTS-OF-LAW RULES, GOVERN THIS AGREEMENT AND YOUR USE OF COMPANY SOFTWARE AND SERVICES AND COURTS OF AUSTRALIA SHALL HAVE THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION FOR ANY CLAIMS OR DISPUTES RELATING TO THE SERVICES OR THIS AGREEMENT.
IF YOU ARE A CUSTOMER OF CONSENSUS JAPAN, THE LAWS OF JAPAN, EXCLUDING ITS CONFLICTS-OF-LAW RULES, GOVERN THIS AGREEMENT AND YOUR USE OF COMPANY SOFTWARE AND SERVICES AND COURTS OF TOKYO, JAPAN SHALL HAVE THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION FOR ANY CLAIMS OR DISPUTES RELATING TO THE SERVICES OR THIS AGREEMENT.
THE U.N. CONVENTION ON CONTRACTS FOR THE INTERNATIONAL SALE OF GOODS IS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. Nothing in this section shall restrict either of the parties from resorting to the courts or arbitration in any jurisdiction in order to collect, enforce or execute any judgment obtained in the State of California. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck and the remaining provisions shall be enforced. The Company’s failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive the Company’s right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. You may not assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights hereunder whether by direct assignment, by operation of law or otherwise, and any attempt to the contrary is void. The Company shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting directly or indirectly from any causes beyond the Company’s reasonable control. Parental control protections (such as commercially available computer hardware, software or filtering services) may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors, although such technology may not be effective with regard to receipt of fax or email messages received through the Services.
« Back to top
24. Legal Notices
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California Customers are entitled to the following specific consumer-rights information:
a. Pricing Information. Current rates for using the Services may be obtained on the eFax Website or by calling the Company’s Customer Service Department. The Company reserves the right to change fees, surcharges and monthly fees or to institute new fees at any time.
b. Complaints: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted, in writing, at 1020 N. Street, #501, Sacramento, CA 95814; or by telephone at 1-916-445-1254.
For EU Customers: If you are a consumer (meaning a natural person acting outside of their business, trade or profession) resident in the EU, and you are not satisfied with any aspect of the Services and have exhausted the internal mechanisms suggested herein, you can also bring claims arising out of or relating to the Services to the European Commission Online Dispute Resolution platform for online resolution (webgate.ec.europa.eu/odr).
« Back to top
25. Agreement to Arbitrate All Disputes
a. If you are a Customer of Consensus US, You and the Company agree that all disputes and claims between you and the Company shall be settled by binding arbitration instead of in courts of general jurisdiction. This agreement to arbitrate is intended to be broadly interpreted and includes, but is not limited to, any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to the Services, the Company’s software, the eFax Website, the Agreement or any aspect of the relationship between you and the Company. You agree that, by agreeing to the Agreement, the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision, and that you and Company are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may bring an individual action in small claims court. This arbitration provision does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies, including, for example, the Federal Communications Commission. Such agencies can, if the law allows, seek relief against the Company on your behalf. This arbitration provision shall survive termination of this Agreement and the termination of your account.
b. A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other, by certified mail, a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”). The Notice to the Company should be addressed to: Consensus Cloud Solutions, LLC, ATTN: Legal Department, 700 S. Flower St., 15th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90017, USA (“Notice Address”). The Notice must (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (b) set forth the specific relief sought (“Demand”). If the Company and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within 30 days after the Notice is received, you or the Company may commence an arbitration proceeding. During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by the Company or you shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator determines the amount, if any, to which you or the Company is entitled. You may download or copy a form Notice and a form to initiate arbitration at www.adr.org. If you are required to pay a filing fee, after the Company receives notice at the Notice Address that you have commenced arbitration, it will promptly reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee, unless your claim is for greater than US$10,000.
c. The arbitration will be governed by the Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively, “AAA Rules”) of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), as modified by the Agreement, and will be administered by the AAA. The AAA Rules and Forms are available online at www.adr.org. The arbitrator is bound by the terms of the Agreement. All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, including issues relating to the scope and enforceability of this arbitration provision. Unless the Company and you agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place by video or telephone conference. If your claim is for US$10,000 or less, the Company agrees that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules. If your claim exceeds US$10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. The arbitrator is not authorized to award punitive or other damages not measured by the prevailing party’s actual damages, and may not, in any event, make any ruling, finding or award that does not conform to the terms and conditions of the Agreement.
d. The Company may make a written settlement offer anytime before an arbitrator is selected. If the arbitrator issues you an award that is greater than the value of the Company’s last written settlement offer made before an arbitrator was selected (or if the Company did not make a settlement offer before an arbitrator was selected), then the Company will pay you the amount of the award or US$1,000, whichever is greater. Except as expressly set forth herein, the payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA Rules.
e. YOU AND THE COMPANY AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Further, unless both you and the Company agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims with your claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim.
« Back to top
26. Terms of the Agreement.
Company may modify or amend the terms of this Agreement and any applicable addendum upon notice or by posting an updated Agreement to the applicable website.
The following Addendum shall only apply to your active use of eFax Protect.
Addendum for eFax Protect
BUSINESS ASSOCIATE ADDENDUM
This Business Associate Addendum (“
BAA
”), is entered into by you, as an authorized user of the Secured Service, as defined below, (“
Customer
”) and Consensus Cloud Solutions, LLC. (“
Consensus US
”), located at 700 S Flower St., 15th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90017 (each a “
Party
” and collectively, the “
Parties
”).
WHEREAS
, Consensus Cloud Solutions, LLC. offers, among other service offerings, the Secured Service that Customer intends to use to send and/or receive messages that could contain PHI; and
WHEREAS
, Customer and Consensus Cloud Solutions, LLC. are entering into this BAA that, along with the Agreement, will govern their respective obligations regarding HIPAA and PHI with respect to the Secured Service.
NOW THEREFORE
, in consideration of the foregoing, the mutual promises contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the Parties agree as follows:
I. DEFINITIONS
“
Breach
,” “
Business Associate
,” “
Covered Entity
,” and “
Security
Incident” have the same meanings given to them under HIPAA.
“
DHHS
” means the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services.
“
HIPAA
” means the Health Insurance Portability & Accountability Act, the Health Information Technology for Economic & Clinical Health Act (“HITECH”), and the regulations enacted thereunder (including 45 C.F.R. Parts 160 and 164), each as amended and as applicable.
“
PHI
” and “
Unsecured PHI
” mean “
protected health information
” and “
unsecured protected health information,
” as those terms are defined under HIPAA, if transmitted via Consensus US through Customer’s permitted use of the Secured Service.
“
Secured Service
” means the
eFax Protect
service provided by Consensus US pursuant to the Agreement.
All other capitalized terms shall have the same meanings as those set forth under HIPAA.
II. APPLICABILITY
A.
Relationship to Service Agreement.
This BAA amends the Agreement to govern the Parties’ respective obligations regarding HIPAA and PHI. To the extent there is any conflict or inconsistency between this BAA and the Agreement, with regard to matters related to HIPAA, the terms of this BAA will govern. Except as expressly amended by this BAA, the Agreement is unchanged and remains in full force and effect.
B.
Parties.
This BAA only applies to the extent Customer is acting as a Covered Entity or Business Associate to transmit PHI via the Secured Service and where Consensus US, as a result, is deemed to be acting as Customer’s Business Associate.
C.
Secured Service.
This BAA only applies to the Secured Service. All obligations and representations of Consensus US under this BAA are contingent on Customer’s agreement, representation, and warranty that it will not create, receive, maintain, or transmit PHI using a Consensus US service other than a Secured Service that is or another Consensus US service for which the Parties have entered into a separate HIPAA business associate agreement.
III. PERMITTED USE & DISCLOSURE
A.
By Consensus US.
Consensus US is authorized to access, use, maintain, and disclose PHI as necessary and appropriate to perform the Secured Service. Consensus US may also access, use, maintain, and disclose PHI for the proper management and administration of its business operations and to carry out its legal responsibilities, provided that disclosures for such purposes are either required by law or Consensus US obtains reasonable assurances from parties to whom PHI is disclosed that:
the PHI will be held in confidence;
the PHI will be used or further disclosed only as required by law or for the purpose Consensus US disclosed that PHI; and
Consensus US will be notified of any Breach.
Consensus US agrees not to access, use, maintain, or disclose PHI other than as provided above
B.
By Customer.
Except as otherwise permitted under HIPAA, Customer shall not request Consensus US to use or disclose PHI in a manner that would not be permissible under HIPAA if done by Customer. With regard to Customer’s management and administration of the Secured Service to its end users, Customer is responsible for using and enforcing the available controls within the Secured Service to support its HIPAA compliance requirements, including by adhering to the Guidelines. Customer agrees that Consensus US has no HIPAA obligations under this BAA to the extent Customer creates, receives, maintains, or transmits PHI outside of the Secured Service, including through Customer’s use of non-Consensus US applications or tools.
C.
By Agents & Subcontractors.
Consensus US will take appropriate steps to ensure that any agents and subcontractors used by Consensus US to perform its obligations under the Service Agreement who require access to Unsecured PHI are bound by written obligations that provide materially the same level of restrictions, conditions, and requirements for PHI that apply to Consensus US through this BAA.
IV. REPORTING
A.
Appropriate Safeguards.
With respect to the Secured Service, Consensus US and Customer will use appropriate safeguards designed to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of PHI, consistent with this BAA and as required under HIPAA.
B.
Reporting.
In compliance with HIPAA, Consensus US will report to Customer any of the following events of which it becomes aware:
Any use or disclosure of Unsecured PHI not provided for by this BAA;
Any Security Incident; and/or
Any Breach of Unsecured PHI.
Notification shall be made as soon as reasonably practicable, consistent with the legitimate needs of law enforcement and Consensus US’s efforts to comply with applicable law, and after allotting reasonable time for Consensus USto investigate the Breach, restore the integrity of its systems and the Secured Service , and mitigate further harm.
C.
Accounting Rights.
To the extent applicable, Consensus US will make available to Customer any PHI that Customer maintains using the Secured Service, so that Customer may fulfill its HIPAA obligations to provide individuals with their information access, amendment, and accounting rights. Customer is responsible for managing its use of the Secured Service to appropriately respond to such requests by individuals.
D.
Access to Records.
To the extent required by law and subject to any applicable privileges and immunities, Consensus US will make available to the Secretary of DHHS Consensus US’s internal practices, books, and records concerning PHI transmitted by Customer through the Secured Service, in order for the Secretary of DHHS to assess HIPAA compliance.
V. TERM & TERMINATION
A.
Term.
The term of this BAA shall terminate conterminously with the Agreement, unless sooner terminated in accordance with Section V(B) or V(C). In the event that this BAA is terminated earlier than the Agreement, Customer may continue to use the Secured Service in accordance with the Agreement but must delete any PHI maintained using the Secured Service and cease to create, receive, maintain, and transmit PHI using the Secured Service.
B.
Termination for Cause.
In the case of a material breach of this BAA, the non-breaching Party shall provide written notice promptly upon its discovery of such breach. The breaching Party shall be afforded a thirty (30) day opportunity to cure, after which the non-breaching Party may choose to terminate this BAA and the Agreement if the breaching Party does not reasonably cure the breach.
C.
Other Termination.
This BAA may also be terminated if: (i) the Agreement is terminated or amended to no longer cover Consensus US’s provision of Secured Service to Customer; (ii) HIPAA is amended or superseded such that an agreement such as this is not required; or (iii) both Parties mutually agree to terminate this BAA, provided that either a new HIPAA business associate agreement must be put in place or the service relationship between Consensus US and Customer must terminate in all respects that involve PHI.
D.
Destruction upon Termination.
After termination of this BAA, the Parties shall destroy all PHI associated with Customer that has been maintained on Consensus US’s systems within a reasonable time. To the extent destruction is not feasible, Consensus US will extend the protections of this BAA to the remaining PHI and limit further use and disclosure to the purposes that make destruction infeasible.
VI. GENERAL PROVISIONS
A.
Amendments.
This BAA may be modified or amended by Consensus US upon notice or by posting an updated BAA to the applicable website.
B.
No Third Party Beneficiaries.
This BAA is entered into solely for the benefit of the Parties and has not been entered into for the benefit of any third party, including without limitation, any patients of Customer or their legal representatives.
C.
Invalidity.
If any provision of this BAA is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, this BAA shall be construed as though such invalid or unenforceable provision were omitted, provided that the remainder of this BAA continues to satisfy HIPAA requirements for a business associate agreement. If it does not, then the Consensus US shall, at its discretion, amend the BAA so that it does comply with HIPAA, or terminate this BAA and the service relationship between Consensus US and Customer in all respects that involve PHI.
D.
Integration.
This BAA is subject to the Agreement and contains the entire agreement between the Parties pertaining to HIPAA and PHI, and supersedes all prior understandings, whether written or oral, regarding the same subject matter.
« Back to top
eFax Corporate Customer Agreement
These Terms of Service are effective on October 12, 2024, for current administrators and users, and upon acceptance for new administrators and End users.
1. Consensus Cloud Solutions TERMS OF SERVICE
This Agreement is between you (“you” or “your”), as an authorized user of the eFax Corporate
®
services described in Section 2 below (the “Corporate Service(s)” or the “Service(s)”), and Consensus Cloud Solutions, LLC (“Consensus US”), a Delaware limited liability company, and/or Consensus Cloud Solutions International Ltd. (“Consensus Ireland”), an Irish corporation, and/or J2 Global ANZ Limited, an Irish corporation, (“Consensus ANZ”), and/or J2 Global Japan Y.K. (Consensus Japan) (each, the “Company”), as specified in the following paragraph, and governs the terms and conditions of your use of the Services.
Your Services are provided to you; and you are legally a customer of (i) Consensus US, if you are issued a Service telephone number that is local to the U.S. or Latin America and (ii) Consensus Ireland, if you are issued a Service telephone number that is local to Canada, United Kingdom and/or European Union and (iii) Consensus ANZ, if you are issued a Service telephone number that is local to Australia and/or New Zealand and (iv) Consensus Japan, if you are issued a Service telephone number local to Japan.
The Services are provided to Customers under the terms and conditions of this Terms of Service and all operating rules, policies, price schedules, and other supplemental documents referred to in this CUSTOMER AGREEMENT or published from time to time by the Company (collectively, the “CUSTOMER AGREEMENT”). This CUSTOMER AGREEMENT (which includes the supplemental documents which are expressly incorporated herein) comprises the entire agreement between Customer and the Company and supersedes all prior agreements between the parties regarding the subject matter contained herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer’s use of any software provided by the Company and related to the Service(s) shall be pursuant to a separate agreement governing Customer’s use of such software. BY COMPLETING THE REGISTRATION PROCESS AND CLICKING THE “I ACCEPT” BUTTON, CUSTOMER IS INDICATING ITS AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS CUSTOMER AGREEMENT.
1.1 CUSTOMER’S END USERS
CUSTOMER AGREES THAT IT IS RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL INDIVIDUAL END USERS, INCLUDING ADMINISTRATORS AS DEFINED BELOW, WHO ACCESS AND/OR USE THE SERVICE THROUGH CUSTOMER’S CORPORATE ACCOUNT (“End Users”). Accordingly, the terms, conditions, restrictions and obligations of this CUSTOMER AGREEMENT applicable to Customer (excluding Customer’s payment obligations to the Company) shall be construed also to apply to all Customer’s End Users, and Customer shall be liable for any breach hereof by any of Customer’s End Users. Customer understands and agrees that Customer will have the ability to access all Customer’s End Users’ account activity, including Customer’s altering the configuration of Customer’s End Users’ accounts. Customer will provide to Customer’s End Users all due notices and information regarding Customer’s ability to access, view and control Customer’s End Users’ use of the Service; and Customer will provide Customer’s End Users with sufficient written instruction to ensure Customer’s End Users use the Service in compliance with the terms, conditions, obligations and restrictions set forth herein. Customer acknowledges and agrees that the Company’s “free” services, such as eFax Free
®
and jConnect Free and eVoice Free
®
(“Free Services”) are for PERSONAL, NON-COMMERCIAL USE ONLY. The Company is permitted from time-to-time to audit Customer’s use ofthe Company’s Free Services by comparing Customer’s internal email domain name extensions with the email domain name extensions associated with the Company’s Free Service accounts. Customer agrees to provide the Company upon request with a list of all of domain name extensions used by Customer for its internal email, and to update that list from time-to-time as domain name extensions are added or deleted. In the event the Company discovers that any Free Service account has an email domain name extension identical to any of Customer’s internal email domain name extensions, the Company will notify Customer and Customer will be required to either terminate the violating Free Service account or add that account to their account under this CUSTOMER AGREEMENT. Customer agrees to this CUSTOMER AGREEMENT) at the pricing applicable under this CUSTOMER AGREEMENT.
1.2 CUSTOMER’S ADMINISTRATOR
Once Member’s eFax Corporate account is activated, the Company will automatically send by email, a unique Corp ID and password to the individual designated by Member in the registration process as Member’s administrative contact (the “Administrator”). The Administrator can access eFax Corporate’s Web-based administrative tool using the Corp ID and password at the Web site designated by the Company (the “Administrative tool”). Through the Administrative Tool, the Administrator can assign, reassign or unassign Service telephone numbers to Member’s Users. Member acknowledges and agrees that all Service telephone numbers assigned, reassigned or unassigned through the Administrative Tool shall be deemed to be active accounts for billing and all other purposes under this ETS. In order to remove a Service telephone number from Member’s account, and thereby avoid charges for that account, Member must call eFax Corporate at (888) 226-3466 or email corporatesupport@mail.efax.com to request the removal (deactivation) of said Service telephone number. If you begin the sign up process for the eFax Corporate service process but fail to complete the process, the Company may contact you in an effort to help you sign up for the services or other Company services that may be of interest. You hereby authorize the Company to make such contact, even if you ultimately determine not to sign up for the Service.
2. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES
The Company is providing Member with a capability to send and receive fax documents using electronic mail (“email”) pursuant to the terms set forth herein. Member must: (1) provide all equipment necessary to receive email; (2) provide its own email address to which the fax documents will be routed; and (3) provide for its own access to an email service and pay any access, service or other fees associated with such email services.
2.1 DESCRIPTION AND PRICE OF CORPORATE SERVICE
The Corporate Service currently known as “eFax Corporate” is described here. The price schedule for this Corporate Service, which is incorporated herein by this reference, is available here. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE AGREED, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT BY USING THE CORPORATE SERVICE YOU ARE AGREEING TO A MINIMUM $100 PER MONTH SERVICE COMMITMENT PER ACCOUNT.
a. General
If you signed up for the thirty (30) day trial offer, the activation fee and the subscription fee will be waived for any DID’s added in the first thirty days from account creation. For DID’s added after the first thirty days, you will be charged a $13.95 activation fee for all DID’s and $13.95 subscription fee for local DID’s and a $15.95 subscription fee for toll-free DIDs. As part of this trial offer, you will receive a one-time credit of $50 against your send usage which will expire sixty days following account creation. If you exceed the one-time $50 credit, you will be charged for any overage above the $50 credit. Also, as part of this trial offer, each DID will receive one hundred (100) inbound pages aggregated across the entire account and inbound overage will be charged at $0.10 per page and outbound overage will be charged at the rates set forth here.
In addition to the Corporate Service, Customer has the option to order one of the Company’s secure Corporate Services, “eFax Secure™” or TLS encryption. Please note that a Customer is unable at this time to order both eFax Secure and TLS encryption. Through eFax Secure, Customer receives the same services as eFax Corporate except that an email notification is sent upon receipt of a fax, which contains a secure link to access the fax from a secure 128 SSL bit encrypted storage Inbox dedicated for that telephone number. TLS encryption service enables the Company to route faxes to Customer through encrypted secure email. It ensures that all faxes sent to Customer through the Corporate Service will be routed through a single gateway and will be encrypted as they pass across the Internet. SMTP over TLS (SSL over SMTP) is implemented using the Extended SMTP (E-SMTP) protocol, and is detailed in RFC 3207. The Company TLS transmissions use enforced TLS via an X.509 certificate exchange. The use of TLS is negotiated between SMTP servers by use of a single Service Extension to SMTP, known as STARTTLS. If the request is accepted, the two servers will validate each other’s certificates and the channel then becomes encrypted. After this point, all communications between the servers will be private. For inbound faxing, Customer’s MTA (Mail Transfer Agent) provides its server certificate for authentication. For outbound faxing, the Company’s MTA supplies its server certificate for authentication.
An additional $2 service fee (above and beyond standard eFax Corporate fees) applies for each Service Telephone Number on an eFax Secure Account.
The following additional service fees (above and beyond standard eFax Corporate fees) apply for TLS encryption:
Activation Fee
Monthly License Fee per Account
$100.00
$100.00
2.2 PAYMENT FOR CORPORATE SERVICE
a. Customer agrees to pay all charges for the Corporate Services to which Customer subscribes at the prices and upon the terms set forth in this CUSTOMER AGREEMENT (including all documents incorporated herein) and as updated from time to time by the Company. Customer’s payment obligation for the Corporate Services shall accrue on the date CUSTOMER AGREEMENT is agreed to by Customer (whether or not Customer has provisioned telephone numbers to its End Users or otherwise initiated use of the Services). All charges will be exclusive of value added tax (“VAT”), sales tax or other taxes, except as required by law. The Company reserves the right to change prices or institute new charges for access to or use of Corporate Services at any time upon not less than thirty (30) days’ notice to Customer. All changes will be posted on the
Enterprise.eFax.com
World Wide Web site, and such posting shall be considered sufficient notice to Customer. Customer is responsible for regularly reviewing pricing information so posted to obtain timely notice of such changes. Continued use of Corporate Services or non-termination of Corporate Services after changes are posted constitutes Customer’s acceptance of the prices and/or charges as modified by the posted changes.
b. For all offers except the thirty (30) day trial offer, the Company will charge, in arrears on a monthly billing cycle, to the credit card account provided by Customer all activation, subscription, and usage fees, which charges are hereby authorized by Customer. For the thirty (30) day trial offer, the Company will charge, in advance on a monthly billing cycle which will begin the first day of the month after the end of the trial period, to the credit card account provided by Customer an amount for all activation, subscription, usage fees, and any other fees, such fees are hereby authorized by Customer. Additionally, for all offers, usage charges shall l be charged to the credit card as certain billing thresholds are reached, as established by the Company, within any given billing cycle. Customer further agrees that the Company may submit charges for Customer’s account without further authorization from Customer, until Customer provides prior notice that Customer has terminated this authorization or wishes to change Customer’s designated card. If the payment method for Customer’s account is by credit or debit card and payment is not received by the Company from the card issuer or its agents, Customer agrees to pay all amounts due upon demand by the Company. In order to avoid interruptions in the Services caused by rejected credit or debit card charges, the Company reserves the right to update your credit or debit card details (such as expiration dates or new card numbers) where this is not prohibited by law. You understand and agree that the Company is entitled to obtain such updated card details, store them and use them to bill charges.
c. Alternatively, if Customer chooses to be invoiced, the Company will establish credit and user number limits as deemed appropriate based on Customer’s credit history. In that case, the Company will invoice Customer on a monthly billing cycle either in arrears or in advance depending on the offer as set forth in Section 2.2(2) above, for all activation, subscription, and usage charges, which invoices shall be paid by Customer within thirty (30) days of the date of invoice. Invoices, including billing details, will be delivered to Customer via either mail or in electronic form via email or a webpage. Requests for invoicing outside of this standard must be requested via email to
billinginquiries@consensus.com
. If approved, the Customer will be charged an amount not to exceed $35 per invoice request and the amount will be added to the next month’s invoice. If Customer incurs charges beyond its established credit limit, the Company will be entitled to immediate payment for such charges. Payments not received within thirty days will accrue interest at a rate of one and one-half (1 ½%) percent per month, or the highest rate allowed by applicable law, whichever is lower. Payments shall be made in the currency of the pricing agreed upon by the Company and Customer, either U.S. dollars, British Pound Sterling or Euros.
d. Customer understands and agrees that any activation or other up-front fees are non-refundable, and that the monthly subscription fees are payable on a monthly basis. Cancellation on the first day, or any day, of a monthly period shall be considered as Customer usage for that monthly period and no refund shall be made for that monthly period. With respect to the Company outbound faxing service, the Company will bill you for each attempt made by the Company to send the fax where any transmission occurs whether or not the transmission is completed, such as instances when someone answers the call or transmission is interrupted before completion.
e. If Customer subscribed for eFax Corporate Services pursuant to a special offer granting Customer a thirty (30) day free trial period, Customer’s activation fee for any Service telephone numbers activated after the free trial period and the monthly recurring fee, and any inbound and outbound usage charges, any activation fees and other fees, as applicable, will be PRE-AUTHORIZED AGAINST CUSTOMER’S CREDIT CARD OR DEBIT CARD LIMIT (meaning the amounts pre-authorized will not be considered available credit or debit funds in such account) and will be charged to Customer’s credit or debit card, without further authorization from Customer ,account creation.For Customers who elect to be invoiced, you will be invoiced in advance which will begin the first day of the month after the end of the trial period for the monthly recurring charge, any inbound and outbound usage charges, the activation fees and any other fees for the DIDs. If you cancel before the end of the thirty day period, you will only be responsible for any overages or amounts not included in the free trial. If you cancel after the thirty day period, you will be charged for the full month in which you cancelled unless you cancel on the first day of the month.
f. Customer agrees to reimburse the Company for all costs and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the Company attempting to collect any amount due hereunder, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and other costs of collection. In addition, the Company reserves the right to suspend or terminate Corporate Services without notice for any non-payment of due charges, including but limited to rejection of any credit or debit card charges or if Customer’s card issuer (or its agent or affiliate) seeks return of payments previously made to the Company when the Company believes Customer is liable for the charge. Such rights are in addition to and not in lieu of any other legal rights or remedies available to the Company. In the event of suspension or termination for non-payment, a fee of $100.00 will be charged to reactivate the account.
4. MODIFICATIONS TO TERMS OF SERVICE AND PRIVACY POLICIES
The Company may amend this CUSTOMER AGREEMENT or its privacy policy at any time upon thirty (30) days notice by (i) posting a revised version of this CUSTOMER AGREEMENT or the privacy policy on the
Enterprise.eFax.com
World Wide Web site, and/or (ii) sending information regarding amendments to this CUSTOMER AGREEMENT or the privacy policy to the email address Customer provides to the Company. Customer is responsible for reviewing regularly the
Enterprise.eFax.com
World Wide Web site to obtain timely notice of such amendments. Customer’s continued use of the Service after such thirty (30) day notice period shall be deemed acceptance by Customer of the amended CUSTOMER AGREEMENT or privacy policy. Otherwise, this CUSTOMER AGREEMENT and the privacy policy may not be amended except in writing signed by both parties
5. MODIFICATIONS TO SERVICE
The Company reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service upon thirty (30) days notice to Customer. The Company shall not be liable to Customer or any third party should the Company exercise its right to modify or discontinue the Service.
6. MEMBER ACCOUNT, PASSWORD, AND SECURITY
As part of the registration process, Customer shall be required to provide an email address. Once registered as a Customer of the Service, a password and fax number automatically will be sent to Customer by email. Customer may change Customer’s password to protect Customer’s faxes by accessing the My Account section of the
Enterprise.eFax.com
World Wide Web site. Customer entirely is responsible if Customer does not maintain the confidentiality of Customer’s password, fax number and account information. Furthermore, Customer entirely is responsible for any and all activities which occur under Customer’s account. Customer agrees to notify the Company immediately of any unauthorized use of Customer’s account or any other breach of security known to Customer.
7. FAX STORAGE
If you elect to have storage for your eFax Corporate account, the Company will store fax messages received through your eFax Corporate Number. The Administrator has the ability to set the retention period for stored faxes, measured from the date of receipt of such fax. You may access these faxes through the online eFax Message Center. You acknowledge that the Company may change its practices and limitations concerning storage of fax messages, including without limitation, the maximum number of days that fax messages will be retained, the maximum number of messages stored at any one time, and the maximum storage space that will be allotted on the Company’s servers on your behalf, at any time, as provided for in Section 5. You further agree that, subject to applicable law, the Company has no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the storage, deletion of, or failure to store any fax messages and/or other communications maintained or transmitted by the Services.
You further agree not to use the Services to store (1) any “protected health information” (as such term is used in the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, Pub. L. No. 104-191) unless you are using eFax Secure, or (2) any other type of information that imposes independent obligations upon the Company.
8. FAX SEARCH
If you have elected to have storage for your Corporate account, the Company will scan, perform optical character recognition and index the text of fax messages received through your eFax Corporate Number. The indexed text of these faxes will be searchable through the online eFax Corporate Message Center for as long as the faxes are stored there. The Company may also offer other features and functionality from time to time. You acknowledge that the Company may change its practices and limitations concerning the search and indexing capabilities of fax messages, including without limitation, the features and functionality, at any time as provided for in Section 5. You further agree that, subject to applicable law, the Company has no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the searching or indexing of or failure to search or index any fax messages and/or other communications maintained or transmitted by the Services.
9. LARGE FILE SHARING
If Customer has elected to have storage for its eFax Corporate account, the Administrator can activate a feature that enables End Users to provide third parties access over the Internet to files (“Large File Sharing”). Large File Sharing is available through the eFax Corporate™ website upon login. Files can be uploaded, recipient email addresses added and upon submission recipients receive an email with a link to access the transmitted files. If activated by the Administrator, End Users may upload a maximum of one cumulative gigabyte per each Large File Sharing submission (in a single file, or a combination of multiple files). End Users may designate up to twenty (20) recipients per submission. After submission, the system will email the End User’s recipients a link to the uploaded files. The End User who submitted the Large File Submission may only access the uploaded files if he or she designated him or herself as a recipient. Each recipient may download the transmitted file(s) a maximum of five (5) times over a period of thirty (30) days from the original submission. Customer acknowledges and agrees that Large File Sharing is provided as a convenience only. Furthermore, Customer acknowledges that links to files uploaded through Large File Sharing are public and non-secure, in that such links may be forwarded freely to any third party by the designated recipients, or forwarded by other third parties whom the sending End User did not designate. For that reason, the Company assumes no responsibility for the security, confidentiality or privacy of files uploaded via this feature. By using this feature, Customer acknowledges and agrees: (i) to assume sole responsibility for the content of any files uploaded, hosted and/or transmitted by any End User; and (ii) to assume any liability arising from any End User’s transmission of, and/or any third party’s receipt of, any End User’s uploaded files, even if the sending End User did not designate such third party as a recipient in the original Large File Sharing submission. The Company further disclaims any liability or responsibility for any failure or malfunction of this feature, whether or not such failure prevents Customer or and End User from utilizing the feature, including but not limited to: an error in the Large File Sharing submission process; deletion of or failure to store any uploaded files; non-receipt of requested notification emails; broken or non-functional links to files that an End User may have uploaded; or rejection of an end User’s files for any reason, including due to a virus in one of the End User’s files. The Company may discontinue or change the terms under which this feature is provided to Customer at any time, including, without limitation, changes in the maximum number of days that uploaded files are retained, the maximum cumulative upload size of each submission, the maximum number of uploaded files stored at any one time and/or the maximum storage space that will be allotted on the Company’s servers to store the uploaded files. In the event that the Company, in its sole discretion, determines or suspects that any uploaded file(s) constitute(s), or may give rise to, a violation of any law or regulation or this Customer Agreement, or Customer or any End User is otherwise in breach of any provision of this Customer Agreement, the Company reserves the right to remove Customer’s, or any End User’s, stored file(s) and/or to deactivate links to stored file(s) without further notice to Customer.
10. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
CUSTOMER EXPRESSLY AGREES THAT USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT CUSTOMER’S SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. THE COMPANY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANT-ABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE COMPANY MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICE WILL MEET CUSTOMER’S REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR FREE; NOR DOES THE COMPANY MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE OR AS TO THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY COMMUNICATIONS OR TRANSMISSIONS, OR THE ACCURACY OF ANY TRANSLATION OR ALTERATION OF CUSTOMER’S TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA, OR THE ACCURACY OF ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE SERVICE, OR THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY FILTERING TECHNOLOGY USED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN
EFAX.COM
SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED. CUSTOMER UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DONE AT CUSTOMER’S OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT CUSTOMER WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO CUSTOMER’S COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF SUCH MATERIAL AND/OR DATA. CUSTOMER ASSUMES FULL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK OF LOSS RESULTING FROM UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS, DATA OR FILES UPLOADED, HOSTED OR TRANSMITTED VIA THE LARGE FILE SEND FEATURE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER ARISING UNDER ANY THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. THE COMPANY MAKES NO WARRANTY REGARDING ANY GOODS OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED THROUGH THE SERVICE OR ANY TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH THE SERVICE. THE COMPANY ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE DELETION OR FAILURE TO STORE FAX AND EMAIL MESSAGES. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY CUSTOMER FROM THE COMPANY OR THROUGH THE SERVICE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO CUSTOMER.
11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE OR FOR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES OR RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH THE SERVICE OR RESULTING FROM UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF CUSTOMER’S TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE, EVEN IF THE COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE COMPANY LIABILITY TO CUSTOMER S OR ANY THIRD PARTIES IS LIMITED TO $50. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SO SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO CUSTOMER.
12. NO RESALE OF THE SERVICE
Customer agrees not to resell the use of the Service.
13. SERVICES PROVIDED BY OTHER SERVICE PROVIDERS
The Company offers the Service to its Customers as a capability, consistent with the terms and conditions hereof, for generating, acquiring, transforming, processing, utilizing or making available information via telecommunications services purchased from telecommunications carriers (“Carriers”) and information services purchased from other ISPs. The Company does not provide or resell telecommunications services, but where necessary may obtain and integrate telecommunications services from Carriers as part of the Service it offers to its Customers. The per minute charge, if any, charged by the Company to its Customers for any or all of the Services includes: (a) the charges, surcharges, taxes, fees, and assessments, without limitation, imposed on the Company by Carriers, calculated on a per minute basis (“Carrier charges”), and (b) a Service management fee equal to the difference, if any, between the charges imposed by the Company for any or all of the Services and Carriers’ charges.
14. CUSTOMER CONDUCT
Customer solely is responsible for the contents of its transmissions through the Service, and the Company simply acts as a passive conduit for Customer to send and receive information of Customer’s own choosing. However, the Company reserves the right to take any action with respect to the Service that the Company deems necessary or appropriate in the Company’s sole discretion if the Company believes Customer or Customer’s information may create liability for the Company, compromise or disrupt the Service for Customer or other the Company subscribers, or may cause the Company to lose (in whole or in part) the services ofthe Company’s ISPs or other suppliers. Customer’s use of the Service is subject to all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations (including without limitation those governing account collection, export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising). Customer agrees: (1) to comply with US law regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States through the Service; (2) not to use the Service for illegal purposes; (3) not to interfere or disrupt networks connected to the Service; (4) to comply with all regulations, policies and procedures of networks connected to the Service; (5) not to use the Service to infringe any third party’s copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy; and (6) not to transmit through the Service any unlawful, harassing, libelous, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene or otherwise objectionable material of any kind or nature. Customer further agrees not to transmit any material that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national or international law or regulation. The Service makes use of the Internet for Customer to send and receive information of Customer’s own choosing; therefore, Customer’s conduct is subject to Internet regulations, policies and procedures. Customer will not use or reference the Service for chain letters, junk fax or junk mail, spamming or any use of distribution lists to any person who has not given specific permission to be included in such a process, and will not attempt to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. Customer shall not interfere with another Customer’s use and enjoyment of the Service or another entity’s use and enjoyment of similar services.
15. JUNK FAX/SPAM DROP-BOX POLICY
At eFax
®
, we’re dedicated to protecting your privacy and keeping fax spam out of your inbox. Our commitment to you is simple:
We don’t sell or disclose your fax number, ever
We will never send you any faxes
We don’t sell or share your email or contact details
Help Us Block Spam Faxes
Under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991, it is a violation of Federal law to transmit an unsolicited advertisement by facsimile. This means that it is illegal to send a fax unless the recipient has expressly agreed to receive faxes from the sender, or the sender and receiver have an existing business relationship.
Despite our best efforts, you may receive unsolicited faxes on occasion. In order to assist us in our effort to lead the fight against unsolicited junk faxes, please take the following steps if you are in receipt of an unsolicited fax:
If the unsolicited fax contains a telephone number or other contact details, please contact the sender at once and request to have your fax number removed from their list.
If the sender persists, eFax Corporate subscribers may contact eFax
®
Customer Support and request another fax number.
Thank you for helping us stop illegal fax advertising.
16. INDEMNIFICATION
Customer agrees to indemnify and hold the Company, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Customer’s use of the Service, the violation of this CUSTOMER AGREEMENT by Customer, or the infringement by Customer, or other user of the Service using Customer’s computer, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.
17. TERM AND TERMINATION
This CUSTOMER AGREEMENT shall commence on the date it is entered into by Customer and shall continue in full force and effect for a period of one (1) month, and thereafter this CUSTOMER AGREEMENT shall automatically renew on a monthly basis. At any time, either party may terminate this CUSTOMER AGREEMENT without cause upon prior written notice. In addition, this CUSTOMER AGREEMENT may be terminated at any time by either party upon written notice if the other party (a) ceases to function as a going concern or to conduct operations in the normal course of business, or (b) has a petition filed by or against it under any state or federal bankruptcy or insolvency laws (or their foreign equivalents) which petition has not been dismissed or set aside within sixty (60) days of filing. The Company shall not be liable to Customer or any third party for termination of this CUSTOMER AGREEMENT or the Service. Upon termination of the Service or this CUSTOMER AGREEMENT, Customer’s right to use the Service immediately ceases. Customer shall have no right and the Company will have no obligation thereafter to forward any unread or unsent messages to Customer or any third party. Customer shall have no right and the Company will have no obligation after termination to refund any pre-paid amounts to Customer , except as otherwise provided herein. The Company reserves the right to refuse the Service to any Customer who has cancelled any number of previous Service
acc
ounts
.
18. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS TO CONTENT
Customer acknowledges that content, including but not limited to text, software, music, sound, photographs, video, graphics or other material contained in either sponsor advertisements or email-distributed, commercially produced information presented to Customer by the Service (“Content”) by the Company or the Company’s Advertisers, is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws; therefore, Customer is only permitted to use this Content as expressly authorized by the Service or the Advertiser. Customer may not copy, reproduce, distribute, or create derivative works from this Content without expressly being authorized to do so by the Service or the Advertiser.
19. GENERAL TERMS
IF YOU ARE A CUSTOMER OF CONSENSUS US, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, U.S.A., EXCLUDING ITS CONFLICTS-OF-LAW RULES, GOVERN THIS AGREEMENT AND YOUR USE OF THE COMPANY’S SOFTWARE AND THE SERVICES.
IF YOU ARE A CUSTOMER OF CONSENSUS IRELAND, THE LAWS OF IRELAND, EXCLUDING ITS CONFLICTS-OF-LAW RULES, GOVERN THIS AGREEMENT AND YOUR USE OF COMPANY SOFTWARE AND SERVICES AND COURTS OF IRELAND SHALL HAVE THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION FOR ANY CLAIMS OR DISPUTES RELATING TO THE SERVICES OR THIS AGREEMENT.
IF YOU ARE A CUSTOMER OF CONSENSUS ANZ, THE LAWS OF AUSTRALIA, EXCLUDING ITS CONFLICTS-OF-LAW RULES, GOVERN THIS AGREEMENT AND YOUR USE OF COMPANY SOFTWARE AND SERVICES AND COURTS OF AUSTRALIA SHALL HAVE THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION FOR ANY CLAIMS OR DISPUTES RELATING TO THE SERVICES OR THIS AGREEMENT.
IF YOU ARE A CUSTOMER OF CONSENSUS JAPAN, THE LAWS OF JAPAN, EXCLUDING ITS CONFLICTS-OF-LAW RULES, GOVERN THIS AGREEMENT AND YOUR USE OF COMPANY SOFTWARE AND SERVICES AND COURTS OF TOKYO, JAPAN SHALL HAVE THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION FOR ANY CLAIMS OR DISPUTES RELATING TO THE SERVICES OR THIS AGREEMENT.
The UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly disclaimed. Nothing in this section shall restrict either of the parties from resorting to the courts or arbitration in any jurisdiction in order to collect, enforce or execute any judgment obtained in the State of California. If any provision of this CUSTOMER AGREEMENT is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck and the remaining provisions shall be enforced. The Company’s failure to act with respect to a breach by Customer or others does not waive the Company’s right to act with respect to that or subsequent or similar breaches. Customer may not assign or transfer this CUSTOMER AGREEMENT or any rights hereunder, and any attempt to the contrary is void. The Company shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting directly or indirectly from any causes beyond the Company’s reasonable control. Customer agrees that the Company may communicate with Customer via email and any similar technology for purposes relating to Customer’s Customer ship or the Service and any other services provided or which may in the future be provided by the Company or on the Company’s behalf. This CUSTOMER AGREEMENT Customer Agreement forth the entire understanding and agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.
The Service hereunder is offered by the Company, located at:
Consensus US: Consensus Cloud Solutions, LLC, 700 S. Flower St., 15th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90017, U.S.A., ATTN: Legal
Consensus Ireland: Unit 3, Woodford Business Park, Santry, Dublin 17, ATTN: Legal
Consensus ANZ: Unit 3, Woodford Business Park, Santry, Dublin 17, ATTN: Legal
Consensus Japan: Marunouchi Kitaguchi Building 10F, 1-6-5 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, ATTN: Legal
Information about fees for services offered by the Company are available at the Company’s corporate web site www.consensus.com.
20. AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE ALL DISPUTES
a. Customer and the Company agree that all disputes and claims between Customer and the Company shall be settled by binding arbitration instead of in courts of general jurisdiction. This Customer Agreement to arbitrate is intended to be broadly interpreted and includes, but is not limited to any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to the Services, the Company software, the Company’s websites, the Customer Agreement or any aspect of the relationship between Customer and the Company. Customer agrees that, by agreeing to the Customer Agreement, the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision, and that Customer and Company are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party maybring an individual action in small claims court. This arbitration provision does not preclude Customer from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies, including, for example, the Federal Communications Commission. Such agencies can, if the law allows, seek relief against the Company on Customer’s behalf. This arbitration provision shall survive termination of this Customer Agreement and the termination of Customer’s account.
b. A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other, by certified mail, a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”). The Notice to the Company should be addressed to: Consensus, Inc., ATTN: Legal Department, 700 S. Flower St., 15th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90017, USA (“Notice Address”). The Notice must (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (b) set forth the specific relief sought (“Demand”). If the Company and Customer do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within 30 days after the Notice is received, Customer or the Company may commence an arbitration proceeding. During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by the Company or Customer shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator determines the amount, if any, to which Customer or the Company is entitled. Customer may download or copy a form Notice and a form to initiate arbitration at
www.adr.org
. If Customer is required to pay a filing fee, after the Company receives notice at the Notice Address that Customer has commenced arbitration, it will promptly reimburse Customer for Customer’s payment of the filing fee, unless Customer’s claim is for greater than US$10,000.
c. The arbitration will be governed by the Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively, “AAA Rules”) of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), as modified by the Customer Agreement, and will be administered by the AAA. The AAA Rules and Forms are available online at
www.adr.org
. The arbitrator is bound by the terms of the Customer Agreement. All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, including issues relating to the scope and enforceability of this arbitration provision. Unless the Company and Customer agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place by video or telephone conference. If Customer’s claim is for US$10,000 or less, the Company agrees that Customer may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules. If Customer’s claim exceeds US$10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. The arbitrator is not authorized to award punitive or other damages not measured by the prevailing party’s actual damages, and may not, in any event, make any ruling, finding or award that does not conform to the terms and conditions of the Customer Agreement.
d. The Company may make a written settlement offer anytime before an arbitrator is selected. If the arbitrator issues Customer an award that is greater than the value of the Company’s last written settlement offer made before an arbitrator was selected (or if the Company did not make a settlement offer before an arbitrator was selected), then the Company will pay Customer the amount of the award or US$1,000, whichever is greater. Except as expressly set forth herein, the payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA Rules.
e. CUSTOMER AND THE COMPANY AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN CUSTOMER’S OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Further, unless both Customer and the Company agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims with Customer’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim.
eFax Privacy Policy
This Policy
Collection of Personal Data
Creation of Personal Data
Categories of Personal Data we may Process
Lawful basis for Processing Personal Data
Sensitive Personal Data
Purposes for which we may Process your Personal Data
Disclosure of Personal Data to third parties
International transfer of Personal Data
Data security
Data accuracy
Data minimization
Data retention
Your legal rights
Cookies and similar technologies (Cookie Policy)
Terms of Use
Direct marketing
Contact details
Definitions
California Consumer Privacy Act Addendum
A. This Policy
Summary – This Policy
This Policy explains how we may Process your Personal Data. This Policy may be amended or updated from time to time, so please check it regularly for updates.
This Policy is issued by Consensus Cloud Solutions, LLC (operating as part of Consensus®) on behalf of itself, its subsidiaries and its affiliates (together, ”
Company
“, ”
we
“, ”
us
” and ”
our
“) and is addressed to individuals outside our organization with whom we interact, including customers, visitors to our Sites, users of our Apps, and other users of our services (together, ”
you
“).Defined terms used in this Policy are explained in Section (S) below.
For the purposes of this Policy, Company is the Controller. This Policy covers the information practices relating to Company websites for the eFax brand and services (“Services”) offered now or in the future. Contact details are provided in Section (R) below.
This Policy may be amended or updated from time to time to reflect changes in our practices with respect to the Processing of Personal Data, or changes in applicable law. We encourage you to read this Policy carefully, and to regularly check this page to review any changes we might make in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
« Back to top
B. Collection of Personal Data
Summary – Collection of Personal Data
We may collect or obtain Personal Data about you: directly from you (e.g., where you contact us); in the course of our relationship with you (e.g., if you make a purchase); when you make your Personal Data public (e.g., if you make a public post about us on social media); when you download, install, or use any of our Apps; when you visit our Sites; when you register to use any of our Sites, Apps, or services; or when you interact with any third party content or advertising on a Site or in an App. We may also receive Personal Data about you from third parties (e.g., law enforcement authorities).
Collection of Personal Data:
We may collect Personal Data about you from the following sources:
Data you provide: We may obtain your Personal Data when you provide it to us (e.g., where you contact us via email or telephone, or by any other means, or when you provide us with your business card).
Relationship data: We may collect or obtain your Personal Data in the ordinary course of our relationship with you (e.g., if you purchase a service from us).
Data you make public: We may collect or obtain your Personal Data that you manifestly choose to make public, including via social media (e.g., we may collect information from your social media profile(s), if you make a public post about us).
App data: We may collect or obtain your Personal Data when you download or use any of our Apps.
Site data: We may collect or obtain your Personal Data when you visit any of our Sites or use any features or resources available on or through a Site.
Registration details: We may collect or obtain your Personal Data when you use, or register to use, any of our Sites, Apps, or services.
Content and advertising information: If you choose to interact with any third party content or advertising on a Site or in an App, we may receive Personal Data about you from the relevant third party.
Third party information:We may collect or obtain your Personal Data from third parties who provide it to us (e.g., credit reference agencies; law enforcement authorities; etc.).
C. Creation of Personal Data
We may also create Personal Data about you, such as records of your interactions with us, and details of your purchase history for internal administration purposes and analysis.
« Back to top
D. Categories of Personal Data we may Process
Summary – Categories of Personal Data we may Process
We may Process: your personal details (e.g., your name); demographic data (e.g., your age); your contact details (e.g., your address); records of your consents; purchase details; payment details (e.g., your billing address); information about our Sites and Apps (e.g., the type of device you are using); details of your employer (where relevant); information about your interactions with our content or advertising; and any views or opinions you provide to us.
We may Process the following categories of Personal Data about you:
Personal details: given name(s); preferred name; and photograph.
Demographic information: gender; date of birth/age; nationality; salutation; job title/industry; and language preferences.
Contact details: correspondence address; telephone number; email address; and details of your public social media profile(s).
Consent records: records of any consents you may have given, together with the date and time, means of consent and any related information (e.g., the subject matter of the consent).
Purchase details: records of purchases and prices.
Payment details: invoice records; payment records; billing address; payment method; bank account number or credit card number; cardholder or accountholder name; card or account security details; card ‘valid from’ date; and card expiry date; BACS details; SWIFT details; IBAN details; payment amount; payment date; and records of checks.
Data relating to our Sites and Apps: device type; operating system; browser type; browser settings; IP address; language settings; dates and times of connecting to a Site; App usage statistics; App settings; dates and times of connecting to an App; location data, and other technical communications information (some of which may constitute Personal Data); username; password; security login details; usage data; aggregate statistical information.
Employer details: where you interact with us in your capacity as an employee, the contact information of your employer (including name, address, telephone number and email address) to the extent relevant.
Content and advertising data: records of your interactions with our online advertising and content, records of advertising and content displayed on pages or App screens displayed to you, and any interaction you may have had with such content or advertising (including mouse hover, mouse clicks, any forms you complete (including incomplete forms not submitted) and any touchscreen interactions).
Views and opinions: any views and opinions that you choose to send to us, or publicly post about us on social media platforms.
« Back to top
E. Lawful basis for Processing Personal Data
Summary – Lawful basis for Processing Personal Data
We may Process your Personal Data where: you have given your prior, express consent; the Processing is necessary for a contract between you and us; the Processing is required by applicable law; the Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of any individual; or where we have a valid legitimate interest in the Processing.
In Processing your Personal Data in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy, we may rely on one or more of the following legal bases, depending on the circumstances:
Consent: We may Process your Personal Data where we have obtained your prior, express consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way);
Contractual necessity: We may Process your Personal Data where the Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you may enter into with us;
Compliance with applicable law: We may Process your Personal Data where the Processing is required by applicable law;
Vital interests: We may Process your Personal Data where the Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of any individual; or
Legitimate interests: We may Process your Personal Data where we have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of managing, operating or promoting our business, and that legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms.
« Back to top
F. Sensitive Personal Data
Summary – Sensitive Personal Data
We do not seek to collect or otherwise Process your Sensitive Personal Data. Where we need to Process your Sensitive Personal Data for a legitimate purpose, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
We do not seek to collect or otherwise Process your Sensitive Personal Data in the ordinary course of our business. Where it becomes necessary to process your Sensitive Personal Data for any reason, we rely on one of the following legal bases:
Compliance with applicable law: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where the Processing is required or permitted by applicable law (e.g., to comply with our diversity reporting obligations);
Detection and prevention of crime: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where the Processing is necessary for the detection or prevention of crime (including the prevention of fraud);
Establishment, exercise or defence of legal rights: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where the Processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal rights; or
Consent: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where we have, in accordance with applicable law, obtained your prior, express consent prior to Processing your Sensitive Personal Data (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
« Back to top
G. Purposes for which we may Process your Personal Data
Summary – Purposes for which we may Process your Personal Data
We may Process your Personal Data for the following purposes: providing services to you; operating our Sites and Apps; communicating with you; managing our IT systems; health and safety; financial management; conducting surveys; ensuring the security of our premises and systems; conducting investigations where necessary; compliance with applicable law; and improving our Sites, Apps, and services.
The purposes for which we may Process Personal Data, subject to applicable law, include:
Provision of services to you: providing our Sites, Apps, and services to you; communicating with you in relation to those services, and providing you with promotional items at your request or in connection with those services or similar services.
Our Sites and Apps: operating and managing our Sites and our Apps; providing content to you; displaying advertising and other information to you; communicating and interacting with you via our Sites and our Apps; identifying issues with our Sites and Apps and planning improvements to or creating new Sites and Apps; and notifying you of changes to any of our Sites, our Apps, or our services.
Communications: communicating with you via any means (including via email, telephone, text message, social media, post or in person) news items and other information in which you may be interested, subject to ensuring that such communications are provided to you in compliance with applicable law; maintaining and updating your contact information where appropriate; and obtaining your prior, opt-in consent where required.
Communications and IT operations: management of our communications systems; operation of IT security systems; and IT security audits.
Health and safety: health and safety assessments and record keeping; and compliance with related legal obligations.
Financial management: sales; finance; corporate audit; and vendor management.
Surveys: engaging with you for the purposes of obtaining your views on our services.
Security: physical security of our premises (including records of visits to our premises; and CCTV recordings); and electronic security (including login records and access details).
Investigations: detecting, investigating and preventing breaches of policy, and criminal offences, in accordance with applicable law.
Legal proceedings: establishing, exercising and defending legal rights.
Legal compliance: compliance with our legal and regulatory obligations under applicable law.
Improving our Sites, Apps, services: identifying issues with our Sites, our Apps, or our services; planning improvements to our Sites, our Apps, or our services; and creating new Sites, Apps, or services.
« Back to top
H. Disclosure of Personal Data to third parties
Summary – Disclosure of Personal Data to third parties
We may disclose your Personal Data to: legal and regulatory authorities; our external advisors; our Processors; any party as necessary in connection with legal proceedings; any party as necessary for investigating, detecting or preventing criminal offences; any purchaser of our business; and any third party providers of advertising, plugins or content used on our Sites or our Apps.
We may disclose your Personal Data to other entities within the Company group, for legitimate business purposes (including operating our Sites and our Apps, and providing services to you), in accordance with applicable law. In addition, we may disclose your Personal Data to:
legal and regulatory authorities, upon request, or for the purposes of reporting any actual or suspected breach of applicable law or regulation;
outside professional advisors (such as accountants, auditors, or lawyers), subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality;
third party Processors (such as payment services providers; data centers; etc.), located anywhere in the world, subject to the requirements noted below in this Section (H);
any relevant party, law enforcement agency or court, to the extent necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal rights;
any relevant party for the purposes of prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties, including safeguarding against and the prevention of threats to public security;
any relevant third party acquirer(s), in the event that we sell or transfer all or any relevant portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation); and
any relevant third party provider, where our Sites and our Apps use third party advertising, plugins or content. If you choose to interact with any such advertising, plugins or content, your Personal Data may be shared with the relevant third party provider. We recommend that you review that third party’s privacy policy before interacting with its advertising, plugins or content.
If we engage a third-party Processor to Process your Personal Data, the Processor will be subject to binding contractual obligations to: (i) only Process the Personal Data in accordance with our prior written instructions; and (ii) use measures to protect the confidentiality and security of the Personal Data; together with any additional requirements under applicable law.
« Back to top
I. International transfer of Personal Data
Summary – International transfer of Personal Data
We may transfer your Personal Data to recipients in other countries. Where we transfer Personal Data from the EEA to a recipient outside the EEA that is not in an Adequate Jurisdiction, we do so on the basis of Standard Contractual Clauses.
Because of the international nature of our business, we may need to transfer your Personal Data within the Company group, and to third parties as noted in Section (H) above, in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy. For this reason, we may transfer your Personal Data to other countries that may have different laws and data protection compliance requirements to those that apply in the country in which you are located.
Where we transfer your Personal Data from the EEA to recipients located outside the EEA who are not in Adequate Jurisdictions, we do so on the basis of Standard Contractual Clauses. You may request a copy of our Standard Contractual Clauses using the contact details provided in Section (R) below.
Please note that when you transfer any Personal Data directly to a Company entity established outside the EEA, we are not responsible for that transfer of your Personal Data. We will nevertheless Process your Personal Data, from the point at which we receive the data, in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
« Back to top
J. Data security
Summary – Data security
We implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your Personal Data. Please ensure that any Personal Data that you send to us is sent securely.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect your Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure, unauthorized access, and other unlawful or unauthorized forms of Processing, in accordance with applicable law.
Because the internet is an open system, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will implement all reasonable measures to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to us using the internet – any such transmission is at your own risk and you are responsible for ensuring that any Personal Data that you send to us are sent securely.
« Back to top
K. Data accuracy
Summary – Data accuracy
We take every reasonable step to ensure that your Personal Data are kept accurate and up-to-date and are erased or rectified if we become aware of inaccuracies.
We take every reasonable step to ensure that:
your Personal Data that we Process are accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date; and
any of your Personal Data that we Process that you inform us is inaccurate (having regard to the purposes for which they are Processed) are erased or rectified.
« Back to top
L. Data minimization
Summary – Data minimization
We take every reasonable step to limit the volume of your Personal Data that we Process to what is necessary.
We take every reasonable step to ensure that your Personal Data that we Process are limited to the Personal Data reasonably necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy or as required to provide you services or access to our Apps and Sites.
« Back to top
M. Data retention
Summary – Data retention
We take every reasonable step to ensure that your Personal Data are only retained for as long as they are needed.
We take every reasonable step to ensure that your Personal Data are only Processed for the minimum period necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy.
The criteria for determining the duration for which we will keep your Personal Data are as follows: we will retain copies of your Personal Data in a form that permits identification only for as long as is necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy, unless applicable law requires a longer retention period. In particular, we may retain your Personal Data for the duration of any period necessary to establish, exercise or defend any legal rights.
« Back to top
N. Your legal rights
Summary – Your legal rights
Under applicable law, you may have a number of rights, including: the right not to provide your Personal Data to us; the right of access to your Personal Data; the right to request rectification of inaccuracies; the right to request the erasure, or restriction of Processing, of your Personal Data; the right to object to the Processing of your Personal Data; the right to have your Personal Data transferred to another Controller; the right to withdraw consent; and the right to lodge complaints with Data Protection Authorities. We may require proof of your identity before we can give effect to these rights.
Subject to applicable law, you may have a number of rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data, including:
the right not to provide your Personal Data to us (however, please note that we may be unable to provide you with the full benefit of our Sites, our Apps, or our services, if you do not provide us with your Personal Data – e.g., we may not be able to process your orders without the necessary details);
the right to request access to, or copies of, your Relevant Personal Data, together with information regarding the nature, Processing and disclosure of those Relevant Personal Data;
the right to request rectification of any inaccuracies in your Relevant Personal Data;
the right to request, on legitimate grounds:
erasure of your Relevant Personal Data; or
restriction of Processing of your Relevant Personal Data;
the right to object, on legitimate grounds, to the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data by us or on our behalf;
the right to have certain Relevant Personal Data transferred to another Controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, to the extent applicable;
where we Process your Relevant Personal Data on the basis of your consent, the right to withdraw that consent (noting that such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of any Processing performed prior to the date on which we receive notice of such withdrawal, and does not prevent the Processing of your Personal Data in reliance upon any other available legal bases); and
the right to lodge complaints with a Data Protection Authority regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data by us or on our behalf.
This does not affect your statutory rights.
To exercise one or more of these rights, or to ask a question about these rights or any other provision of this Policy, or about our Processing of your Personal Data, please use the contact details provided in Section (R) below. Please note that:
we may require proof of your identity before we can give effect to these rights; and
where your request requires the establishment of additional facts (e.g., a determination of whether any Processing is non-compliant with applicable law) we will investigate your request reasonably promptly, before deciding what action to take.
« Back to top
O. Cookies and similar technologies (Cookie Policy)
Summary – Cookies and similar technologies
We may Process your Personal Data by placing or reading Cookies and similar technologies. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy below.
This policy provides detailed information about how and when we use cookies. This cookie policy applies to the eFax products or services websites that link to this policy or incorporates it by reference.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a piece of data stored on your computer and tied to information about you. By using and browsing our Sites, you consent to the use by us and third parties of cookies and other technologies in accordance with this Policy.
What are the different types of cookies?
First party cookies are our own cookies set by our Site, controlled by us, and used to provide information about the usage of our Site.
Third party cookies are cookies from any other domain. Some of our business partners (for example, third-party advertisers) may use cookies on the Site, in emails or in our advertisements on other websites to allow them to deliver the services they are providing. In order to create a user-friendly experience, some of our third-party promotions and advertisements are designed to automatically transmit users’ information onto the third party’s landing page when you choose to “click” upon a third party’s advertisement or promotion. We do not control these third parties or their use of cookies. As such, this Policy covers the use of cookies by the Company and does not cover the use of cookies by any third-party advertisers. Please check the websites of those third parties for details on how they use cookies.
How long do cookies stay on your computer?
Two types of cookies may be used on the Site, session cookies and persistent cookies.
Session cookies are temporary cookies that remain in your browser or device until you leave the site; they are deleted from your device once you leave the Service.
Persistent cookies are small files stored on your hard drive until you delete them or until they reach their expiry date. These may, for example, be used to remember your preferences when you use the Site, recognize you on your return, and enhance your experience on the Site (see more about profiles below). Use of a persistent cookie is not linked to any personally identifiable information while on the Site except if you choose to store your user names and PINs so that you do not have to enter them each time you access your accounts. Then, a persistent cookie will be stored on your computer, which is linked to your account information. If you reject the persistent cookie, you may still use the Site but you will be limited in some areas of it.
How do we use cookies?
We may use cookies for the following purposes (either on our own or by using third party services):
Authentication and Preferences: Cookies can be used to recognize you when you visit our Sites, remember your preferences (such as languages and communication preferences), and customize your experience with using our Sites and Services.
Security: Cookies may enable and support our security features and to help us detect malicious activity.
Advertising: Cookies allow us to bring you advertising both on and off our Sites. We may also use a cookie to learn whether someone who saw an ad later visited and took an action on the advertiser’s site. Similarly, our partners may use a cookie to determine whether we’ve shown an ad and how it performed, or provide us with information about how you interact with ads. We may also work with a partner to show you an ad on or off our Sites, such as after you have visited a partner’s site or application.
Analytics: We use cookies to understand, improve, and research products, features, and services, including when you access our Sites from other websites, applications, or devices such as your mobile device.
Geo-Location Information: Some devices allow applications to access real-time location-based information (for example, GPS). Some photos or other contact you place within our Service may contain recorded location information. We may use this information to optimize your experience. Also, some of the information we collect from a device, for example IP address, can sometimes be used to approximate a device’s location.
Flash Cookies: We may, in certain situations, use Adobe Flash Player to deliver special content, such as video clips or animation. Flash cookies are stored on your device, but they are managed through an interface that is different from the one provided by your web browser. This means that it is not possible to manage Flash cookies at the browser level in the same way you would manage other types of cookies. Instead, you can access your Flash management tools from Adobe’s website directly.
Our List of Cookies may provide you with more information on the cookies used on our Sites. Note, the names of cookies, pixels and other technologies may change over time.
What other technologies do we use?
Log Files: Like most websites, our servers use log files to analyze trends, administer our sites, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. The log file information consists of IP addresses, browser type, browser language, referring URL, platform type, etc., and is not linked to identifiable personal information.
Clear Gifs: Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and we may use them to track the online movements of our users. Clear gifs are invisible on the page and are much smaller than cookies, about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We may also use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by the recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
Profile: We may store information that we collect to create a profile of our users. A profile is stored information that we keep on individual users that detail their viewing preferences. Consequently, collected information may be tied to users’ personally identifiable information to improve the content of the Site for users, improve our Services and provide new services that are likely to be of interest to users and to direct pertinent product updates and marketing promotions to users if they have opted in to receive those promotions. We do not share personally identifiable elements of a user’s profile with other third parties. User profiles are shared in aggregate form only.
Do Not Track Response: Certain web browsers may allow you to enable a “do not track” option that sends signals to the websites you visit indicating that you do not want your online activities tracked. This is different from blocking cookies as browsers with the “do not track” option selected may still accept cookies. Right now, there is no industry standard for how companies should respond to “do not track” signals, although one may be adopted in the future. We do not respond to “do not track” signals at this time. If we do so in the future, we will modify this Privacy Policy accordingly. More information about “do not track” is available at www.allaboutdnt.org.
Can I Change My Cookie Preferences?
Browser settings allow you to choose whether or not to accept cookies or limit certain cookies. Most browsers also provide functionality that lets you review and erase cookies. If you use our Sites without changing your browser settings, we will assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on our Sites. Please be aware that if cookies are disabled, not all features of the Site may operate as intended.
Your mobile operating system may let you opt out from having your information collected or used for interest-based advertising on mobile devices. You should refer to the instructions provided by your mobile device’s manufacturer, but this functionality is usually available in the “Settings” section of your device. You can also stop us from collecting information through our applications by uninstalling our applications.
For more information about these specialized cookies and other technologies, and to learn more about behavioral advertising or to opt out of this type of advertising for some companies, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org or http://networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp.
« Back to top
P. Terms of Use
Summary – Terms of Use
The Customer Agreement located on our website will govern all use of our Sites and our Apps.
All use of our Sites, our Apps, or our services is subject to our Customer Agreement, available at https://ww2.efax.com/legal#agreement. We recommend that you review our Customer Agreement regularly, in order to review any changes we might make from time to time.
« Back to top
Q. Direct marketing
Summary – Direct marketing
We may Process your Personal Data to contact you with information regarding services that may be of interest to you. You may unsubscribe for free at any time.
We may Process your Personal Data to contact you via email, telephone, direct mail or other communication formats to provide you with information regarding services that may be of interest to you. If we provide services to you, we may send information to you regarding our services, upcoming promotions and other information that may be of interest to you, using the contact details that you have provided to us and always in compliance with applicable law.
You may unsubscribe from our promotional email list at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every promotional email we send. We will not send you promotional emails from a list you have selected to be unsubscribed from, but we may continue to contact you to the extent necessary for the purposes of any services you have requested or from additional lists you have signed up under.
« Back to top
R. Contact details
Summary – A
You may contact us via
Consensus DSAR Form
,
privacy@consensus.com
, or the address set out below. You may contact our Data Protection Officer at the address set forth below or by emailing
dpo@consensus.com.
To submit a Data Subject Access Request, a Data Subject Erasure Request, or to exercise other rights under the GDPR, please use the following form:
Consensus DSAR Form
.
If you wish to be taken off our contact list for direct marketing, please contact
faxunsubscribe@consensus.com
If you have any comments, questions or concerns about any of the information in this Policy, or any other issues relating to the Processing of Personal Data carried out by us, or on our behalf, please contact:
Consensus Cloud Solutions, LLC700 S. Flower St., 15th FloorLos Angeles, CA 90017Attn: Fax.com / Legal Department
privacy@consensus.com
The Company, or Company affiliate, has appointed a Data Protection Officer who may be contacted at
dpo@consensus.com
.
« Back to top
S. Definitions
”
App
” means any application made available by us (including where we make such applications available via third party stores or marketplaces, or by any other means).
”
Adequate Jurisdiction
” a jurisdiction that has been formally designated by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of protection for Personal Data.
”
Cookie
” means a small file that is placed on your device when you visit a website (including our Sites). In this Policy, a reference to a “Cookie” includes analogous technologies such as web beacons and clear GIFs.
”
Controller
” means the entity that decides how and why Personal Data are Processed. In many jurisdictions, the Controller has primary responsibility for complying with applicable data protection laws.
”
Data Protection Authority
” means an independent public authority that is legally tasked with overseeing compliance with applicable data protection laws.
”
EEA
” means the European Economic Area.
”
Personal Data
” means information that is about any individual, or from which any individual is directly or indirectly identifiable, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that individual.
”
Process
“, ”
Processing
” or ”
Processed
” means anything that is done with any Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
”
Processor
” means any person or entity that Processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller (other than employees of the Controller).
”
Relevant Personal Data
” means Personal Data in respect of which we are the Controller. It expressly does not include Personal Data of which we are not the Controller.
”
Sensitive Personal Data
” means Personal Data about race or ethnicity, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health, sexual life, any actual or alleged criminal offences or penalties, national identification number, or any other information that may be deemed to be sensitive under applicable law.
”
Standard Contractual Clauses
” means template transfer clauses adopted by the European Commission or adopted by a Data Protection Authority and approved by the European Commission.
”
Site
” means any website operated, or maintained, by us or on our behalf.
« Back to top
T. California Consumer Privacy Act Addendum
In accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act, if you are a consumer residing in California the following addition terms apply to you.
(1)
Right to Know About Information Collected, Disclosed or Sold
You have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell. To submit a verifiable request, please use our
DSAR Form
or email privacy@consensus.com
If you have an account with us, we will verify the request by confirming the email address used to make the request is the same as the email address on file for the account. If you do not have an account with us, we will verify the request by sending an email to the email address used to make the request.
The categories of California consumers’ personal information we may collect are listed above in Section (D) (“Categories of Personal Data”).
With reference to section (D) above, we collect the following categories of data from our customers: personal details; demographic information; contact details; consent records; purchase details; payment details; data relating to our Sites and Apps; employer details; content and advertising data; and views and opinions of our customers. We use this data for the purposes listed above in Section (G) (“Purposes for which we may Process your Personal Data”).
With further reference to section (D) above, we collect the following categories of data from website visitors: data relating to our Sites; employer details; content and advertising data; and the views and opinions of website visitors. We use this data for the purposes listed above in Section (G) (“Purposes for which we may Process your Personal Data”).
We confirm we have not sold any personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding 12 months. We confirm we do not sell personal information of minors under 16 years of age without authorization. We may disclose the categories of Personal Information listed in Section (G) to our vendors and service providers for a business purpose.
(2)
Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
You have the right to request deletion of Personal Information collected or maintained by us. To do so, please submit a request via our
DSAR Form
, by emailing privacy@consensus.com or by calling 1 (866) 761-8115.
If you are a current or former customer submitting a request by web form or email, please provide sufficient information to identify your account, including your email address on file with us. You may be asked to verify your identity by responding to us with the email address on file for the account.
If you are not a current or former customer, we may ask for proof of identity sufficient to show you are the same consumer about whom we have collected personal information that you are requesting to be deleted.
(3)
Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information by a business. Pursuant to California law, because we do not and will not sell your personal information, we do not offer such an opt-out at this time.
(4)
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by the business for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the California Consumer Privacy Act.
(5)
Authorized Agent
If you would like to make a request under the California Consumer Privacy Act on behalf of a California consumer who is a current or former customer, please provide an email from the email address we have on file for the customer authorizing the request.
You may also make a request under the California Consumer Privacy Act on behalf of a California consumer if you provide (1) a signed, written permission from the consumer to act on your behalf, and the consumer verifies their own identity directly with us; or (2) proof that the consumer has provided you with power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465
We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by the consumer to act on their behalf.
(6)
Contact for More Information
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies and practices, you may contact us via our
DSAR Form
or privacy@consensus.com, or by calling 1 (866) 761-8115.
(7)
Date Privacy Policy Last Updated
Our Privacy Policy was latest updated as of the date indicated at the beginning of the policy.
« Back to top
Help Stop Unsolicited Fax Advertising
At eFax
®
, we’re dedicated to protecting your privacy and keeping fax spam out of your inbox. Our commitment to you is simple:
We don’t sell or disclose your fax number, ever
We will never send you any faxes
We don’t sell or share your email or contact details
Help Us Block Spam Faxes
Under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991, it is a violation of Federal law to transmit an unsolicited advertisement by facsimile. This means that it is illegal to send a fax unless the recipient has expressly agreed to receive faxes from the sender, or the sender and receiver have an existing business relationship.
Despite our best efforts, you may receive unsolicited faxes on occasion. In order to assist us in our effort to lead the fight against unsolicited junk faxes, please take the following steps if you are in receipt of an unsolicited fax:
If the unsolicited fax contains a telephone number or other contact details, please contact the sender at once and request to have your fax number removed from their list.
If the sender persists, eFax Plus
®
and eFax Pro
™
subscribers may contact eFax
®
Customer Support and request another fax number.
Thank you for helping us stop illegal fax advertising.
Letter of Agency
This agreement (“Agreement”) for Consensus eFax® Service with Number Porting is between you and Consensus. This Agreement contains the terms and conditions of your use of the eFax Service with Number Porting and the terms of the eFax Customer Agreement that you accepted upon becoming an eFax customer (the “eFax Customer Agreement”) shall also continue to apply with respect to both the eFax service and the eFax Service with Number Porting. The terms of this Agreement shall control in the event of an inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement and those of the eFax Customer Agreement.
1. Transfer of Fax Number To and From Consensus
Through the eFax Service, your existing fax telephone number (“Fax Number”) will be transferred into Consensus’ name and ported to Consensus’ partner telephone carrier. Upon termination of your use of the eFax service, you may choose to have this Fax Number transferred back to you and ported to your preferred telephone carrier by contacting your preferred carrier. However, Consensus will only allow you to re-take ownership of and port this Fax Number to the carrier of your choice if all of the following conditions are met:
At the time your account is terminated, you are a customer in good standing with Consensus.
Consensus receives the port and transfer request from your telephone provider within 30 days of the date your eFax account was terminated.
The port and transfer request is permitted and supported by your selected telephone provider.
You hereby relinquish all rights to this Fax Number while a customer of the eFax service and unless and until the foregoing requirements for porting and transfer of ownership are satisfied.
2. Representations and Authorization
You represent and warrant to Consensus that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age, that you are the customer of record for the Fax Number and that all information provided by you to Consensus will be accurate. You acknowledge and authorize Consensus to act as your agent to port your Fax Number to Consensus telephone carrier and into Consensus’ name in relation to the eFax Service with Number Porting.
3. Charges
You agree to pay all Consensus service charges for the eFax Service with Number Porting. You also agree that you are solely responsible for any telephone charges incurred by you in transferring and porting your existing Fax Number. You agree to pay all fees, if any, charged by Consensus for allowing you to reclaim ownership of the Fax Number and to port it to your telephone carrier.
4. Warranty Disclaimer
THE EFAX SERVICE WITH NUMBER PORTING IS PROVIDED “AS IS,” AND CONSENSUS MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES TO YOU REGARDING THE USABILITY, CONDITION OR OPERATION THEREOF. CONSENSUS DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ACCESS TO OR USE OF EFAX SERVICE WITH NUMBER PORTING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT THE EFAX SERVICE WITH NUMBER PORTING WILL MEET ANY PARTICULAR CRITERIA OF PERFORMANCE OR QUALITY. CONSENSUS AND EACH OF ITS LICENSORS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, COMPATIBILITY, SECURITY OR ACCURACY.
5. Termination
You or Consensus may terminate your eFax Service with Number Porting with or without cause at any time. No credits will be issued for any unused portion of monthly fees paid. To terminate, you must notify Consensus’ Customer Care department at least 10 days prior to your desired date of termination. This notice may be provided by telephone (1-323-817-3206) or by emailing Consensus at help@mail.efax.com. Consensus may terminate your eFax Service with Number Porting or this entire Agreement by delivering to you written or email notice of termination, which termination shall be effective immediately.
6. Effect of Termination
Consensus shall not be liable to you or any third party for any circumstances resulting from termination of your eFax Service with Number Porting, this Agreement or your inability to reclaim ownership of the Fax Number or port the Fax Number to your telephone carrier.
Accessibility Policy
Effective January 4, 2021
eFax is committed to improving accessibility for all of its web, mobile, and app users, and has committed significant resources to make our content accessible to all. Accessibility improvements made to our sites are guided by the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), Level AA. Digital accessibility is a core priority for us throughout our design and development phases. We strive to make all of our content accessible to all users and continually work to improve various features of our sites. Such improvements to our sites include the addition of alt-text, navigation by keyboard and screen reader technology, closed captioning, color contrast and zoom features, as well as an accessibility statement on each site with contact information, so that users can alert us to any difficulties they have accessing our content.
eFax believes that accessibility is an ongoing effort, and we continually improve our websites, services, and products in order to provide an optimal experience for all of our users and subscribers. In order to have the best experience on our sites, we recommend that users utilize the latest available versions of web browsers and assistive technology. We also rely on our community to tell us when they experience an issue with any of our sites, and we give consideration to all feedback that is provided to us.
Our efforts are ongoing. If at any time you have questions or WCAG, please contact us at
accessibility@consensus.com
. Please be sure to specify your feedback is regarding eFax and we will make all reasonable efforts to address your concerns. Please also note that this email address is not monitored for normal customer support requests or technical issues, only accessibility and WCAG concerns.  Please contact customer service for eFax (
https://www.efax.com/contact
) if you need to make a customer support request or are experiencing a technical issue.