Albania
Armenia
Australia
Austria
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia-Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Canada
China (Mainland)
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kosovo
Lithuania
Moldova
Montenegro
Netherlands
North Macedonia
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russian Federation
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Thailand
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom
USA
Other countries
Deutsch
English
Save
Privacy Settings
We use cookies and similar technologies that are necessary to run the app and the website. Additional cookies are only used with your consent. We use them to access, analyse and store information such as the characteristics of your device as well as certain personal data (IP addresses, navigation usage, geolocation data or unique identifiers). The processing of your data serves various purposes: Analytics cookies allow us to analyse our performance to offer you a better online experience and evaluate the efficiency of our campaigns. Personalisation cookies give you access to a customised experience of our website with usage-based offers and support. Finally, Advertising cookies are placed by third-party companies processing your data to create audiences lists to deliver targeted ads on social media and the internet. You may freely give, refuse or withdraw your consent at any time using the link provided at the bottom of each page. You can consent to our use of cookies by clicking on Agree. For more information on which data is collected and how it is shared with our partners please read our privacy and cookie policy:
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
My settings
Necessary
These cookies are absolutely necessary for operating the website and ensuring security features. They also allow you to stay conveniently logged into your profile when you visit our website again.
Analytics
Monitor website traffic and optimize your user experience
Evaluate which marketing channels are performing better
Analyse aggregated data about usage of the website to understand our customers. Randomized identifiers shared with partners.
Personalisation
Store your preferences from previous visits
Collect user feedback to improve our website
Evaluate your interests to provide you unique customised content and offers
Advertising
By selecting this category, the categories Analytics and Personalization will also be activated.
Make online and social advertising more relevant for you
Invite specific customer groups to reconnect with our products later
Share data with our advertising and social media partners via their third-party cookies to match your interests
Save selection
Agree to all
I do not agree
Agree
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.austrian.com/at/en/legal/data-protection/consent-manager:

Sub-policy 1
https://austrian.com/at/en/legal/data-protection:
