Our Story
Our Team
Media
Privacy
Contact
Our Story
Our Team
Media
Privacy
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Last updated: March 29, 2021
At Runcoach, our mission is simple: We want to help you achieve your fitness goals. We believe that we can
        best assist you throughout your journey by providing a dynamic training plan just for you. And for this to work,
        we need to know a bit about you, your current fitness and your future goals. We very much appreciate that you
        are trusting us with your data and in turn, want to be transparent about how we collect, store and use it. After
        all, it is your data.
Also Runcoach is our brand name and our company is Focus-N-Fly, Inc., a California Corporation located at
        1425 Broadway, #7, Burlingame, CA 94010.
In this section, we want to help inform you about:
What information we collect
What we do with your information
How you can control and manage your data within our platform
Steps we take to ensure your data remains safe and private
How to delete your account and all personal information from our servers
What information do we collect
Account information: your name, email address, gender, age and personal fitness statistics such as
        your finishing time in a 5K, the pace per mile or kilometer you walk or run, the distance that walk or run and
        other similar metrics.
Additional information: In order to make our products and services more useful to you, we automatically collect
        certain information. This information may include: internet protocol address ("IP address"), browser type,
        domain names, access times, operating system, and page and/or feature interactions.
Other information you may choose to provide may include: your photo, your hours of sleep, your resting heart
        rate, and your weight.
If you decide to enable auto sync with your wearable device, we may also collect information about your device,
        including your device type, manufacturer, model, and operating system, your device ID; and the version of your
        app.
When you track a walk or run with the Runcoach mobile app, we collect and use the following information that
        your mobile device records: detailed physical information based on monitoring your movements, your activity
        intensity, and your activity duration. This data is used to measure your athletic progress.
We also use cookies and navigational data such as Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) to gather information
        regarding the date and time of your visit and the information for which you searched and which you viewed.
        Cookies are small files that a site or its services provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through
        your web browser if you so allow. This enables the sites or service provider to recognize your browser and
        capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future
        visits and compile aggregate data about our site traffic.
EU Considerations
Some of the data we collect, including but not limited to your activity data, is subject to the European Union’s
        General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and thus requires we ask for your explicit consent. At any time you
        may withdraw your consent from your account settings, unpair a connected third-party registration to a device or
        tracking service and/or delete your account and associated data.
We do not collect any information from anyone under 18 years of age. Our website, products and services are all 
        directed to people who are at least 18 years old or older unless consent is given by a parent or legal guardian.
What we do with your information
The information we collect from you may be used in one or more of the following ways:
        to personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual activity needs);
        to improve our website or application (we continually strive to improve our product offerings based on the
        information and feedback we receive from you), to improve customer service (your information helps us to more
        effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs), to process transactions, to administer
        a contest, promotion, survey, or other site feature, and to send periodic emails.
Sharing of Information
When you use Runcoach your first name and last initial of your last name and profile image (generic or photo
        that you upload) are publicly searchable in the Runcoach directory. By uploading a photo, you are consenting
        to Runcoach's use in the Runcoach directory. All other personal information is kept private unless you
        choose to accept an invitation to connect with another Runcoach member or choose to make your profile public
        to everyone in the Runcoach community. Be thoughtful of your own privacy needs as you choose what you share
        and with whom.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This
        does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or
        servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential with at least the same
        degree of care that we use ourselves to maintain your informations' privacy.
We may disclose your personal information to: (a) comply with relevant laws, regulatory requirements and to
        respond to lawful requests, court orders, and legal process; (b) to protect and defend the rights or property of
        ours or third parties, including enforcing agreements, policies, and terms of use; (c) in an emergency,
        including to protect the safety of our employees or any person; or (d) in connection with investigating and
        preventing fraud.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for research,
        marketing, advertising, or other uses.
We may share information with a parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common
        control with us.
We may share your personal information for the purposes of a business deal (or negotiation of a business deal)
        involving sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets. These deals can include any merger,
        financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding. Any personally identifiable information will
        only be exchanged as part of a business deal if all parties to that business deal agree in writing to maintain
        the personally identifiable information with at least the same degree of care as we use to maintain its privacy.
How you can control and manage your data within our platform
You can opt-out of communication emails from us via the "opt-out" function located in Account Settings. If you
        opt-out, we may still send you non-marketing e-mails including e-mails about your training schedule, accounts,
        and our business dealings with you.
You may send requests about personal information via email to info@runcoach.com. You can request to
        change contact choices and marketing choices and to update or change your personal information. Changes or
        deletions of information can be made after logging into your profile and visiting Account Settings. For help
        making changes of data from the platform, please send us a message using the "Contact Us" link below.
Deleting Information and Accounts
You may request that your account be deleted by using the Contact Us link below or by sending an email to 
        info@runcoach.com. Once deleted, your data, including your account, activities, historical race results, 
        pace charts and training plan cannot be reinstated.
Your public profile may be displayed in search engine results until the search engine refreshes its cache.
Steps we take to ensure your data remains safe and private
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place
        an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL)
        technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway provider's database only to be accessible and partially
        viewable by those authorized with special access rights to such systems and who are required to keep the
        information confidential.
Although we have taken steps to protect your personal information, you should know that neither we nor any
        company can fully eliminate security risks. If a breach of your data is detected, we will notify you as soon as
        possible of our awareness of the breach or otherwise as required by law.
Third Party Links to Tracking Devices & Applications
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These
        third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We will do our best to ensure they protect
        your data with the same level of care which we strive toward but cannot always validate nor be responsible for
        the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and
        our users and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Terms of Service
Please also visit our Terms of Service section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability
        governing the use of our website and application.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Contact Us
Should you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, please contact us at
        info@runcoach.com.
Privacy Policy Updates
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. When we do, we will change the last updated date below to
        let you know we made a change.
The following is a list of Third-Party Vendors we use to provide you the best customer experience.
AppsFlyer
“Personal Information”
such as name, email, contact details or any other 
                personal content that you provide to us whether through a form or field on our website or any other communication 
                (e.g. email, phone, post etc.).
“Technical Information”
such as browser type, operating system, device type, 
                IP address and other similar technical information typically received from a browser or device automatically when 
                visiting or interacting with our Marketing Platforms. This may include the referring URL that led you to our website.
“Usage Information”
such as the pages you visited on our website, where you clicked, 
                searches performed on our website and other similar information related to how you have used our website. It may also include 
                information related to whether you receive, opened or clicked on any links in an email sent to you.
Intercom
Registration and contact information:
first and last names;
email addresses;
Device data:
operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model;
IP address;
Service data:
the website you visited before browsing to the services;
session date and time; activity status (including first seen, last seen, last heard from - and last contacted);
pages viewed;
Third party source data
approximate geolocation data.
Firebase
Device details
New Relic
Device details
Cellular Carrier
Geographical location
Last updated: March 29, 2021
At Runcoach, our mission is simple: We want to help you achieve your fitness goals. We believe that we can
            best assist you throughout your journey by providing a training plan just for you.
These Runcoach Terms of Service ("Terms") apply to your access and use of the Runcoach platform
            and service. These Terms are an agreement between you and Focus-N-Fly Inc. dba Runcoach, a California
            Corporation, whose business address is 1425 Broadway, #7, Burlingame, CA 94010. Violation of these Terms
            may, in Runcoach's sole discretion, result in suspension or termination of your account and you may no
            longer be permitted to use the Runcoach Service.
You must accept these Terms in order to create an account and access or use the "Runcoach
            Service" including software, application, website, APIs and services.
Persons under the age of 18 are not permitted to access or use the Runcoach Service unless their
            parent or legal guardian has provided explicit consent in accordance with applicable law. Our website, products and services
            are all directed to people who are at least 18 years old.
1. Upon acceptance by Runcoach of this Agreement, and for as long as you choose to utilize the
            coaching service, Runcoach will use a proprietary computer program to provide structured training ("Runcoach
            Services"). As athletic results vary from individual to individual and depend upon many factors, Runcoach
            cannot promise or guarantee that the Runcoach Services will meet your expectations or produce favorable
            results, improvements or benefits. If you are dissatisfied with the Runcoach Services for any reason, your
            sole remedy is to terminate this Agreement. The Runcoach Services are personal to you and may not be
            transferred or assigned.
2. By accessing or using the Runcoach Services, you agree that we can collect, store and process
            your information in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
3. OPTIONAL Gold Member (Premium) Fees are available at your preference. If you opt to
            sign up for the Runcoach premium service subscription plan you will be subject to subscription fees
            in accordance with the Fee Schedule and related information (the "Fee Schedule"). You will be required to
            submit payment in advance for access to the premium service and all subscriptions automatically renew. Access 
            to the premium service will be disabled until payment is received. Fees will be billed on an ongoing and recurring 
            basis even if you are not actively using the premium service.
4. OPTIONAL Payment for Coaching Support Service. Payment for the coaching support service will be
            made by a valid credit card, Paypal®, or Apple Pay or other payment processor accounts accepted by Runcoach.
            Fees are payable in U.S. dollars. If you decide to choose premium membership with coaching support, you will
            thereby authorize us to charge your credit card or other payment method for such amounts on a regular
            monthly or yearly basis beginning at the start of your Gold Membership (premium service) and continuing until such 
            time as you choose to cancel the coaching support service or you choose to terminate your account. If we are for any
            reason unable to effect automatic payment via your credit card or other payment method, we will attempt to
            notify you via email and your subscription will be disabled until payment is received. Amounts paid for the
            coaching support service, including prepayments, are not refundable.
5. Membership Information. Your Membership information is located within your Account Settings
            page. The Membership Information displays your current plan and subscription access term.
6. Termination. You may terminate this Agreement for any reason via the Account Settings (Edit Subscription) of 
            the Runcoach site. Thereafter, you will not be subject to any further applicable Annual or Monthly Service Fees. Runcoach 
            reserves the right at any time to terminate this Agreement for your failure to comply with this Agreement (including but not 
            limited to your failure to pay premium membership fees if you choose that service), or failure to comply with any of the Rules 
            and Regulations adopted by Runcoach, or for conduct Runcoach determines to be improper or contrary to the best interests of Runcoach. 
            You will remain liable for all Service Fees incurred prior to the effective date of termination.
7. Conduct Standards. You may not post violent, nude, partially nude, discriminatory, illegal,
            pornographic, obscene, infringing, hateful or sexually suggestive photos or content on the Runcoach Service.
            You may not sell, transfer, assign or license your account or account rights, and you are responsible for
            keeping your username and password secure. You cannot create an account for anyone else. You cannot solicit,
            collect or use anyone else's account or login credentials. You cannot defame, stalk, bully, abuse, harass,
            threaten, impersonate or intimidate any person or entity. Do not use the Runcoach Service for any illegal or
            unauthorized purposes. You must also comply with all applicable laws, rules and governmental regulations
            (whether federal, state, local or otherwise) when using the Runcoach Service. You are responsible for your
            conduct on the Runcoach Service and any content or materials (including, without limitation, data, text,
            files, information, images, photos, profiles, audio and video clips, sounds and links) you submit, post or
            display. You are prohibited from changing, modifying, altering or adapting the Runcoach Service or any other
            website to imply an association with the Runcoach Service. You must not disrupt or interfere with the
            Runcoach Service or any servers or networks associated with the Service. Do not attempt to restrict anyone
            else from using or enjoying the Runcoach Service.
8. Assumption of Risk, Release, Waiver and Indemnity. You acknowledge and agree for yourself
            (which for purposes of this Agreement includes your personal representatives, executors, administrators,
            successors, assigns, heirs, agents and next of kin) that:
You are qualified, in good health, and in proper physical condition to participate in the
                    physical and athletic activities, exercises, training, and programs for which Runcoach Services are
                    provided (collectively, the "Athletic Activities");
The Athletic Activities naturally involve risks and dangers of serious bodily injury, including
                    permanent disability, paralysis and death, and property damage, as well as other risks and social
                    and economic losses or any other damage, either not known to you or not readily foreseeable at this
                    time (collectively, the "Risks");
The Risks may be caused by your own actions or inactions, or the actions or inactions of others,
                    including those who own or maintain the Third Party Facilities (as defined below);
Runcoach is not providing any physical facilities (e.g., indoor or outdoor running tracks),
                    clothing, shoes, training devices or equipment of any kind relating to Athletic Activities, and all
                    Athletic Activities will take place at indoor or outdoor, public or private, physical facilities
                    that are owned by third parties (the "Third Party Facilities"), and Runcoach cannot and does not
                    make any representation or warranty regarding the Third Party Facilities, including but not limited
                    to their condition, accessibility, safety, or suitability for the Athletic Activities;
You accept the conditions of such Third Party Facilities, "AS IS, WHERE IS" and you agree to
                    abide by all rules and regulations, public or private, that apply to the use of Third Party
                    Facilities;
You understand and voluntarily accept and assume all Risks and responsibility for all injuries,
                    whether physical or mental, including but not limited to, injuries to yourself or your guests,
                    arising out of or in connection with the Athletic Activities and/or your use of Third Party
                    Facilities (collectively, the "Injuries"), including but not limited to the following:
Any accidental or "slip and fall" Injuries;
Injuries arising from participation in supervised or unsupervised activities and programs,
                            including but not limited to those sponsored or endorsed by Runcoach;
Injuries or medical disorders resulting from Athletic Activities, including but not limited
                            to
                            heart attacks, strokes, heart stress, sprains, tendinitis, broken bones, torn muscles or
                            ligaments;
Injuries resulting from the actions taken or decisions made regarding medical or survival
                            procedures; and
Any loss, theft or damage to property.
You voluntarily waive, release and discharge Runcoach (which includes, for purposes of this
                    Agreement, its owners, members, directors, officers, employees, agents or volunteers) from any and
                    all claims, liabilities, damages, losses (including but not limited to loss of time, loss of service
                    and loss of income), causes of action, suits, costs, expenses, and attorneys fees (collectively, the
                    "Losses"); arising out of or related to all Risks and Injuries;
You shall maintain health, accident and/or property insurance that is adequate to cover all of
                    your Losses, Risks and injuries;
You relinquish forever and covenant not to sue, assert or otherwise maintain any claim or cause
                    of action against Runcoach(whether past, present or future, whether known or unknown, and whether
                    anticipated or unanticipated) arising out of any Losses, Risks or Injuries; and
You will indemnify, defend and hold Runcoach harmless from any and all Losses, Risks, Injuries
                    and any breach by you of any of these Terms.
9. Medical Examination. You acknowledge that Runcoach is not a medical practice and does not
            employ doctors or licensed health care providers of any kind. Accordingly, Runcoach cannot and will not
            provide medical examinations or medical or healthcare advice. You are strongly encouraged to have a complete
            physical examination by a licensed medical doctor prior to beginning any work-out program or strenuous new
            activity, including but not limited to Athletic Activities for which Runcoach Services are provided. If you
            have a history of heart disease, you should consult a physician before undertaking any Athletic Activities.
10. Feedback and Submissions. If you submit comments, ideas, or feedback to us, you agree that we
            can use, disclose, reproduce, distribute, and exploit any or all of it without any restriction or
            compensation to you. We do not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas or feedback previously known
            to us, or obtained from sources other than you.
11. Contests and Promotions. Additional terms and conditions may apply to surveys, contests and
            promotions sponsored by Runcoach or its partners. It is your responsibility to carefully review those terms
            and conditions.
12. Third-Party Services. The Runcoach Service may display or permit linking or other access to or
            use of third-party content, promotions, websites, apps, tracking devices, services and resources
            (collectively "Third-Party Services") that are not under Runcoach's control. We provide these links only as
            a convenience and are not responsible for the products, services, or other content that are available from
            Third-Party Services. You acknowledge that any Third-Party Services that you use in connection with the
            Runcoach Service are not part of the Runcoach Service and are not controlled by Runcoach, and you take sole
            responsibility and assume all risk arising from your interaction with or use of any Third-Party Services.
            You also acknowledge that these Terms and the Runcoach Privacy Policy does not apply to any Third-Party
            Services. You are responsible for reading and understanding the terms and conditions and privacy policy that
            applies to your use of any Third-Party Services.
13. Runcoach Service changes. Runcoach may change or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any
            feature or component of the Runcoach Service at any time without notice. Runcoach is not liable to you or to
            any third-party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of any feature or component of the
            Runcoach Service. We reserve the right to determine the timing and content of software updates, which may be
            automatically downloaded and installed by Runcoach applications without prior notice to you.
14. Limitation of Liability. In no event will Runcoach be liable for direct, indirect, incidental,
            consequential, punitive, exemplary or special damages arising out of or relating to this agreement.
            Runcoach's entire liability, and your entire and exclusive remedy, under this Agreement for any damages from
            any cause whatsoever shall in no event exceed the service fees actually paid by you in the most recent three
            (3) month period.
15. Arbitration. Any dispute concerning the parties' rights and responsibilities under this
            Agreement which the parties cannot resolve within thirty (30) days shall be directed to binding arbitration
            administered by, and pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") in San
            Francisco, CA, with all expenses being shared equally by the parties. Judgment upon any AAA award may be
            entered into San Francisco Superior Court.
16. Governing Law and Severability. This Agreement shall be governed and interpreted in accordance
            with California law. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this
            Agreement, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision of the Agreement shall be enforced to the
            maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the parties, and the remainder of this Agreement
            shall continue in full force and effect.
17. Notices. Communications and notices required or permitted under this Agreement shall be deemed
            delivered when hand-delivered to the receiving person, or when mailed, certified mail, return receipt
            requested, in first class U.S. mail, to the addresses specified in the Agreement, or electronically
            transmitted to the Internet address specified, with hard copy mailed within three (3) days thereafter in the
            manner set forth above. The contact person and addresses for communications and notices are set forth in the
            Agreement. Any party may change its address for purposes of this notice provision by giving notice in the
            manner prescribed above.
Focus-N-Fly Inc. dba Runcoach
1425 Broadway, #7,
Burlingame, CA 94010
Communications can also be electronically transmitted to Runcoach via email to info@runcoach.com
18. Force Majeure. Neither party shall be liable for any failure of or delay in the performance of
            this Agreement for the period that such failure or delay is due to acts of God, public enemy, civil war,
            strikes or labor disputes, or any other causes beyond the parties' reasonable control. Each party agrees to
            notify the other party promptly of the occurrence of any such cause and to carry out this Agreement as
            promptly as practicable after such cause is terminated.
19. Complete Agreement; Non-Waiver. This Agreement (as defined above) constitutes the entire
            agreement between the parties. This Agreement supersedes and replaces any and all prior or contemporaneous
            understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter. This Agreement can only be
            amended by specific written amendment signed by both parties. Any failure by either party to require strict
            performance by the other of any provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such provision
            or thereafter affect the parties full rights to require strict performance.