APPS
CONTACT US
Last Updated: April 27, 2019
It is Cookie Apps's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website and mobile apps. This Privacy Policy applies to cookieapps.com, real piano.com, and mobile apps produced by Cookie Apps, Inc. (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "Cookie Apps"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website and mobile apps. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website and mobile apps, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and mobile apps, and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
Website & Mobile App Users
Like most website and mobile app operators, Cookie Apps collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers/servers and mobile devices typically make available, such as the browser/device type, region, language preference, referring source, and the date and time of each user request. Cookie Apps's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Cookie Apps' users use its website and mobile apps. From time to time, Cookie Apps may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website and mobile apps.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Cookie Apps and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
Aggregated Statistics
Cookie Apps may collect statistics about the behavior of its website and mobile apps users. Cookie Apps may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Cookie Apps does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Cookie Apps uses "Cookies", similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Cookie Apps uses cookies to help Cookie Apps identify and track visitors, their usage of http://cookieapps.com and http://realpiano.com, and their website access preferences. Cookie Apps visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Cookie Apps' websites, with the drawback that certain features of Cookie Apps's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Cookie Apps' use of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Cookie Apps may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Cookie Apps's sole discretion. Cookie Apps encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
© 2019 Cookie Apps, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Trademarks
Privacy Policy
Contact Us