Privacy Policy
Elecont LLC built the eWeather HD app for iOS as a Commercial app. This SERVICE is provided by Elecont LLC and is intended for use as is.
This document is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
The app does not use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. All the information we collect is related to providing the Service. We will not share this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information.
When you give access to your location (enabled features provided by the app: “Follow me”), we use your position to get weather data and show you weather from where you are. 
You may withdraw your consent the collection of location data by amending your privacy settings on your device (iOS Settings-eWeather HD-Location), by removing “Follow me” location from the app settings (and using pre-defined locations, added from database of locations). 
The information about your location will not be retained by us. The information about your location will not be shared with third party services.
When you subscribed to push notifications (enabled features provided by the app: “Home screen badge”, “Push weather alerts”, “Health alerts”) the service stores information from your device. It includes push notification token, configured location, mobile operating system version and language settings. 
You may disable these features and withdraw your consent the collection of this data amending your privacy settings on your device (iOS Settings-eWeather HD-Notifications). 
The information from your device will not be shared with third party services.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Apps and Sites
This Service may contain links to other apps and sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that app or site. Note that these external apps or sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these apps or sites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites, apps or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at weather@elecont.com
Last updated 03-Oct-2018