Kategori
Masuk
Daftar
Promo
Customer Service
Toko Offline
Bantuan
Aktifkan poin MyValue
Privacy Policy
Collection and Use of Personal Information
PT Gramedia Asri Media ("Gramedia Digital"), is one of Kompas Gramedia affiliation, Your privacy is Our concern. We want to ensure that every information that We collect is all about Our effort to give information, content, and experiences that matter most to You. We are committed to protecting the privacy of the Customers, including You, online media visitors, vendors, partners, and many other related stakeholders.
Personal Information means data or information regarding Yourself that can be privately identified and obtained through Our online media (Application, Website, etc) and our offline media (event, store or hotels, etc), such as name, address, birth date, birth place, occupation, employer, personal id, others identity documents, phone number, e-mail address, and other information which may identify You as user.
You may be asked to provide your personal information anytime you are in contact with Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company. Gramedia Asri Media and its affiliates may share this personal information with each other and use it consistent with this Privacy Policy. They may also combine it with other information to provide and improve our products, services, content, and advertising. You are not required to provide the personal information that we have requested, but, if you chose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to any queries you may have.
Scope
This privacy policy applies to all Personal Information all over Gramedia Asri Media and its affiliates products/service and Kompas Gramedia business partners (vendor, partners, and other stakeholder). It also applies to every transaction and activities of the Customer in Our services. See available products, services, and companies that Affiliate of Us here (www.kompasgramedia.com).
Information Which We Collect
Here are some examples of the types of Personal Information Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company may collect and its affiliated company how we may use it.
When you create an account, create a Gramedia Digital account, purchase a product, purchase a content, purchase a subscription, download a content, contact us or participate in an online survey, we may collect a variety of information, including your name and contact information (telephone, e-mail), correspondence address, telephone number, e-mail address, contact preferences, date of birth, place of birth, Demographics: gender, occupation, personal identification information (KTP, SIM, Passport, and other personal identification), emergency contact information, social media profile information, education and professional information, credit card information, and payment information.
For giving better experience for Our service, We also collect several information when You use the Application, including Information about the device(s) you use, Information about service usage, Cookies, Authentication data and Location information.
Data that has been recorded through one of Our service under Our Affiliation also will be used to improve Customer experience in all Our business units.
When you share your content with family and friends using Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company products, send gift certificates and products, or invite others to participate in Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company services or forums, Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company may collect the information you provide about those people such as name, mailing address, email address,and phone number. Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company will use such information to fulfill your requests, provide the relevant product or service, or for anti-fraud purposes.
We may ask for a government issued ID in limited circumstances including when required by law.
How We Use Your Personal Information
The personal information we collect allows us to keep you posted on Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company latest product announcements, product publishing, retargeting, promotions, personalized offers, subscriptions, service development, software updates, and upcoming events Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company. The information is not only limited to the products/services that has been purchased/used, but also another Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company products/service that suitable with your needs. We may use Your Personal Information and the transaction for analyzing customer behavior and use it to provide the service/experience that matter the most to You. If you don't want to be on our mailing list, you can opt out anytime by updating your preferences.
We also use personal information to help us create, develop, operate, deliver,and improve our products, services, content and advertising, and for loss prevention and anti-fraud purposes.
We may use your personal information, including date of birth, to verify identity, assist with identification of users,and to determine appropriate services. For example, we may use date of birth to determine the age of account holders.
We use Personal Information such as name, telephone number, email address, address, and company/institution to engage with the Customer, such as contacting about the order, subscription, event registration, membership, and other type of transaction. We use financial data or credit card and payment information to process the order and may need to share some of this information with delivery services, credit card clearing houses, and other third parties to complete the transaction.
We may use Your Personal Information to give support or other services that related to the transaction that Customer has made, such as Customer complain, Customer call, Customer confirmation regarding the transaction, and many other Customer services which related with the transaction.
We may use your non-personally-identifiable attributes and cookies information to give appropriate advertisements.
We may share Your Personal Information with third parties relating to products/service that these Customers interact with. We ensure these third parties are carefully selected and obligated to keep Your data secure. We may also share Your information with third parties whom we think might provide content, products, or services of interest to You.
We may use Personal Information to prevent potentially illegal activities and to enforce Our Terms of Use. We also use a variety of technological systems to detect anomalous activity to prevent abuse, such as spam.
From time to time, we may use your Personal Information to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company, you may not opt out of receiving these communications..
We may also use personal information for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve Gramedia Asri Media's or its affiliated company products, services, and customer communications.
If you enter into a sweepstake, contest, or similar promotion we may use the information you provide to administer those programs.
From time to time, We may ask Customer regarding feedbacks to make the products/service suitable with Customer needs and interest (for example through surveys, usability studies, focus groups discussion).
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
We also collect data in a form that does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual. We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose. The following are some examples of non-personal information that we collect and how we may use it:
We may collect information such as occupation, language, zip code, area code, unique device identifier, referrer URL, location, and the time zone where an Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company products used so that we can better understand customer behavior and improve our products, services, and advertising.
We may collect information regarding customer activities on our website, Gramedia Digital services and online store, and from our other products and services.This information is aggregated and used to help us provide more useful information to our customers and to understand which parts of our website, products, and services are of most interest.Aggregated data is considered non-personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
We may collect and store details of how you use our services, including search queries. This information may be used to improve the relevancy of results provided by our services.Except in limited instances to ensure quality of our services over the Internet, such information will not be associated with your IP address.
We may collect data about how you use your device and applications in order to help app developers improve their apps.
If we do combine non-personal information with personal information the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined.
Retention
Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company will retain Personal Information as long as it is necessary to be kept fulfilling the purpose for which it was collected, legal or business purposes of Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company, or as required by relevant laws. We will usually keep the Personal Information for up to 10 years since it was collected.
Cookies and Other Technologies
Gramedia Asri Media's or its affiliated company websites, online services, interactive applications, email messages, and advertisements may use "cookies" and other technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons. These technologies help us better understand user behavior, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. We treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as non-personal information. However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal information. Similarly, to the extent that non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company and its partners use cookies and other technologies in mobile advertising services to control the number of times you see a given ad, deliver ads that relate to your interests, and measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns. If you do not want to receive ads with this level of relevance on your mobile device, you can opt out by contact us. If you opt out, you will continue to receive the same number of mobile ads, but they may be less relevant because they will not be based on your interests. You may still see ads related to the content on a web page or in an application or based on other non-personal information.
Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company and our partners also use cookies and other technologies to remember personal information when you use our website, online services, and applications. Our goal in these cases is to make your experience with Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company more convenient and personal. For example, knowing your first name lets us welcome you the next time you visit Gramedia Digital Online Store. Knowing your country and language - and if you are an educator, your school - helps us provide a customized and more useful shopping experience. Knowing someone using your computer or device has shopped for a certain product or used a particular service helps us make our advertising and email communications more relevant to your interests. And knowing your contact information, hardware identifiers, and information about your computer or device helps us personalize and provide you with better customer service.
If you want to disable cookies, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Please note that certain features of the Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company website will not be available once cookies are disabled.
As is true of most internet services, we gather some information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type and language, Internet service provider (ISP), referring and exit websites and applications, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information to understand and analyze trends, to administer the site, to learn about user behavior on the site, to improve our product and services, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company may use this information in our marketing and advertising services.
In some of our email messages, we use a "click-through URL" linked to content on the Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company website. When customers click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate web server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click text or graphic links in the email messages.
Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company may use watermark contains your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information to prevent illegitimate use of products, services and contents that infringes the rights of others.
Pixel tags enable us to send email messages in a format customers can read, and they tell us whether mail has been opened. We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to customers.
Disclosure To Third Parties
At times Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company may make certain Personal Information available to strategic partners that work with Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company to provide products and services, or that help Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company market to customers. Personal information will only be shared by Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company to provide or improve our products, services and advertising; it will not be shared with third parties for their marketing purposes.
Service Providers
Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company shares Personal Information with companies who provide services such as information processing, extending credit, fulfilling customer orders, delivering products to you, managing and enhancing customer data, providing customer service, assessing your interest in our products and services, and conducting customer research or satisfaction surveys. These companies are obligated to protect your information and may be located wherever Apps Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company operates.
Others
It may be necessary - by law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence - for Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate.
We may also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or protect our operations or users. Additionally, in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale we may transfer any and all personal information we collect to the relevant third party.
Protection of Personal Information
Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company takes the security of your personal information very seriously. Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company online services such as the Gramedia Digital Online Store, Gramedia Digital Applications, and other services protect your personal information during transit using encryption such as Transport Layer Security (TLS).
When you use some Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company products, services, or applications or post on an Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company forum, chat room, or social networking service, the personal information and content you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to share or submit in these instances. For example, if you list your name and email address in a forum posting, that information is public. Please take care when using these features.
When you use reader, video player, or other services that contains licensed contents, watermark contains your personal information and non-personal information on content is visible to other parties and can be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information and non-personal information in these instances. Please take care when using these features on public devices or devices that can be shared with other parties.
Integrity and Retention of Personal Information
Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company makes it easy for you to keep your personal information accurate, complete, and up to date. We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Access to Personal Information
You can help ensure that your contact information and preferences are accurate, complete, and up to date by by logging in to your account or contact us. For other personal information we hold, we will provide you with access for any purpose including to request that we correct the data if it is inaccurate if Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company is not required to retain it by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may decline to process requests that are frivolous/vexatious, jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by local law. Access, correction requests can be made by contact us.
Personal Information About Minors
We understand the importance of taking extra precautions to protect the privacy and safety of children using Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company products and services. Accordingly, we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information from children under 17, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, without verifiable parental consent.
Children under the age of 17, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, are not permitted to create their own accounts. A parent must review the Privacy Policyand the Terms and Conditions, before they can begin the account creation process for their child.
Location-Based Services
To provide location-based services on Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company products, Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company and our partners and licensees may collect, use, and share precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your computer or device. Where available, location-based services may use GPS, Bluetooth, and your IP Address, along with crowd-sourced Wi-Fi hotspot and cell tower locations, and other technologies to determine your devices' approximate location. Unless you provide consent, this location data is collected anonymously in a form that does not personally identify you and is used by Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company and our partners and licensees to provide and improve location-based products and services. For example, your device may share its geographic location with application providers when you opt in to their location services.
Some location-based services offered by Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company. You may withdraw consent to Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company and its partners' and licensees' collection, use, transmission, processing and maintenance of location and account data at any time by turning off Location Services settings (as applicable) on your device and computer.
International Users
SAll the information you provide may be transferred or accessed by entities around the world as described in this Privacy Policy.
Our Company Commitment To Your Privacy
To make sure your personal information is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
Notification of Changes
Gramedia Asri Media or its affiliated company may update its Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy.
Acknowledgment and Consent
By using Our Website/Application/service, it means You acknowledge that You have read and understood this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree and accede to the use, practice, processing, and transfer of Your Personal Data by Us as stated in this Privacy Policy.
You also represent that You are entitled to share all of the information that has been provided to Us and to give Us the authority to use and share Your Personal Data to support and perform Our product/service.
Contact Us
If You have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or about the use of Your Personal Information, please feel free to contact us at:
PT Gramedia Asri Media  (Gramedia Digital)
Menara Kompas Floor 17 – 18
Palmerah Selatan Street No. 21,
Gelora, Tanah Abang, Jakarta, 10270, Indonesia
Email: customercare@gramedia.com
Phone Number: (021) - 80626555