Privacy Policy
radio.net App
1. Preamble
With this Privacy Policy, we would like to inform you about the nature, scope and purpose of the collection and processing of your personal data when using the mobile radio.de app (hereinafter also referred to as “App”) offered by radio.de GmbH, Mühlenkamp 59, 22303 Hamburg (hereinafter also referred to as “radio.de”, “we”, “us”). The protection of your personal data is an important matter to radio.de when collecting and processing such data when using our App.
Please note that this is a translation of the German Privacy Policy, which is available in the App after you have changed the language settings to German. In case of contradiction between the different versions, the German version will prevail.
2. Controller for data collection and data protection officer
The controller responsible for the collection and processing of your personal data in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU)
2016
⁄
679
) (hereinafter also referred to as “GDPR”) is:
radio.de GmbH
Mühlenkamp 59
22303 Hamburg
Deutschland
Phone: + 49 40 - 570 065 150
Email: datenschutz@radio.de
If you have any questions concerning data protection, you can reach the data protection officer via email datenschutz@madsack.de or by post to:
MADSACK Mediengruppe
Datenschutz
August-Madsack-Straße 1
30559 Hannover
Germany
3. Personal data and processing by radio.de
3.1 When downloading the App
When downloading the App from the Apple App Store, a service of Apple Inc, One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, California, USA, 95014 (“Apple”), the Google Play Store, a service of Google Ireland Limited, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland, (“Google”), the Amazon App Store, a service of Amazon Europe Core S.à.r.l., 38, avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg (“Amazon”), the Samsung Galaxy Store, a service of Samsung Electronics (UK) Limited, Samsung House, 1000 Hillswood Drive, Chertsey, Surrey KT16 0PS (“Samsung”), the Huawei AppGallery, a service of Huawei Technologies Co, Ltd, Huawei Base, Bantian, Longgang District, Shenzhen, China (“Huawei”), your personal data required for the respective download and usually contained in your respective Apple Account, Google Account, Amazon Account, Samsung Account, Huawei Account will be transferred to the Apple App Store, Google Play Store, Amazon App Store, Samsung Galaxy Store, Huawei AppGallery. radio.de has no influence on the scope of this data processing.
For more information on the scope of data collection by the respective providers, please refer to their respective data privacy policy.
3.2 When opening the app
In order to enable you to use the App optimally, radio.de collects, processes and stores data regarding your use of the App, so-called “server log files” (hereinafter also “log files”). Every access to our App is therefore logged. The log files created from this contain the following data: IP address, date and time of access, operating system version, app version. The collection and processing of the information stored in the log files only serves the anonymised evaluation for statistical purposes, i.e. to analyse your use of our App and thus to continuously improve our services. Our legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 (f) GDPR follows from the aforementioned purposes. The data collected in this way cannot be assigned to you as a specific person. This data will not be merged with other data sources.
3.3 When using the App
In our App, we refer to third-party radio streams. In order to enable you to receive the programmes of the various stations, the respective service providers will process the following information as soon as you play the respective station: IP address, date and time, operating system of your end device. Please refer to the privacy policy of the respective service providers for more information. We have no influence on the storage and further use of your data by the service providers.
In order to be able to offer you functions and services of our App that are tailored to your location (e.g. the display of stations in your surroundings), the collection of location data is necessary for this specific use of the App. This so-called “geolocalisation”, i.e. the assignment of an app opening to the location of the app opening, is carried out on the basis of the IP address of your end device and possibly also by determining your location data via GPS. Our App therefore uses your IP address to determine your rough location in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 (b) GDPR for the purpose of providing the service. At no time can conclusions be drawn about your specific location. In order to improve the display of local stations for you, our App can also access the GPS location data of your mobile device in accordance with Article 6 para. s. 1 (a) GDPR on the basis of your consent, provided that you enable the collection of location data on your device by granting the corresponding authorisation. This is initially done through a pop-up window that is displayed on the screen of your mobile device when you use the App. You can also grant or withdraw the authorisation to collect location data at any time in the device settings of your mobile device. radio.de hereby points out, however, that it cannot be guaranteed that some functions of the app cannot be used or cannot be used completely. Even when GPS data is collected, no conclusions can be drawn about your specific location at any time, as the location data determined by GPS is technically shortened by radio.de. If the location survey via GPS is active, your mobile end device will usually show you this within the scope of the screen display by using a specific symbol. This data is not merged with other data sources. If location data is also transmitted to third parties via iOS, Android, Amazon, Samsung or Huawei, radio.de has no influence on this.
3.4 Help center and contacting radio.de
If you need help with the use of our App and the contents available on it, you can use our help center by clicking on the link “FAQ” in the app settings, where the most frequently asked questions and suitable help are listed. The FAQs are stored on the servers of the operator Zendesk Inc. (for more information on Zendesk, see section 5.3.).
In addition, you can directly request help from us via email in the settings of the App under the link “Feedback”. For this purpose, we also use the services of Zendesk Inc. to improve processing your requests. You can also contact us by email, letter or telephone. In doing so, we collect, process and store your contact data and the content of your enquiry in order to be able to answer your enquiry, in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 (a) GDPR on the basis of your consent or in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 (b) GDPR, if the subject of your enquiry is (pre-)contractual information or in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 (f) GDPR, if there is a legitimate interest of radio.de in the data processing.
3.5 Duration of storage and deletion of personal data
We process and store personal data only for the period required to achieve the processing purpose or for as long and to the extent required by law, but at least for the duration of the statutory limitation periods.
If the storage purpose no longer applies or if a legally prescribed storage period expires, the personal data will be blocked or deleted routinely after 30 days and in accordance with legal regulations.
4. Cookies and similar technologies, iab standard, Consent Management Platform
radio.de uses cookies, PPID and similar technologies to collect various device information (also known as “identifiers” or “IDs”), in particular device identifiers, IDFA and advertising IDs. The following section is intended to briefly explain the technologies and terms used in the privacy policy.
Some functions and elements of the app and the content it offers require that the mobile device you are using can be identified even after the app has been reopened. The technologies used for this purpose also enable your personal settings or advertisements to be retained over a longer period of time. The data processing that takes place in this context therefore serves the purpose of being able to provide you with all functions and to simplify the use of our app for you as a user.
Some of the technologies used by radio.de or its service providers enable us to analyze the usage behavior of users. This tells us how the app is used and enables us to optimize our app and the quality of the content it offers and adapt it to the respective user behavior. In particular, we record how often users access the app and its various functions or the frequency of advertisements accessed. The data is not stored together with other personal user data. In the Apple App Store and Google Play Store, we can also see how often the app has been downloaded and how many users actively use the app.
The legal basis on which your personal data is processed using cookies depends on whether we ask for your consent. If this is the case and you consent to the use of cookies, the legal basis for the processing of your data is the declared consent in accordance with Section 25 (1) TDDDG in conjunction with Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR and further data processing in accordance with Art. 6 (1) GDPR. Otherwise, the data processed using cookies will be processed on the basis of Section 25 (2) TDDDG (e.g. technically necessary cookies for the error-free display of our websites) or if the use of cookies is necessary to fulfill our contractual obligations.
Processing of cookie data on the basis of consent: Before your data is processed in the context of the use of cookies, we ask for your consent, which can be revoked at any time. Before consent has not been given, cookies that are necessary for the operation of our online offer will be used. They are used on the basis of Section 25 (2) TDDDG and the user’s interest in the expected functionality of our online offering.
The data processing processes described above are carried out - unless otherwise described in this privacy policy - on the basis of your express consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a GDPR.
The following technologies and device information are particularly relevant in the context of the app
Cookies
are small pieces of text information that are stored on your mobile device.
PPID
enables publishers to send an identifier to Google Ad Manager that is used for frequency capping, audience segmentation and targeting, sequential ad rotation and other audience-based ad delivery features on any device.
Opt-out: As a user, you can prevent Google from collecting the PPID by clicking
here
.
Tracking pixels
are small “invisible” graphics that are often used for statistical evaluations for online marketing
SDKs
(software development kits) are software libraries and interfaces that enable the integration of various services and functions.
Device identifiers enable the unique identification of app users’ end devices.
IDFA
(Identifier for Advertisers), or Ad-ID (iOS operating system) or Advertising ID (Android operating system), enable advertising partners to create user profiles and display personalized advertising to users.
Click URLs
with tracking parameters can be used to register when a link or other element is clicked on.
As part of the various Google Firebase services, further device information, such as instance IDs, UUIDs (Universally Unique Identifier), IDFV (Identifier for Vendors, iOS) or the Android ID (Android), are relevant, the functions of which are described in more detail in section 5.2.1.
By changing the settings in your mobile device, you can deactivate or restrict the transmission of the IDFA and advertising ID and IDFV (iOS) or the Android ID (Android). radio.de cannot, however, rule out the possibility that some content of the app may not be usable or not fully usable in this case.
For more information on which technologies we or our third-party service providers use for which purpose and on the data processed in each case, please refer to section 5.
In order to provide you with the highest level of transparency and control over the processing of your data, we follow the iab europe Transparency and Consent Framework (hereinafter “iab Standard”), including its specifications and guidelines. The iab Standard provides participating advertising partners with a common language to communicate users’ choices about the delivery of relevant online advertising and content. The majority of our advertising partners are vendors certified according to the iab Standard (an overview of participating advertising partners can be found
here
).). You can find out more about the Transparency and Consent Framework on the iab europe website: iabeurope.eu/
We have integrated a Consent Management Platform (hereinafter “CMP”) in our app, which is based on the specifications of the iab standard and is offered by Sourcepoint Technologies, Inc. (For more information on Sourcepoint Technologies, Inc., please refer to section 5.2.). The CMP provides you with information on the cookies and similar technologies used and allows you to set the use of these in relation to certain service providers. You can also give and withdraw your consent to the use of the technologies and device information described here. When you open our app for the first time and make settings via the CMP, your configuration is stored in the NSUserDefaults (iOS) or in the Shared Preferences (Android) of the app on your device, where the settings you have made are saved.
You can access and change your selection at any time under “Privacy Manager” in the app settings.
The CMP is used in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. c GDPR in order to obtain and document your consent to certain data processing processes and in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR due to our legitimate interest in being able to offer you a convenient way to control the processing of your personal data.
With the CMP, we offer you the opportunity to decide for yourself in which cases you want to consent to tracking via cookies and other technologies - to display content and advertising relevant to you - or to use a paid PRIME subscription. If you opt for the PRIME subscription, only those cookies will be set that are necessary to provide essential functions of our apps or are functionally necessary for the stability and security of the apps. The storage of information in the end user’s terminal equipment or access to information already stored in the end user’s terminal equipment takes place, if this is absolutely necessary, on the basis of Section 25 (2) No. 2 TTDSG, so that we can provide the telemedia service expressly requested by the user. The legal basis for the further processing of this technically necessary personal data as part of the PRIME offer is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b or lit. f GDPR, depending on the type of service.
If you decide to USE our offer without any obligation to pay, we finance our offer through advertising. For this purpose, the advertisers set cookies that enable tracking for the display and optimization of advertising based on your usage behavior and your presumed interests and needs. In order to provide this service, we use cookies, device identifiers and similar technologies on your end devices.
The storage of information in the end user’s end device or access to information is carried out in accordance with § 25 para. 1 TTDSG in conjunction with Art. 6 para. 1 lit a. GDPR. The legal basis for further processing is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. a GDPR. The legal basis for the transfer of data to the USA is Art. 49 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a GDPR.
Note on consent: Some of the services listed in the CMP transfer data to the USA. Data processing and data protection in the USA do not meet the standard of the GDPR. The services are subject to US law and may therefore be obliged to disclose data to US authorities or intelligence agencies if legal requirements are met. Risks for you arise in particular from the difficulty of enforcing the law, the lack of control over the further processing or disclosure of data and the aforementioned access by government agencies.
5. Processing of personal data by service provider
Personal data collected in the context of your use of our App will only be processed by radio.de and third parties listed in this privacy policy. Beyond that, radio.de does not transmit personal data to other third parties. Personal data will only be transmitted on to other third parties in the exceptional case that radio.de is obliged to transmit the collected data due to an official or court order.
5.1 Amazon Web Services Inc.
radio.de cooperates with the following external web host, through which we are able to offer you our App and to process your data securely and efficiently. We have a legitimate interest in this according to Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 (f) GDPR.
Web host is Amazon Web Services Inc, 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, USA (“Amazon Web Services”). Amazon Web Services is certified according to the ISO 27001, ISO 27017 and ISO 27018 standards, which take into account aspects such as data security, data protection and reliability. The data servers used by Amazon Web Services are located within Germany in the Amazon Web Services Region Frankfurt. The Amazon Web Services privacy policy can be found at
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
.
5.2 App Analysis Services
5.2.1 Google Firebase
The App uses various functionalities of Google Firebase (“Firebase”), a technology of Google Ireland Limited, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland, (“Google”). Firebase enables us to perform various analyses on the installation and use of our App.
We use Firebase Crashlytics and Firebase Crash Reporting, which help the developers of radio.de to identify and fix app crashes. Stack traces are used to trace crashes back to an app, to display them in the Firebase interface and make them evaluable, and to send notifications (e.g. by e-mail) to radio.de. Furthermore, Crashlytics processes installation UUIDs to measure the number of users affected by a crash and minidump data, small memory images containing information about a crash, to process crashes in Android. The minidump data is stored while the crash session is being processed and then discarded. The aforementioned data is stored by Firebase for 90 days.
Furthermore, we use Firebase Dynamic Links and Firebase Remote Config. Dynamic Links uses device specifications and IP addresses on iOS to open newly installed apps for a specific page or context. Dynamic Links stores device specifications and IP addresses only temporarily to provide the service. Firebase Remote Config allows radio.de to show or hide content in the App and turn certain features on or off by processing Firebase installation IDs. Firebase stores the Firebase installation IDs until we delete them. Then the data is removed from the live and backup systems within 180 days.
Finally, we use Google Analytics for Firebase. Google Analytics for Firebase uses tracking data to be able to create evaluations about the use of the apps. For this purpose, Google Analytics uses so-called Mobile Ad IDs, IDFVs (iOS) or Android IDs (Android), Instance IDs, as well as Analytics App Instance IDs. Google Analytics stores some of the data linked to the ad ID (e.g. IDFVs, Android IDs) for 60 days and retains aggregate reporting without automatic expiry. The other aforementioned data is stored by Google Analytics for up to 14 months.
The legal basis for the collection of personal data by Firebase Remote Config is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 (f) GDPR, as we have a legitimate interest in being able to present the content and functions to you in the best possible way; to do so Firebase Remote Config is technically necessary. Furthermore, the processing of your personal data within the scope of Firebase is based on your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 (a) GDPR. You can give or revoke your consent at any time via our Consent Management Platform (CMP).
For the purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Google, as well as your rights in this regard and further setting options for protecting your privacy, please refer to the data privacy information on Google Firebase at
https://firebase.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/manage-iids
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
5.2.2. InfoOnline
radio.de uses the Scaleable Centralised Measuring System [Skalierbare Zentrale Messverfahren] (“SZM”), an analysis system of INFOnline GmbH, Brühler Str. 9, D-53119 Bonn to determine statistical values regarding the use of the App. Measurement values are collected in an anonymous manner. Your identity always remains protected. You will not receive any advertising via the system. The aim of the audience measurement is to statistically determine the intensity of use and the number of users of an app. With the statistics obtained, we can improve our offer and make it more interesting for you as a user.
SZM audience measurement uses an SDK (see section 4) to recognise mobile devices, via which various technical data on your mobile device is created and collected. IP addresses are not stored in the procedure and are only processed in anonymised form. At no time are individual users identified. Further information on the SZM procedure can be found at
https://www.infonline.de/datenschutz
.
The SZM is used on the basis of your consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 (a) GDPR, which you can give or withdraw at any time via our Consent Management Platform (CMP).
Our App also participates in the audience measurement of the Arbeitsgemeinschaft Online-Forschung e.V. (“AGOF” - Working Group for Online Media Research) and the alliance between Informationsgemeinschaft zur Feststellung der Verbreitung von Werbeträgern e. V. (“IVW” - German Audit Bureau of Circulation) and the Arbeitsgemeinschaft Media-Analyse e.V. (“agma” - Media Analysis Council). AGOF, IVW and agma issue reports on a regular basis in studies about the usage statistics of participating services. Anonymous measured values are collected.
5.2.3 Adjust GmbH
The app uses various functionalities of Adjust, a technology of Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37A, 10405 Berlin, Germany, (“Adjust”). Adjust enables us to analyze the installation and use of our app in various ways. Adjust uses device specifications and IP addresses to open newly installed apps for a specific page or context. Adjust only stores device specifications and IP addresses temporarily in order to provide the service. Adjust stores the data for 12 months, after which it is automatically deleted.
Adjust uses tracking data to be able to create evaluations about the use of the apps. For this purpose, Adjust uses so-called Mobile Advertising IDs, IDFVs (iOS) or Android IDs (Android), IDFA (iOS), Adjust Device ID (ADID), App Set ID, Install Referrer. The other aforementioned data is stored by Adjust for 12 months. The legal basis for the collection of personal data by Adjust is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR, as we have a legitimate interest in being able to present the content and functions for you in the best possible way and Adjust is technically necessary for us in this respect.
We also use Adjust Third Party Sharing. Adjust shares device IDs and app tokens with third-party marketing partners in order to measure the success of marketing campaigns. The data can be shared with the following partners AppleAds, Meta(Facebook), GoogleAds, GoogleMarketingPlatform, Snapchat, Tencent, TikTokSan, X(Twitter), YahooGemini, YahooJapanSearch. The processing of your personal data in the context of Adjust Third Party Sharing is based on your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a GDPR. You can give or withdraw your consent to Adjust Third Party Sharing at any time via our Consent Management Platform (CMP).
The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Adjust as well as your rights in this regard and further setting options to protect your privacy can be found in the Adjust data protection information at
https://www.adjust.com/terms/general-terms-and-conditions/
5.3 Ticketing system and help centre for customer enquiries
Zendesk
radio.de uses Zendesk, a customer service platform of Zendesk Inc, 1019 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA (“Zendesk”, see also section 3.4). Zendesk is a ticket system for processing customer enquiries. To use Zendesk, necessary data such as your contact details and the content of your request are collected via our App in order to be able to process your support ticket. The data processed in each case is stored on Zendesk servers, which may also be located outside the EU, in particular the USA or the Asia-Pacific region. Zendesk processes the personal data exclusively in accordance with our instructions pursuant to a commissioned processing agreement and using the standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. 46 para. 5 s. 2 GDPR. The legal basis for the use of Zendesk is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 (a) GDPR, insofar as you have given us your express consent, as well Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 (f) GDPR, insofar as we have a legitimate interest in using a third-party service provider for the purpose of simplifying our operational processes when answering your questions about our services.
The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing of the data by Zendesk as well as the related rights and setting options for the protection of privacy can be found in the data protection information of Zendesk:
https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/?_ga=2.87503192.1116616280.1609951268-2106221984.1609951268
,
https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360022366953-Complying-with-Privacy-and-Data-Protection-Law-in-Zendesk-products
.
5.4 Consent Management Platform
Sourcepoint Technologies, Inc.
In our App we use the “Consent Management Platform” (CMP) of the service provider Sourcepoint Technologies, Inc., 228 Park Avenue South, #87903, New York, NY 10003-1502, USA (hereinafter “Sourcepoint”). When you open our App for the first time and make settings via the CMP, your configuration is stored in the NSUserDefaults (iOS) or in the Shared Preferences (Android) of the app on your end device, where the settings you have made are saved. The settings collected via the configuration are transmitted to Sourcepoint servers located in France. Sourcepoint processes the personal data exclusively according to our instructions in accordance with an order processing agreement. Any transfer to a country outside the EU or the EEA that may be necessary in individual cases is based on data protection guarantees in accordance with Art. 45 ff. GDPR, in particular in the form of data transfer agreements containing the standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission. Sourcepoint is used in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 (f) GDPR due to our legitimate interest in using a suitable service provider for the documentation of your consent.
Sourcepoint is a member of iab europe (
https://iabeurope.eu/members/sourcepoint/
). Further information on data protection and the CMP of Sourcepoint can be found at www.sourcepoint.com/privacy-policy;
https://documentation.sourcepoint.com/web-implementation/sourcepoint-gdpr-and-tcf-v2-support
.
5.5 Push-Messages
Airship
radio.de uses the push message service of Airship Group, Inc., 1225 West Burnside, Suite 401, Portland, OR  97209, USA („Airship“). While using our App, it is possible that you will receive push messages in order to offer you functions and services that are tailored to your use. An example of such a push message is “Your favourite station misses you - tune in now”. You will only receive such push messages if you have given your explicit consent for radio.de in the settings of your device’s operating system. You can adjust the authorisations at any time, also in the settings of your operating system, so you can allow or withdraw the sending of push messages at any time in the device settings of your mobile device. Airship stores your IP address, data about your mobile device such as device number and operating system, push notification token and usage data about your use of the app. We also ask you for your consent to collect, process and store the data necessary for sending the push notifications. The legal basis for the collection and processing of your personal data is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 (a) GDPR, which you can also give or withdraw at any time via our Consent Management Platform (CMP). Further information on data protection can be found in Airship’s data protection information:
https://www.airship.com/legal/privacy/
.
Accengage
radio.de uses the push message service of Accengage S.A.S, 31, rue du 4 Septembre, 75002 Paris, France (“Accengage”). While using our App, it is possible that you will receive push messages in order to offer you functions and services that are tailored to your use. An example of such a push message is “Your favourite station misses you - tune in now”. You will only receive such push messages if you have given your explicit consent for radio.de in the settings of your device’s operating system. You can adjust the authorisations at any time, also in the settings of your operating system, so you can allow or withdraw the sending of push messages at any time in the device settings of your mobile device. Accengage stores your IP address, data about your mobile device such as device number and operating system, push notification token and usage data about your use of the app. We also ask you for your consent to collect, process and store the data necessary for sending the push notifications. The legal basis for the collection and processing of your personal data is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 (a) GDPR, which you can also give or withdraw at any time via our Consent Management Platform (CMP). Further information on data protection can be found in Accengage’s data protection information:
https://www.accengage.com/privacy-policy/
.
5.6 Advertising
radio.de uses the following additional external advertisers for marketing purposes. Advertisers market online advertising space in digital services - including our App. In doing so, we comply with the data protection regulations and - where necessary - have concluded contracts for the processing of personal data. Insofar as personal data is transferred to countries outside the EU or EEA for the purpose of advertising marketing, any transfer is based on data protection guarantees pursuant to Art. 45 ff. GDPR, in particular in the form of data transfer agreements containing the standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission.
5.6.1 Google Ad Manager
radio.de uses Google Ad Manager, a tool of Google Ireland Limited, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Irland, („Google“) for marketing advertising space. Google Ad Manager uses technologies to show you advertisements that are relevant to you. This involves assining a pseudonymous identification number (ID) with your mobile device by means of a cookie and/or similar pseudonymous user identification in order to verify which ads have been shown in an App and which ads have been clicked on. This use of Ad Manager user IDs enables Google and its partner sites and other third parties on whose behalf Google solely works to serve ads based on previous visits of our App and other digital content on the internet. When Google receives an ad request, it usually also collects the IP address of the App user, which is transmitted to the relevant advertising partners for the purpose of delivering advertisements. Google Ad Manager is used on the basis of your consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 (a) GDPR, which you can give or withdraw at any time via our Consent Management Platform (CMP). You can find more information about the Google Ad Manager at
https://support.google.com/admanager/answer/9035987?hl=de
and about data protection at Google in general at
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de
5.6.2 Marketing by iab TCF v2.0 verified partners
For the digital advertising marketing of our services, we use vendors that are certified according to the iab standard in accordance with TCF v2.0 (for more information on the iab standard, please see section 4). Our cooperation with these vendors is not continuous; some vendors only become active through our contractual cooperation with the service providers listed under 5.6.3. For this reason, the vendors operating within the scope of our services may change. An overview of the vendors certified according to the iab standard with whom our cooperation is currently considered likely, can be found here. Here you can also find out to what extent and on what legal basis the vendors are active and specify and configure their preferences for the processing of their data by them.
5.6.3 Forms of advertising
The advertising marketing carried out by us and/or in our App takes place in different forms. In the following, we will explain to you which forms of advertising are used and which recipients (or categories of recipients, also “advertising partners”) can process the personal data collected in this context. The service providers listed in this section operate within the framework of specific agreements with us and exclusively on the basis of your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 (a) GDPR which you can give or withdraw at any time via our Consent Management Platform (CMP) and are largely certified in accordance with the IAB standard. Please note that other advertising partners may process your data within the framework of the iab network (for more details, please refer to section 5.6.2).
5.6.3.1 Direct campaigns
Occasionally we carry out direct campaigns with different changing advertising partners or agencies with limited runtimes and targeting. Such advertising partners are themselves responsible for data processing.
Possible technical implementation:
Redirects and VAST advertising media
- Via the Google Ad Manager we establish a technical connection between our advertising spaces and the advertising partner’s ad server. A pixel-code and click URLs can also be integrated directly.
Physical advertising material
(videospots and graphics)- Some files are stored directly in the Google Ad Manager – in that case no personal data is transmitted to the advertising partner.
Pixel-code
- An “invisible” graphic is delivered at the same time as the advertising material. The graphic is located on an external server of the advertising partner. In most cases, a third-party service provider works for the advertising partner.
Click URLs with tracking parameters
- If you click on the advertising material, you may be directed to the target page of the advertising partner via a tracking service provider. The tracking service provider will not collect any data until you click on the ad.
Type of personal data
Online identifier (IP addresses, cookie IDs, device IDs)
Transaction data (such as time of an ad impression, time of an ad click)
Nature and scope of data processing
Shortened IP addresses and cookie or device IDs are used to create monthly reports and to deliver advertising material within the App.
5.6.3.2 Reach marketing
With other advertising partners we carry out campaigns with fixed technical setups for an unlimited period of time.
Technical implementation
Redirects and VAST advertising media
- Via the Google Ad Manager we establish a technical connection between our advertising spaces and the ad server of the advertising client. A pixel-code and click URLs can also be directly integrated.
Type of personal data
Online identifiers (IP addresses, cookie IDs, device IDs)
Transaction data (such as time of an ad impression, time of an ad click)
Nature and scope of data processing
IP addresses and cookie or device IDs are used to create monthly reports and to deliver advertising material.
radio.de’s advertising partners for reach marketing
smartclip Europe GmbH
Privacy Policy:
https://privacy-portal.smartclip.net/en/
SMARTSTREAM.TV GmbH
Privacy Policy:
https://www.smartstream.tv/en/productprivacy
Goldbach Germany GmbH
Privacy Policy:
https://goldbach.com/de/de/datenschutz/goldbach-germany
Goldbach Austria GmbH
Privacy Policy:
https://goldbach.com/at/de/datenschutz/datenschutz-goldbach-austria
YOC AG
Privacy Policy:
https://yoc.com/privacy/
Spot X
Privacy Policy:
https://www.spotx.tv/privacy-policy/
Weischer.Media GmbH & Co. KG
Privacy Policy:
https://weischer.media/de/de/datenschutzerklaerung/
5.6.3.3 Programmatic Advertising and Real Time Bidding
Via Google’s Ad Manager we are connected to various networks that bid on the advertising space within our App. Some of these networks are active in the Google ADX, a digital real-time marketplace, where they bid on our advertising space, while others are activated separately for that purpose. The selection and delivery of the advertising is then carried out via the Google Ad Manager. The entire process is carried out automatically with regard to both the control of the advertising contact opportunities (so-called
“Programmatic Advertising”
) and the pricing between the supply and demand side (so-called
“Real Time Bidding”
).
Technical implementation
Redirects and VAST advertising media
- Via the Google Ad Manager we establish a technical connection between our advertising spaces and the ad server of the advertising client. A pixel-code and click URLs can also be directly integrated.
Type of personal data
Online identifiers (IP addresses, cookie IDs, device IDs)
Transaction data (such as time of an ad impression, time of an ad click)
Technical parameters of the browser (browser identifier, operating system, screen resolution, device classes, device manufacturer)
Nature and scope of data processing
The personal data used to create monthly reports and to deliver advertising material.
radio.de’s advertising partners for Programmatic Advertising and Real Time Bidding
Google ADX (You can find a list on all advertising partners that are connected via Google ADX
here
.)
Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Google Adsense
Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Index Exchange
Privacy Policy:
https://www.indexexchange.com/privacy/
Rubicon
Privacy Policy:
https://rubiconproject.com/rubicon-project-advertising-technology-privacy-policy/
Xandr (Appnexus)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.xandr.com/privacy/platform-privacy-policy/
Sovrn
Privacy Policy:
https://www.sovrn.com/privacy-policy/
Pubmatic
Privacy Policy:
https://pubmatic.com/legal/privacy/
RhythmOne
Privacy Policy:
https://www.rhythmone.com/privacy-policy/
Improve Digital
Privacy Policy:
https://www.improvedigital.com/platform-privacy-policy/
Media.net
Privacy Policy:
https://www.media.net/privacy-policy/
YOC AG
Privacy Policy:
https://yoc.com/privacy/
Smart
Privacy Policy:
https://smartadserver.com/end-user-privacy-policy
Ströer SSP GmbH
Privacy Policy:
https://www.stroeer.de/en/data-protection/
5.7 Other Marketing Tools
Google Ads
radio.de uses Google Ads, a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Irland („Google“), to display advertisements. If you open our App, we and Google can recognise this. radio.de thus learns the total number of users who open the App. The measurement and statistical analysis described above is carried out by Google Analytics for Firebase (see under 5.2.1). The use of Google Analytics for Firebase is based on your consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 (a) GDPR, which you can give or withdraw at any time via our CMP.
Maze
For surveys and user tests radio.net utilizes Maze that is a service of Maze.Design Ltd, England. Upon usage of this app you may be asked to participate in a survey or user test.
If you choose to participate, you will be directed to Maze. You will find the privacy policy of Maze here:
https://maze.co/privacy-policy/
6. Your data protection rights
In accordance with the GDPR as well as in accordance with the relevant provisions of European law and national law, you have the following rights within the scope of the respective provision, which you can exercise over radio.de - unless otherwise stated - e.g. by sending an email to datenschutz@radio.de or to the contact data stated under section 2. radio.de will fulfil your rights if the relevant conditions are met:
Right of access
In accordance with Art. 15 GDPR, you can obtain confirmation from radio.de as to whether or not your personal data is collected, processed and stored by radio.de. If such a collection, processing and storage exists, you can, among other things, obtain information from radio.de about the purposes for which the personal data is collected and processed and the planned duration of storage of your personal data or, if specific information on this is not possible, about criteria for determining the duration of storage.
Right to rectification
If the personal data collected and processed concerning you is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right of rectification and/or completion of your personal data in accordance with Art. 16 GDPR towards radio.de.
Right to restriction of processing
In accordance with Art. 18 GDPR, you can request the restriction of the processing of your personal data.
Right to erasure
In accordance with Art. 17 GDPR, you can obtain from radio.de the erasure of your personal will be deleted immediately. radio.de may be obliged to delete this data immediately if the personal data relating to you is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed, or if you have withdrawn your consent to which the collection, processing and storage relates. The right to deletion does not exist, among other things, if the processing is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation which requires the collection and processing according to the law of the EU or the member states to which radio.de is subject and if the collection and processing is necessary for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Right to data portability
In accordance with Art. 20 GDPR, you have the right to receive your personal data that you have provided to us as the data controller in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You also have the right to transmit those data to another person in charge, without hindrance from us.
Right to object
**According to Art. 21 GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing of personal data concerning you. Pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR, you may at any time, for reasons arising from your particular situation, object to the processing of personal data carried out on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 (f) GDPR. **
Right to withdraw consent
If you have given us your consent to the collecting and processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent under data protection law at any time in accordance with Art. 7 para. 3 GDPR. Processing that took place before the withdrawal remains unaffected by this.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
According to Art. 77 GDPR, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state of your place of residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement, in case that you believe that the collection and processing of your personal data infringes the GDPR.
7. Miscellaneous
In the further development of the services offered and the implementation of new technologies, radio.de reserves the right to update this data protection declaration at any time. radio.de therefore asks you to regularly take note of our privacy policy available here.
Last updated: November 2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: February 21, 2025
To see prior version, click
here
.
This Privacy Notice describes how we collect and use your personal information in relation to AWS websites, applications, products, services, events, and experiences that reference this Privacy Notice (together, “AWS Offerings”).
This Privacy Notice does not apply to the “content” processed, stored, or hosted by our customers using AWS Offerings in connection with an AWS account. See the agreement governing your access to your AWS account and the
AWS Data Privacy FAQ
for more information about how we handle content and how our customers can control their content through AWS Offerings. This Privacy Notice also does not apply to any products, services, websites, or content that are offered by third parties or have their own privacy notice.
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Personal Information
Cookies
How We Share Personal Information
Location of Personal Information
How We Secure Information
Access and Choice
Children’s Personal Information
Third Party Sites and Services
Retention of Personal Information
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
Examples of Information Collected
Personal Information We Collect
We collect your personal information in the course of providing AWS Offerings to you.
Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Give Us:
We collect any information you provide in relation to AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information you give us.
Automatic Information:
We automatically collect certain types of information when you interact with AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect automatically.
Information from Other Sources:
We might collect information about you from other sources, including service providers, partners, and publicly available sources. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect from other sources.
How We Use Personal Information
We use your personal information to operate, provide, and improve AWS Offerings. Our purposes for using personal information include:
Provide AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to provide and deliver AWS Offerings and process transactions related to AWS Offerings, including registrations, subscriptions, purchases, and payments.
Measure, Support, and Improve AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to measure use of, analyze performance of, fix errors in, provide support for, improve, and develop AWS Offerings.
Recommendations and Personalization:
We use your personal information to recommend AWS Offerings that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with AWS Offerings.
Comply with Legal Obligations:
In certain cases, we have a legal obligation to collect, use, or retain your personal information. For example, we collect bank account information from AWS Marketplace sellers for identity verification.
Communicate with You:
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to AWS Offerings via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat) and to respond to your requests.
Marketing:
We use your personal information to market and promote AWS Offerings.
Fraud and Abuse Prevention and Credit Risks:
We use your personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, AWS, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
Purposes for Which We Seek Your Consent:
We may also ask for your consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you.
Cookies
To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide, market, and improve AWS Offerings, we and approved third parties use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
Cookie Notice
.
How We Share Personal Information
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling our customers’ personal information to others. We share personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com, Inc. and the affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions Involving Third Parties:
We make available to you services, software, and content provided by third parties for use on or through AWS Offerings. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share information related to those transactions with that third party. For example, you can order services, software, and content from sellers using the AWS Marketplace and we provide those sellers information to facilitate your subscription, purchases, or support.
Third-Party Service Providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include: delivering AWS hardware, sending communications, processing payments, assessing credit and compliance risks, analyzing data, providing marketing and sales assistance (including advertising and event management), conducting customer relationship management, and providing training. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Further, they must process that information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection law.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or services. In such transactions, personal information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the individual consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that AWS or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Us and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce or apply our terms and other agreements, or protect the rights, property, or security of AWS, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction.
At Your Option:
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Location of Personal Information
Amazon Web Services, Inc. is located in the United States, and our affiliated companies are located throughout the world. Depending on the scope of your interactions with AWS Offerings, your personal information may be stored in or accessed from multiple countries, including the United States. Whenever we transfer personal information to other jurisdictions, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
How We Secure Information
At AWS, security is our highest priority. We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We maintain a wide variety of compliance programs that validate our security controls. Click
here
to learn more about our compliance programs.
We protect the security of your information during transmission to or from AWS websites, applications, products, or services by using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
Access and Choice
You can view, update, and delete certain information about your account and your interactions with AWS Offerings. Click
here
for a list of examples of information that you can access. If you cannot access or update your information yourself, you can always contact us for assistance.
You have choices about the collection and use of your personal information. Many AWS Offerings include settings that provide you with options as to how your information is being used. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of certain AWS Offerings.
Account Information:
If you want to add, update, or delete information related to your account, please go to the
AWS Management Console
. When you update or delete any information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
Communications:
If you do not want to receive promotional messages from us, please unsubscribe or adjust your communication preferences in the
AWS Management Console
or the
AWS Email Preference Center
. If you do not want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or your device.
Cookies Preferences:
You can change your cookie preferences on AWS sites at any time by clicking Cookie Preferences in the footer of the AWS site. You can also manage cookies through your browser settings.
The "Help" feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to remove cookies from your device, how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Sellers and Amazon Partners:
Sellers and Amazon Partner Network members can add, update, or delete information in the
AWS Marketplace
and
APN Partner Central
, respectively.
Children’s Personal Information
We don’t provide AWS Offerings for purchase by children. If you’re under 18, you may use AWS Offerings only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Third Party Sites and Services
AWS Offerings may embed content provided by others or include links to other websites and applications. These companies may collect information about you when you interact with their content or services. We are not responsible for the practices of these companies. Please consult their privacy policies to learn about their data practices.
Retention of Personal Information
We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
If you have any concerns about privacy at AWS, please
contact us
with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve the issue for you.
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services, Inc., our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, ATTN: AWS Legal
Contact details for specific jurisdictions including the European Economic Area, the UK and Switzerland, can be found in “Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions” below.
If you interact with AWS Offerings on behalf of or through your organization, then your personal information may also be subject to your organization’s privacy practices, and you should direct privacy inquiries to your organization.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice may also change. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes. You can see the date on which the latest version of this Privacy Notice was posted. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all personal information we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past without informing affected customers and giving them a choice.
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon Web Services, Inc. participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. Click
here
to learn more.
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
We provide additional information about our controllers and data protection officers (as applicable), the privacy, collection, and use of personal information of prospective and current customers of AWS Offerings located in certain jurisdictions.
Brazil
Controller of Personal Information
. When Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda., A. Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 2.041, Torre E - 18th and 19th Floors, Vila Nova Conceicao, Sao Paulo, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering. The data protection officer for Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. can be contacted at aws-brazil-privacy@amazon.com.
Processing
. We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint with Brazil’s National Data Protection Authority (ANPD) through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Transfers outside of Brazil
. When we transfer your personal information outside Brazil, we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
Canada
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements; and
lodge a complaint with us regarding our practices related to your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or by mail at 120 Bremner Blvd, 26th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 0A8, Canada, ATTN: AWS Canada Legal. Further, the Amazon Web Services Canada, Inc. Privacy Officer can be contacted at
aws-canada-privacy@amazon.com
or by mail at the address noted above.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Costa Rica
Your Rights
. With respect to data collected and processed by Amazon Web Services Costa Rica (“AWS Costa Rica”), you have the rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction, or complaint. When you consent to AWS Costa Rica processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and AWS Costa Rica will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us at Zona Franca America, Edificio C7. 600 norte de Plaza Real Cariari, sobre la paralela a la Autopista General Cañas. San Francisco de Heredia, Costa Rica.
European Economic Area, UK, and Switzerland
Controller of Personal Information.
When Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is also the authorized representative of Amazon Web Services, Inc. in the EEA.
Processing.
We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Information We Retain After Your Account is Closed.
If you decide to terminate your agreement and close your AWS account, we will retain your content for a period of up to 90 days after account closure, during which you may still access part of the AWS Management Console in order to retrieve your billing documents and to contact customer support. During this period, you may also decide to reopen your AWS account. At the end of this period, we will delete any content remaining in your account.
After account closure, we may need to keep certain information for an additional period of time for legal and legitimate business purposes. For example, we may retain personal information such as your contact information (e.g., name, email address, physical address) and any invoices that AWS has sent to you (e.g., record of purchases, applicable discounts, and tax information) for tax and accounting purposes. If applicable, AWS may also retain records of communications with you, as well as relevant logs (e.g., a log of your account closure) for dispute resolution purposes. We further may keep records for preventing fraud and ensuring security, for example in case of misuse of our services or violation of our terms.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means.
Questions and Contacts.
If you wish to do any of these things or have a data-protection related question, and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
The data protection officer for Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL can be contacted at aws-EU-privacy@amazon.com.
You can also lodge a complaint with our principal supervisory authority, the
Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg
, or with a local authority.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Cookies.
Please refer to our
Cookie Notice
.
Transfers outside of the EEA.
When we transfer your personal information outside the EEA we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
India
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services India Private Limited (formerly known as Amazon Internet Services Private Limited), our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services India Private Limited, Block E, 14th Floor, Unit Nos. 1401 to 1421, International Trade Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi, Delhi 110019, India, ATTN: AWS India Legal.
Japan
Controller of Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or gathered by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN.
Any personal information collected by Amazon Web Services, Inc. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Use of Personal Information
We jointly use your personal information for such purposes as described in this Privacy Notice with domestic and foreign affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls, including Amazon Web Services, Inc., Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, and other global entities that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice. Jointly used personal information includes personal information described under “Personal Information We Collect” and “Example of Information Collected” above. Amazon Web Services, Inc. is the business operator primarily responsible for managing jointly used personal information.
We share personal information with third parties only to the extent described under “How We Share Personal Information” above and in accordance with the Act on Protection of Personal Information.
When we share your personal information with third parties outside of Japan, such as sellers of products on AWS Marketplace and sponsors of AWS events, we require the recipients to adopt personal information security measures to protect your personal information.
Please see
here
for information on the countries where third parties may be located, and the applicable data privacy laws and data protection systems in these countries.
Your Rights
You may have the right to request access to or delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law. If you wish to submit a data subject access request, please
contact us
(for AWS customers) or contact us at our mailing address, Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN, ATTN: AWS Japan Legal (for current or prospective customers of Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. and non-customers in Japan).
Malaysia
A Bahasa Malaysia translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Nigeria
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Nigeria Limited, located at 3-5 Sinari Daranijo Street, Off Ajose Adeogun, Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria (“AWS Nigeria”), AWS Nigeria is the data controller.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Nigeria customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
You can also file a complaint with Nigeria’s National Information Technology Development Agency through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Peru
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Peru S.R.L., located at Av. Jorge Basadre 349 San Isidro, Lima (“AWS Peru”), AWS Peru is the data controller and the personal data bank holder of the following data banks: customers, prospective customers, and vendors.
Personal Information.
Depending on how you engage with AWS Peru, we may process one or more of the following kinds of personal information: name, identity card number, Tax ID, contact information (such as address, telephone, email address), profession, banking and credit card details, and physical or electronic signature. For more information about the personal information that we collect, click
here
.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
exercise any other rights afforded by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Peru customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint before the Peruvian National Data Protection Authority through its official channels.
Data Processors and Transfers to Third Parties.
We may share your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations, including to Amazon Web Services Inc., located at 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, United States of America, for the purposes of providing services and engaging in marketing, business development, and sales efforts with respect to cloud services that Amazon Web Services, Inc. sells globally; and enabling the provision of data hosting, storage, and processing by Amazon Web Services, Inc. as AWS Peru’s data processor.
Philippines
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Philippines, Inc. (“AWS Philippines”), you may contact the Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) and Data Compliance Officer for Privacy (“COP”)
here
if you are an AWS Philippines customer. If you are not an AWS customer, you may contact the DPO and COP at 21st floor Arthaland Century Pacific Tower, 5th Avenue 1634 Bonifacio Global City, Taguig, Philippines.
South Africa
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services South Africa Proprietary Limited, located at 29 Gogosoa Street, Observatory, Cape Town, South Africa, 7925 (“AWS South Africa”), AWS South Africa is the responsible party.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
object, at any time to the processing of your personal information for purposes of direct marketing other than direct marketing by means of unsolicited electronic communications from AWS which is prohibited unless you give consent to receive such direct marketing;
object, at any time (at which point we will cease processing of your personal information), to the processing of your personal information if you feel the processing of that personal information is not necessary for protection of your legitimate interest/s; proper performance of a public law duty by a public body; or pursuance of the legitimate interests of AWS or of a third party to whom the information is supplied; and
to submit a complaint to the Information Regulator of South Africa regarding interference with the protection of your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS South Africa customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
The Information Regulator Contact Details. The Information Regulator of South Africa is located at: JD House, 27 Stiemens Street, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2001. P.O. Box 31533, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2017. You may direct general enquiries by email to:
enquiries@inforegulator.org.za
. You may direct complaints by email to:
POPIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za
.
South Korea
AWS does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 14 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian.
How We Share Personal Information
AWS may share personal information as described in this Privacy Notice, including with affiliates of Amazon Web Services, Inc.
AWS has contracts in place with the following third party service provider(s) (delegatees) to perform functions on behalf of AWS in Korea, and they may have access to your personal information as needed to perform their functions described below:
The details of delegation for event management can be found on the relevant event page.
AWS may share your personal information with the following third party service provider(s) outside of Korea as described below:
If you do not agree with the above-stated overseas transfers, please stop using AWS Services and close your AWS Account.
Deletion of Personal Information
AWS will delete your personal information (including after closure of your AWS account) as described in this Privacy Notice. When deleting personal information, AWS will take standard commercially reasonable measures to make the personal information practically irrecoverable or irreproducible. The specific manner of deletion will depend on the information being deleted, how the information was collected and stored, and your interactions with us. Electronic documents or files containing personal information will be deleted using a technical method that makes recovery or retrieval of such information practically impossible or renders the data no longer personally identifiable. Non-electronic documents or files containing personal information will be shredded, incinerated, or both.
Retention of Personal Information
AWS Korea keeps your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes as may be required by the Framework Act on National Taxes of Republic of Korea or other laws), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
If you have any privacy questions or requests please contact:
AWS Korea Privacy
Email: aws-korea-privacy@amazon.com
Korean translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Turkey
Controller of Personal Information.
When AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi is the provider of an AWS Offering, AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi, located at Esentepe Mahallesi Bahar Sk. Özdilek/River Plaza/Wyndham Grand Hotel Apt. No: 13/52 Şişli/İstanbul, Turkey, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
United States
These additional disclosures are required by certain state privacy laws to the extent they apply to your use of AWS Offerings, and serve as a Notice at Collection under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Categories of personal information collected
. The personal information that we may collect, or may have collected from consumers in the preceding twelve months, fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, alias, address, phone numbers, or IP address, your AWS account log-in information, or a government-issued identifier (such as a state-issued ID number, which may be required to verify your identity when completing certain AWS certification courses, or an ID you provide for identity verification, which in some cases may reflect citizenship or immigration status);
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information;
characteristics of protected classifications under California or US federal law, such as age, race, or gender or gender identity, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis;
commercial information, such as purchase activity;
internet or other electronic network activity information, including content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details;
information used to prevent and detect fraud or other unauthorized activity, including informing customers if such activity were to affect them;
biometric information, such as your voice or appearance, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of a speech or image recognition service;
geolocation data, which may in some cases constitute precise geolocation information, such as the location of your device or computer, for example if you enable location services to enhance your experience through event applications we offer;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, including when you communicate with us by phone or otherwise;
professional or employment-related information, for example data you may provide about your business;
inference data, such as information about your preferences; and
education information, such as information about enrollment status, fields of study, or degrees, honors, and awards received.
We collect this information from you, automatically through your interaction with the AWS Offerings, or from third parties. For more information about the personal information we collect, click
here
. We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the “How We Use Personal Information” section above.
Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose
. The personal information that we may have disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the preceding twelve months fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, address, or phone numbers, for example if we use a third-party carrier to deliver AWS hardware, or government identifier or certain types of ID you provide for identity verification, which may in some cases reflect your citizenship or immigration status, for example if we use a third-party service to verify your identity;
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information, for example if we use a third-party payment processor;
information that may reveal your age, gender or gender identity, race, or other protected classifications under California or US federal law, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis using a third-party service provider;
commercial information, such as the details of a product or service you purchased if a third-party service provider assists in providing that product or service to you;
internet or other electronic network activity information, such as if we use a third-party service provider to help us gather reports for analyzing the health of our devices and services;
information relating to our prevention and detection of unauthorized activity, such as attempted fraud;
biometric information, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of certain AWS services facilitated by a third-party service provider;
geolocation data, which may constitute precise geolocation data, for example if we enable transportation services from a third party in connection with an AWS event;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, for example if a third-party service provider reviews recordings of customer support phone calls for quality assurance purposes;
professional or employment-related information, for example if we provide information to a third-party service provider for verification or registration as part of the AWS Offerings;
education information, for example if we facilitate employment or internship recruitment activities for participants in the AWS Educate program; and
inference data, for example if we use a third-party service provider to store information about your preferences.
For more information about the personal information we may disclose for a business purpose, click
here
.
Your Data Rights
. You may have certain data rights under state privacy laws, including to request information about the collection of your personal information by us, to access your personal information in a portable format, and to correct or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, or you are an authorized agent under applicable state law, please contact us
here
or at the address under
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
above. Additionally, you may have the right to appeal the denial of any of these rights by submitting a form that will be provided to you if we deny a data request. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
To ensure the security of your AWS account, we will generally ask you to verify your request using the contact information you have already provided. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of a consumer pursuant to applicable state law, we may ask you to provide information verifying you have proper authority to make the request on behalf of the consumer or we may ask the consumer to verify their identity with us directly.
No sale or sharing of personal information
. We do not sell or share any personal information of consumers, as those terms are defined under the California Privacy Rights Act.
De-identified Data Disclosure.
AWS may use de-identified data in some instances. AWS either maintains such data without attempting to re-identify it or treats such data as personal data subject to applicable law.
California Privacy Rights Act Sensitive Personal Information Disclosure
. The categories of data that we collect and disclose for a business purpose include “sensitive personal information” as defined under the California Privacy Rights Act. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose not expressly permitted by the California Privacy Rights Act.
California Privacy Rights Act Retention Disclosure
. To enable your continued use of AWS Services, we keep your personal information for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this AWS Privacy Notice, as permitted or as may be required by law, or as otherwise communicated to you.
California Privacy Rights Act Non-Discrimination Statement
. We will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Colorado Privacy Act and Oregon Privacy Act Profiling Disclosure
. We do not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act or the Oregon Privacy Act.
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide information to us when you:
search for, subscribe to, or purchase AWS Offerings;
create or administer your AWS account (and you might have more than one account if you have used more than one email address when using AWS Offerings);
configure your settings for, provide data access permissions for, or otherwise interact with AWS Offerings;
register for or attend an AWS event;
purchase or use content, products, or services from third-party providers through the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
offer your content, products, or services on or through AWS Offerings or the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or other information request forms;
post on AWS websites or participate in community features; and
employ notification services.
Depending on your use of AWS Offerings, you might supply us with such information as:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
payment information, including credit card and bank account information;
information about your location;
information about your organization and your contacts, such as colleagues or people within your organization;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
content of feedback, testimonials, inquiries, support tickets, and any phone conversations, chat sessions and emails with or to us;
your image (still, video, and in some cases 3-D), voice, and other identifiers that are personal to you when you attend an AWS event or use certain AWS Offerings;
information regarding identity, including government-issued identification information;
corporate and financial information; and
VAT numbers and other tax identifiers.
Automatic Information
We collect information automatically when you:
visit, interact with, or use AWS Offerings (including when you use your computer or other device to interact with AWS Offerings);
download content from us;
open emails or click on links in emails from us; and
interact or communicate with us (such as when you attend an AWS event or when you request customer support).
Examples of the information we automatically collect include:
network and connection information, such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or other device to the Internet and information about your Internet service provider;
computer and device information, such as device, application, or browser type and version, browser plug-in type and version, operating system, or time zone setting;
the location of your device or computer;
authentication and security credential information;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads;
AWS Offerings metrics, such as offering usage, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs;
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website (including date and time) and AWS Offerings, content you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs);
email addresses and phone numbers used to contact us; and
identifiers and information contained in cookies (see our
Cookie Notice
).
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
marketing, sales generation, and recruitment information, including your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
subscription, purchase, support, or other information about your interactions with products and services offered by us, our affiliates (such as AWS training courses), or third parties (such as products offered through the AWS Marketplace) in relation to AWS Offerings;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links); and
credit history information from credit bureaus.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through AWS Offerings include:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
your subscription, purchase, usage, billing, and payment history;
payment settings, such as payment instrument information and billing preferences;
tax information;
email communication and notification settings; and
if you participate in the AWS Marketplace or Amazon Partner Network (or other similar venues operated or provided by us), your account, your status, subscriptions, and other information.
Customers can access the information above through AWS Offerings, such as the
AWS Management Console
(including the
My Account
,
Billing Dashboard
,
Bills
,
Payment Methods
,
Payment History
,
Preferences
and
Tax Settings
pages), the
AWS Email Preference Center
,
AWS Marketplace
, and
APN Partner Central
.
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Sub-policy 1
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/manage-iids:
Skip to main content
firebase.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Build
More
Run
More
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
More
Community
More
Support
Go to console
Developer Support
Contact Support
Scope of no-cost support
Support Guides
Overview
FAQ
Security checklist
Launch checklist
Firebase-related service accounts
Troubleshoot initialization options
Enable the AdSupport framework
Dynamic Links deprecation
Deprecation FAQ
Export Dynamic Links metadata
Migrate to App Links & Universal Links
Migrate from Parse
Android
iOS+
Cloud Audit Logs
Firebase Management
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Firebase Security Rules
Firebase Realtime Database
Android Device Streaming
Recent Changes and Updates
Release Notes
iOS Release Notes
Android Release Notes
JavaScript Release Notes
Flutter Release Notes
C++ Release Notes
Unity Release Notes
Admin Node.js Release Notes
Admin Java Release Notes
Admin Python Release Notes
Admin Go Release Notes
Admin .
NET Release Notes
Security Rules Release Notes
Firebase CLI Release Notes
Policies for changes and versioning
Overview
Introducing and communicating changes
Versioning and maintenance
Legal Information
Terms of Service
Paid Services Terms
Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase: Standard Contractual Clauses
Service Level Agreement for Hosting and Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase Service Level Agreement
Firebase App Indexing User Data Policy
Crashlytics and App Distribution Terms
Firebase Subprocessors
Privacy and Security Information
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Designate Data Protection Officers and EU Representatives
Firebase Data Privacy Inquiries
Manage Instance ID data
Clear and export users' data
Storing privacy settings with Firebase
Build
Go to Build
Build Products
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative AI
Run
Go to Run
Run Products
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Overview
Fundamentals
Build
Run
Reference
Samples
Learn
Events
Stories
Firebase
Support
Send feedback
Manage Instance ID data
bookmark_border
bookmark
Stay organized with collections
Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
On this page
Manage app data associated with Instance IDs
Delete an Instance ID
Delete an ID with a client API call
Delete an ID with a server API call
Disable Instance ID generation
Warning:
The Instance ID API is deprecated.
If you need to access unique
app installation identifiers, use the
Firebase installations
API.
See also
Firebase installations and Instance ID
.
The
server-side topic management API
is still available.
Instance IDs identify individual installations of your app. Since each Instance
ID is unique to a particular app and device, they give Firebase services a way
to refer to specific app instances. For example,
Cloud Messaging
uses
Instance IDs to determine which devices to send messages to.
Several Firebase services use Instance IDs to power their features:
Analytics
Crashlytics
Cloud Messaging
Remote Config
Manage app data associated with Instance IDs
Services that use Instance IDs to identify installations also use them as a key to
associate relevant data with that device. For example,
Crashlytics
uses
Instance IDs to record crashes that happen on the device,
Remote Config
uses
them to fetch configurations, and
Analytics
uses Instance IDs to track
particular audiences.
Data associated with Instance IDs is generally
not
personally-identifying,
but it can still be helpful to give users an option to manage it. To that
end, Firebase offers two ways to manage Instance-ID-related data collection:
Delete Instance IDs.
You can delete an Instance ID with a server- or
client-side API call. Deleting an Instance ID deletes the ID itself and all data
associated with it.
Disable services that generate IDs.
Most Firebase services that use Instance
IDs automatically generate a new ID if there isn't one on the device when they
start up. To ensure your app doesn't create unwanted Instance IDs, disable
auto-initialization for those services.
Delete an Instance ID
Deleting an Instance ID also deletes data associated with that ID in any of the
Firebase services listed above. That makes ID deletion a helpful tool in
clearing user data, but also comes with a caveat: if you're using multiple
services that rely on Instance IDs, deleting an ID clears data from
all
of
them.
The Instance ID service creates a new ID within a few days, unless you
disable all Instance-ID-generating services in your app. Firebase considers the
newly-created ID to be a brand new app instance, and doesn't associate it with
the previous ID in any way.
Note:
Google Analytics
uses its own form of Instance ID to keep track of
analytics data. Deleting a regular Instance ID does
not
delete Analytics data.
Learn how to
delete Analytics data associated with end users
.
Delete an ID with a client API call
To delete IDs generated by Firebase services, call the appropriate method from
the Firebase Instance ID API:
Swift
Objective-C
Android
More
InstanceID
.
instanceID
().
deleteID
{
error
in
if
let
error
=
error
{
print
(
"Error deleting instance ID:
\(
error
)
"
)
}
}
[
FIRInstanceID
instanceID
]
deleteIDWithHandler
:^
(
NSError
*
error
)
{
if
error
!=
nil
{
NSLog
(
@"Error deleting instance ID: %@"
,
error
);
}
}];
FirebaseInstanceId.deleteInstanceId();
Delete an ID with a server API call
To delete an Instance ID with server API calls,
add the Firebase Admin SDK to your server
,
if you haven't already.
Once it's added, delete IDs through a call to the Instance ID deletion function
in your language of choice:
Node.js
Java
Python
Go
More
// An Instance ID sent from a client service SDK
const
idToDelete
=
'INSTANCE_ID'
;
admin
.
instanceId
().
deleteInstanceId
(
idToDelete
);
// An Instance ID sent from a client service SDK
String
idToDelete
=
"INSTANCE_ID"
;
FirebaseInstanceId
.
getInstance
().
deleteInstanceIdAsync
(
idToDelete
).
get
();
from
firebase_admin
import
instance_id
# An Instance ID sent from a client service SDK
id_to_delete
=
'INSTANCE_ID'
instance_id
.
delete_instance_id
(
id_to_delete
)
client
,
err
:=
app
.
InstanceId
(
ctx
)
if
err
!=
nil
{
log
.
Fatalln
(
"error initializing client"
,
err
)
}
iidToDelete
:=
"INSTANCE_ID"
if
err
:=
client
.
DeleteInstanceId
(
ctx
,
iidToDelete
);
err
!=
nil
{
log
.
Fatalln
(
"error deleting iid"
,
err
)
}
When you delete an Instance ID with a server API call, Firebase services delete
the associated data, stop accepting new data for that ID, and, within a few days,
notify the client app that the ID was deleted. Until Firebase notifies the client
app, some of the app's services might experience reduced functionality.
If you want to delete the current Instance ID and immediately use Firebase
services with a new, independent ID, use one of the Client APIs above to
handle the deletion.
Disable Instance ID generation
Services that use Instance IDs automatically generate a new ID when they're
initialized in an app that doesn't currently have one. Typically, those services
also automatically initialize when your app launches. To disable Instance
ID generation, you have to disable auto-initialization for services that use
them.
A common approach is to give users an option to
opt-in to data collection: disable auto-initialization for
the services that use Instance IDs, implement a dialog that prompts
users for their consent to data collection, and re-enable the services manually
once you have consent.
Read the guides below to find out how to disable auto-initialization for
Instance-ID-using services and instead manually initialize them:
Cloud Messaging
:
Prevent Auto-initialization (Android)
or
Prevent Auto-initialization (iOS+)
Crash Reporting
:
Enable Opt-in Reporting
Analytics
:
Configure Analytics Data Collection
Note:
Firebase Remote Config also generates Instance IDs, but isn't
automatically initialized on app start. To delay ID generation in Remote Config,
don't use the service until you're ready to generate an ID.
Send feedback
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2025-03-11 UTC.
Info
Chat
Sub-policy 2
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy:
Skip to main content
firebase.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Build
More
Run
More
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
More
Community
More
Support
Go to console
Developer Support
Contact Support
Scope of no-cost support
Support Guides
Overview
FAQ
Security checklist
Launch checklist
Firebase-related service accounts
Troubleshoot initialization options
Enable the AdSupport framework
Dynamic Links deprecation
Deprecation FAQ
Export Dynamic Links metadata
Migrate to App Links & Universal Links
Migrate from Parse
Android
iOS+
Cloud Audit Logs
Firebase Management
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Firebase Security Rules
Firebase Realtime Database
Android Device Streaming
Recent Changes and Updates
Release Notes
iOS Release Notes
Android Release Notes
JavaScript Release Notes
Flutter Release Notes
C++ Release Notes
Unity Release Notes
Admin Node.js Release Notes
Admin Java Release Notes
Admin Python Release Notes
Admin Go Release Notes
Admin .
NET Release Notes
Security Rules Release Notes
Firebase CLI Release Notes
Policies for changes and versioning
Overview
Introducing and communicating changes
Versioning and maintenance
Legal Information
Terms of Service
Paid Services Terms
Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase: Standard Contractual Clauses
Service Level Agreement for Hosting and Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase Service Level Agreement
Firebase App Indexing User Data Policy
Crashlytics and App Distribution Terms
Firebase Subprocessors
Privacy and Security Information
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Designate Data Protection Officers and EU Representatives
Firebase Data Privacy Inquiries
Manage Instance ID data
Clear and export users' data
Storing privacy settings with Firebase
Build
Go to Build
Build Products
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative AI
Run
Go to Run
Run Products
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Overview
Fundamentals
Build
Run
Reference
Samples
Learn
Events
Stories
Firebase
Support
Send feedback
Privacy and Security in Firebase
bookmark_border
bookmark
Stay organized with collections
Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
On this page
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Data storage and processing locations
Security information
Data encryption
Security practices
Firebase Service Data
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
This page outlines Firebase's key security and privacy information. Whether
you're looking to kick off a new project with Firebase, or curious about how
Firebase works with your existing project, read on to see how Firebase can help
protect you and your users.
Last modified: February 20, 2025
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
On May 25th, 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaced the
1995 EU Data Protection Directive. On January 1, 2020, the California Consumer
Privacy Act (CCPA) took effect. On January 1, 2023, the California Privacy
Rights Act (CPRA), which is a data privacy law that amends and expands upon the
CCPA, took effect. Google is committed to helping our customers succeed under
these privacy regulations, whether they are large software companies or
independent developers.
The GDPR imposes obligations on data controllers and data processors, and the
CCPA/CPRA imposes obligations on businesses and their service providers.
Firebase customers typically act as the "data controller" (GDPR) or "business"
(CCPA/CPRA) for any personal data or information about their end-users they
provide to Google in connection with their use of Firebase, and Google generally
operates as a "data processor" (GDPR) or "service provider" (CCPA/CPRA).
This means that data is under the customer's control. Customers are
responsible for obligations like fulfilling an individual's rights with respect
to their personal data or information.
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
When customers use Firebase, Google is generally a data processor under GDPR and
processes personal data on their behalf. Similarly, when customers use Firebase,
Google generally operates as a service provider under the CCPA/CPRA handling
personal information on their behalf. Firebase terms include
Data Processing
and Security Terms
detailing these
responsibilities.
Certain Firebase services governed by the
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Terms of Service
are already covered by associated data processing terms, the
Cloud Data Processing Addendum
.
A complete list of Firebase services currently governed by the GCP Terms of
Service is available in the
Terms of Service for Firebase Services
.
Google Analytics is a separate service that can be used together with Firebase,
and is subject to separate
terms
.
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
ISO and SOC compliance
All Firebase services (aside from App Indexing) have successfully completed the
ISO
27001
and
SOC
1
,
SOC
2
,
and
SOC 3
evaluation
process, and some have also completed the
ISO
27017
and
ISO
27018
certification
process. Compliance reports and certificates for Firebase services governed by
the GCP Terms of Service may be requested via the
Compliance Reports
Manager
.
Service name
ISO 27001
ISO 27017
ISO 27018
SOC 1
SOC 2
SOC 3
Cloud Firestore
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Functions for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Storage for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase A/B Testing
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Check
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Distribution
check
check
check
check
Firebase Authentication
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase Cloud Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase Crashlytics
check
check
check
check
Firebase Dynamic Links
check
check
check
check
Firebase Hosting
check
check
check
check
Firebase In-App Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase ML
check
check
check
check
Firebase Performance Monitoring
check
check
check
check
Firebase Platform
check
check
check
check
Firebase Realtime Database
check
check
check
check
Firebase Remote Config
check
check
check
check
Firebase Test Lab
check
check
check
check
check
check
Gemini in Firebase
check
check
check
check
Vertex AI in Firebase
check
check
check
check
International Data Transfers
As described in our
Data Privacy Framework
certification
,
we comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the US Department of Commerce
regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from the
EEA, Switzerland and the UK, respectively. Google LLC (and its wholly-owned US
subsidiaries unless explicitly excluded) has certified that it adheres to the
DPF Principles. Google remains responsible for any of your personal information
that is shared under the Onward Transfer Principle with third parties for
external processing on our behalf, as described in the
"Sharing your
information" section of our Privacy
Policy
. To learn more about
the DPF, and to view Google's certification, please visit the
DPF
website
.
If you have an inquiry regarding our privacy practices in relation to our DPF
certification, we encourage you to
contact
us
. Google is
subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade
Commission. You may also refer a complaint to your local data protection
authority and we will work with them to resolve your concern. In certain
circumstances, the DPF provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to
resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in
Annex I to the
DPF
Principles
.
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Some Firebase services process your end users' data to provide their service.
The chart below has examples of how various Firebase services use and handle
end-user data that may potentially be identifying. In addition, many Firebase
services offer the ability to request deletion of specific data or control how
data is handled.
Firebase service
End-user data
How data helps provide the service
Cloud Functions for Firebase
IP addresses
How it helps:
Cloud Functions uses IP addresses to
            execute event-handling functions and HTTP functions based on end-user actions.
Retention:
Cloud functions only saves IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase App Check
Attestation material from supported attestation providers
App Check tokens from successful attestations
How it helps:
Firebase App Check uses attestation
            material required by the corresponding attestation provider and
            received from end-user's devices to help establish the integrity of
            the device and/or the app. Attestation materials are sent to the
            corresponding attestation provider for validation based on the
            developer's configuration. App Check tokens obtained from successful
            attestations are sent with every request to supported Firebase
            services to access resources protected by App Check.
Retention:
Attestation material is not retained by
            App Check, but when it is sent to attestation providers, it is
            subject to the terms of those attestation providers. App Check
            tokens returned from successful attestations are valid throughout
            their TTL duration, which cannot be longer than 7 days. For
            developers who use replay protection features, App Check stores the
            App Check tokens used with these features for at most 30 days. Other
            App Check tokens not used with replay protection features are not
            retained by Firebase services.
Firebase App Distribution
Users' names
Email addresses
iOS UDIDs
Secure Android IDs
Firebase
installation IDs
Tester feedback (screenshots and text)
How it helps:
Firebase App Distribution uses the data to distribute
            app builds to testers, monitor tester activity, enable tester features like in-app
            feedback, and associate data with tester devices.
Retention:
Firebase App Distribution retains user information
            until the Firebase customer requests its deletion, after which data is removed from live
            and backup systems within 180 days.
Firebase Authentication
Passwords
Email addresses
Phone numbers
User agents
IP addresses
How it helps:
Firebase Authentication uses the data to enable end-user
            authentication, and facilitate end-user account management. It also uses user-agent
            strings and IP addresses to provide added security and prevent abuse during sign-up and
            authentication.
Retention:
Firebase Authentication keeps logged IP addresses for a few
            weeks. It retains other authentication information until the Firebase customer initiates
            deletion of the associated user, after which data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase Cloud Messaging uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Crashlytics
Crashlytics Installation UUIDs
Firebase installations ID
Crash traces
Breakpad minidump formatted data
(NDK crashes only)
How it helps:
Firebase Crashlytics uses crash stack
            traces to associate crashes with a project, send email alerts to
            project members and display them in the Firebase Console, and help
            Firebase customers debug crashes. It uses Crashlytics Installation
            UUIDs to measure the number of users impacted by a crash and
            minidump data to process NDK crashes. The minidump data is stored
            while the crash session is being processed and then discarded. The
            Firebase installation ID enables upcoming features that will enhance
            crash reporting and crash management services. Refer to
Examples of stored device information
for more detail on the types of user information gathered.
Retention:
Firebase Crashlytics keeps crash stack traces,
            extracted minidump data, and associated identifiers (including
            Crashlytics Installation UUIDs and Firebase installation IDs) for 90 days before
            starting the process of removing it from live and backup systems.
Note:
Firebase Crashlytics stores minidump data only temporarily in order to
            process NDK crashes.
Firebase Dynamic Links
Device specs (iOS)
IP Addresses (iOS)
How it helps:
Dynamic Links uses device specs and IP addresses on iOS to open
            newly-installed apps to a specific page or context.
Retention:
Dynamic Links only stores device specs and IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase Hosting
IP addresses
How it helps:
Hosting uses IP addresses of incoming requests to detect
            abuse and provide customers with detailed analysis of usage data.
Retention:
Hosting retains IP data for a few months.
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase In-App Messaging
uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase ML
Uploaded Images
installation auth tokens
How it helps:
The Cloud based APIs store uploaded images temporarily,
            to process and return the analysis to you. Stored images are typically deleted within a
            few hours. See the Cloud Vision
Data Usage FAQ
for more
            information.
installation auth tokens
are used by
Firebase ML
for device authentication when interacting with app
            instances, for example, to distribute developer models to app instances.
Retention:
installation auth tokens remain valid until their
            expiration date. The default token lifetime is one week.
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Firebase
installation IDs
IP addresses
How it helps:
Performance Monitoring
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to calculate the number of unique Firebase installations that access network resources,
            to ensure that access patterns are sufficiently anonymous. It also uses
Firebase
installation IDs with
Firebase Remote Config
to manage the rate of performance event reporting. Additionally, it uses IP
            addresses to map performance events to the countries they originate from. For more
            information, see
Data collection
.
Retention:
Performance Monitoring
keeps IP-associated
            events for 30 days, and it keeps installation-associated and de-identified performance
            data for 60 days before starting the process of removing it from live and backup
            systems.
Firebase Realtime Database
IP addresses
User agents
How it helps:
Realtime Database uses IP addresses and user agents to
            enable the
profiler
            tool
, which helps Firebase customers understand usage trends and platform
            breakdowns.
Retention:
Realtime Database keeps IP addresses and user agent
            information for a few days, unless a customer chooses to save it for longer.
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Remote Config
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to select configuration
            values to return to end-user devices.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs until the Firebase customer makes an API call to delete the
          ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup systems within 180 days.
Vertex AI in Firebase
Customer's inputs and outputs data sent and received from the AI model
How it helps:
Vertex AI in Firebase
uses Vertex AI's Generative AI
            API to predict content.
Retention:
During prediction, Google doesn't log Customer Data to
            generate a customer's output or train foundation models. By default, Google caches a
            customer's inputs and outputs for the Gemini models to accelerate responses to
            subsequent prompts from the customer.
See more details at
Generative
              AI and Data Governance | Generative AI on Vertex AI | Google Cloud
.
Examples of information collected by Crashlytics
An RFC-4122 UUID which permits us to deduplicate crashes
The Crashlytics Installation UUID
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
The timestamp of when the crash occurred
The app's bundle identifier and full version number
The device's operating system name and version number
A boolean indicating whether the device was jailbroken/rooted
The device's model name, CPU architecture, amount of RAM and disk
      space
The uint64 instruction pointer of every frame of every currently running
      thread
If available in the runtime, the plain-text method or function name
      containing each instruction pointer.
If an exception was thrown, the plain-text class name and message value
      of the exception
If a fatal signal was raised, its name and integer code
For each binary image loaded into the application, its name, UUID, byte
      size, and the uint64 base address at which it was loaded into RAM
A boolean indicating whether or not the app was in the background at the
      time it crashed
An integer value indicating the rotation of the screen at the time of
      crash
A boolean indicating whether the device's proximity sensor was
      triggered
The contents of
version-control-info.textproto
(only for Android apps
configured
        to use the version control system (VCS) integration
)
Examples of information collected by Performance Monitoring
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
General device information, such as model, OS, and orientation
RAM and disk size
CPU usage
Carrier (based on Mobile Country and Network Code)
Radio/Network information (for example, WiFi, LTE, 3G)
Country (based on IP address)
Locale/language
App version
App foreground or background state
App package name
Firebase
installation IDs
Duration times for automated traces
Network URLs (not including URL parameters or payload content)
      and the following corresponding information:
Response codes (for example, 403, 200)
Payload size in bytes
Response times
See a
full list
of the
    automatic traces collected by
Performance Monitoring
.
Note:
For more info on deleting data associated with installations, see
Delete a Firebase installation
.
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Services in the table above need some amount of end-user data to function. As a
result, it's not possible to entirely disable data collection while using those
services.
If you're a customer who would like to offer users a chance to opt-in to a
service, and the data collection that comes with it, in most cases that just
requires adding a dialog or settings toggle before using the service.
Some services, however, start up automatically when included in an app. To give
users a chance to opt-in before using those services, you can choose to disable
auto-initialization for each service, and manually initialize them at run time
instead. To find out how, read the guides below:
Cloud Messaging
:
Prevent Auto-initialization (Android)
or
Prevent Auto-initialization (iOS+)
Crashlytics
:
Enable Opt-in Reporting (iOS+)
or
Enable Opt-in Reporting (Android)
Performance Monitoring
:
Enable Opt-in Monitoring
If you integrate Firebase with Google Analytics, learn how to
configure Analytics data collection
.
Data storage and processing locations
Unless a service or feature offers data location selection, Firebase may process
and store your data anywhere Google or its agents maintain facilities. Potential
facility locations vary by service.
US-only services
The
Firebase Authentication
service is run only from US data centers. As a result,
Firebase Authentication
processes data exclusively in the United States.
Global services
The majority of Firebase services run on global Google infrastructure.
They could process data at any of the
Google Cloud Platform locations
or
Google data center locations
.
For some services, you can make a specific data location selection, which
restricts processing to that location (for more information, see the
service specific terms
of the Google Cloud Platform Terms of Service).
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase ML
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Dynamic Links
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Hosting
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Security information
Data encryption
Firebase services encrypt data in transit using HTTPS and logically isolate
customer data.
In addition, several Firebase services also encrypt their data at rest:
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Authentication
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Security practices
To keep personal data safe, Firebase employs extensive security measures to
minimize access:
Firebase restricts access to a select employees who have a business purpose to access personal data.
Firebase logs employee access to systems that contain personal data.
Firebase only permits access to personal data by employees who sign in with Google Sign-In and
2-factor authentication
.
Firebase Service Data
Firebase Service Data is personal information that Google collects and generates
during the provision and administration of the Firebase services
*
,
excluding Customer Data
**
as defined in our customer agreements
covering Firebase services and
Google Cloud Service Data
.
Examples of Firebase Service Data include information about service usage,
resource identifiers like application IDs and package name/bundle IDs, technical
and operational details of usage such as IP addresses, and direct communications
with developers from feedback and support related conversations.
*Services covered include Firebase A/B Testing, Firebase App Distribution,
  Firebase Cloud Messaging, Firebase Crashlytics, Firebase Dynamic Links,
  Firebase Hosting, Firebase In-App Messaging, Firebase ML,
  Firebase Performance Monitoring, Firebase Realtime Database,
  Firebase Remote Config, and Firebase User Segmentation Storage.
**For more information about how we process Customer Data, see our
Firebase Data Processing and Security
  Terms
.
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Google uses Firebase Service Data in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms.
Firebase Service Data is used, for example, to:
Provide Firebase services you request
Make recommendations to optimize use of Firebase services
Maintain and improve Firebase services
Provide and improve other services you request
Understand your use of Firebase and other Google services
Provide better support to and communicate with you
Protect you, our users, the public and Google
Comply with legal obligations
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
You can control whether your Firebase Service Data may be used by Google to
provide more in depth analysis, insights, and recommendations about
non-Firebase
Google services and improve
non-Firebase
Google services.
You can configure this in your Firebase data privacy settings page.
If this control is disabled, Firebase Service Data will continue to be used
for other purposes, such as those mentioned above, in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms, including
to make recommendations about and improve
Firebase
services, and to deliver
and improve other services you request, such as Google products you link to your
Firebase project.
Still have questions? Contact us
For any privacy-related questions you have that aren't covered here,
reach out to Firebase Support
. If you're a Firebase developer, include your Firebase App ID. Find your Firebase App ID in the
Your apps
card of your
settings
Project
settings
.
Send feedback
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2025-03-04 UTC.
Info
Chat
Sub-policy 3
https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/?_ga=2.87503192.1116616280.1609951268-2106221984.1609951268:
Skip to main content
Agreements and Terms
Policies and Guidelines
Trademarks and Intellectual Property
Procurement and Suppliers
Data Protection and Privacy
Customer Agreements and User Terms for Products and Services
Main Services Agreement
Region-Specific Terms
Professional Services Terms
How We Protect Your Service Data (Enterprise Services)
How We Protect Your Service Data (Innovation Services)
Innovation Services List
Application Developer and API License Agreement
Marketplace Terms of Use
Assignments and Transfers
Reseller Subscription Services Agreement
Data Protection and Privacy
Zendesk Trust Center
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Data Processing Agreement
CCPA Addendum PowerForm
LGPD Addendum Powerform
BAA Powerform
Government Data Request Policy
Policies
Data Deletion Policy
Promotional Credits Policy
Regional Data Hosting Policy
Sub-processor Policy
Zendesk User Content and Conduct Policy
Product Terms
Accessibility Policy
In-Product Cookies Policy
Service-Specific Terms
Free Trial and Beta Services Terms
Free Trials
Beta Services
Privacy Notice
Effective Date:
March 10, 2025
For the prior version of our Privacy Notice, click
here
.
For the prior version of our Zendesk Events Policy, click
here
.
Hello! Zendesk is a service-first CRM company that builds software designed to improve customer relationships. We’ve developed this Privacy Notice (“
Notice
”) to explain to you how we collect, use, disclose, and store personal data.
This Notice
only
applies when Zendesk is the Controller of personal data (example: Zendesk website visitors’ personal data and business-to-business contact data).
Zendesk is a
Processor
, not a Controller, of personal data that we process on behalf of our Subscribers when they use Zendesk products and Services. For clarity, this means that this Notice does
not
apply to where Zendesk processes personal data as a processor in its products and Services. If you have questions related to how a Zendesk Subscriber utilizes your personal data, please contact them directly. We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of our Subscribers. This Notice also does not apply to personal data about current and former Zendesk employees, job candidates, or contractors and agents acting in similar roles.
Table of Contents:
Introduction
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
How We Process Personal Data
Sources of Personal Data
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Security and Retention
Children’s Privacy
External Links
Contact Information
Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
Supplemental Information for Other Regions
English Version Controls
Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
1. Introduction
This Notice applies to Zendesk, Inc. and its relevant Affiliates listed in
Section 14
(“
Zendesk
,” “
us
,” “
we
,” or “
our”
). Capitalized terms that we use but are not defined in the Notice (such as Site, Services, Subscriber, Agent, Agent Contact Information, etc.) have the meaning provided in our
Main Services Agreement
. If you are located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (“
U.K.
”), please refer to
Section 11
of this Notice for more information about which specific entity or entities act as a controller of your personal data.
When Does This Notice Apply?
This Notice only applies to personal data that Zendesk handles as a Controller (meaning where Zendesk controls how and why your personal data is processed). This includes when you:
Visit or interact with the Zendesk.com Site, the Zendesk mobile applications, the Zendesk Marketplace, the Zendesk Developer Portal, our branded social media pages, and other Sites which we operate (collectively, our “
Digital Properties
”);
Register for or participate in our webinars, events, programs, marketing, and promotional activities;
Interact with us in person, such as when you visit our offices; and
Inquire about or engage in commercial transactions with us.
Changes
: We may update this Notice from time to time. Please check back periodically for updates. If you do not agree with any changes we make, you should stop interacting with us. When required under applicable law, we will notify you of any changes to this Notice by posting an update on our Site or in another appropriate manner.
2. Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
The below table describes what personal data we collect about you and to whom we disclose personal data. California individuals: This table includes the parties we disclose personal data to for a business or commercial purpose, as defined by California law.
Categories of Personal Data Collected
Disclosures of Personal Data
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners
With third parties at your direction, such as event sponsors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to react positively to.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
In addition to the above disclosures, we may share your personal data to respond to lawful requests by law enforcement or other government authorities, including to meet national security requirements, in accordance with our
Government Data Request Policy
. We may also de-identify, anonymize, or aggregate personal data to use or share with third parties for any purpose, where legally permitted.
3. How We Process Personal Data
We may process your personal data for the below purposes:
Purpose of Processing
Lawful Basis
To provide our products, Services, and Digital Properties to you
, including  processing and fulfilling transactions; enabling you to access the Digital Properties and our Services; operating, maintaining, and improving our Digital Properties and Services; communicating with you, such as by completing your support requests or providing security updates; and diagnosing, repairing, and tracking service and quality issues.
Legitimate interests; Contract; Legal obligations
For our own business purposes
, including maintaining internal business records and conducting internal reporting; collecting payments and performing accounting and similar business functions; auditing and managing projects related to our Services; performing IT security management and IT-related tasks, such as administration of our technologies and network; evaluating and improving our business, Services, and Digital Properties; and performing research and development of new products and services; and processing your survey and questionnaire responses.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
For legal, safety, or security reasons
, including to comply with legal requirements; establish, exercise, or defend against legal claims; protect the safety, security, and integrity of our property and the rights of those who interact with us or others; investigate any content or conduct policy violations; and detect, prevent, and respond to security incidents or other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.
These safety purposes may also involve collecting and processing special categories of personal data (i.e., health data), for office visits and events where necessary for public health or as required by applicable law.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations; Public interest
For marketing our products and Services or those of third parties, such as our business partners
, including to solicit or publish testimonials or feedback about our products and Services; send you marketing and promotional communications or product recommendations (via email, phone, or other online and offline channels) about our Services or those of third parties; facilitate your participation in a contest or event; assess ad impressions or engage in contextual ad customization.
You may opt out of marketing communications
here
or by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our marketing communications. You may also manage your email preferences
here
. Note that some of our marketing materials and information may use tracking technologies and analytics tools to help us understand your preferences. For further information, please see
Section 5
below and our
Cookie Notice
.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
To fulfill a referral request when you use our referral service to tell a friend about our Services
, including by using the name, email address, title, and company name that you provide us to contact the person you are referring.
You must only provide others’ personal data if you have their consent to do so.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Diversity, equity, and inclusion
, such as promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives and representation within our business (where authorized by applicable law).
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Corporate transactions
, such as sales, mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, bankruptcy, and other corporate events.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
When you have voluntarily agreed
to have your personal data processed.
Consent
Zendesk will honor data subject rights to the extent required by law. You may have the right to access, correct, update, and, in some cases, request deletion of your personal data (subject to exceptions). You may submit a request
here
.
Zendesk uses a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in processing data for certain purposes. These third-party providers help support certain site features, perform database monitoring and other technical operations, assist with the transmission of data, and provide data storage services. These third parties may process or store personal data while providing their services. Zendesk maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our obligations under applicable laws and privacy certifications described more fully below.
4. Sources of Personal Data
Information you provide to us directly
, including when you register and communicate with us directly through our Digital Properties, visit our offices, or participate in our events, marketing, and outreach activities.
Information collected from your employer
, coworkers, or friends, including information about representatives or other employees of our current, past, and prospective customers, suppliers, investors, and business partners. We may also receive your information from a friend as part of a referral for our Services.
Information automatically collected
, including technical information about your interactions with our Digital Properties (such as IP address, browsing preferences, and purchase history). More information is available in
Section 5
below and in our
Cookie Notice
.
Information from public sources
, including information from public records and information you share in public forums, such as social media.
Information from other third parties
, including information from third-party service and content providers, entities with whom we partner to sell or promote products and services, and social media networks (including widgets related to such networks, such as the “Facebook Like” button).
We may combine information that we receive from the various sources described in this Notice, including third-party sources and public sources, and use or disclose it for the purposes identified above.
5. Cookies and Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and other tracking technologies and offer you the option to manage these settings as described in our
Cookie Notice
. Some tracking technologies enable us to track your device activity over time and across devices and websites. While some browsers have incorporated Do Not Track or DNT preferences, we do not honor such signals from web browsers at this time.
6. Security and Retention
We maintain appropriate security procedures and technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, disclosure, alteration, or use.
Your personal data will be generally retained as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected the personal data. Once you and/or your company have terminated the contractual relationship with us or otherwise ended your relationship with us, we may retain your personal data in our systems and records to ensure adequate fulfillment of surviving provisions in terminated contracts or for other legitimate business purposes, such as to evidence our business practices and contractual obligations, to provide you with information about our products and services, or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need nor lawful legal ground to process your personal data, we will delete, anonymize, or aggregate it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. If you want to know more about retention periods applicable to your particular circumstance, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
7. Children’s Privacy
Our Sites and Services are not directed to children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect online personal data directly from children. If you are a parent or guardian of a minor child and believe that the child has disclosed online personal data to us, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
8. External Links
When interacting with us, you may encounter links to external sites or other online services, including those embedded in third-party advertisements. We do not control and are not responsible for privacy and data collection policies for such third-party sites and services. You should consult such third parties and their respective privacy notices for more information or if you have any questions about their practices.
9. Contact Information
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Notice or about the Zendesk Group’s privacy practices, please contact us by email at
euprivacy@zendesk.com
or
privacy@zendesk.com
, or at:
Zendesk, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Team
181 Fremont Stree
San Francisco, CA 94105, United States
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF,  we commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
here
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of TRUSTe are provided at no cost to you.
10. Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”), this Section 10 applies to certain personal data collected about California individuals where Zendesk controls how and why the personal data is processed (which the CCPA calls a “business”) and supplements the rest of our Notice above. This Section 10 does not apply to current or former employees, applicants, contractors, or agents.
a. Additional Data Processing Disclosures:
The below table provides the categories of personal data we have sold, shared, or disclosed to third parties, as defined by the California Privacy Rights Act. For reference, the table in
Section 2
provides the categories of personal data collected and our disclosures of personal data.
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
California Privacy Rights Act Details: Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Data is “Sold or Shared”
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address).
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners.
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Not applicable
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Not applicable
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to positively react to.
Not applicable
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Not applicable
Although we have not “sold” or “shared” personal data for money in the past 12 months, we engage in routine practices with our Digital Properties involving third parties that could be considered a “sale” or “sharing” as defined under California law. We do not knowingly sell or share any personal data of minors under the age of 16. We do not collect or process “sensitive personal information,” as defined by California law, to infer characteristics about you. Zendesk only uses sensitive personal information consistent with the exceptions to the right to limit sensitive personal information.
Financial Incentives
: We may offer a benefit or offering in exchange for you providing personal data, such as a discount or coupon to individuals who respond to a survey. As part of these surveys we may collect personal data, such as your name, contact information, preferences, experiences, beliefs, opinions, and other responses to the survey questions. Participation in surveys is governed by the applicable terms and conditions for the survey, which will describe any financial incentives associated with that survey and how to participate. The value of your data is the value of the offer presented to you. We have calculated such value by using the expense related to the benefit. You may withdraw from any financial incentive at any time by emailing us at
privacy@zendesk.com
. If we offer another type of financial incentive, we will share with you the material terms of each offer when we ask you to participate.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Subject to legal limitations, certain California residents may have the below rights.
Right to Know.
You have the right to request information about the categories of personal data we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected the personal data, the purposes for collecting the personal data, the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal data, and the purpose for which we disclosed your personal data (“
Categories Report
”). You may also request information about the specific pieces of personal data we have collected about you (“
Specific Pieces Report
”).
Right to Delete.
You have the right to request that we delete personal data that we have collected from you.
Right to Correct.
You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal data that we maintain about you.
Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing.
We do not sell personal data to third parties in exchange for money. However, as we explain in
Section 5
, we share information with advertising partners and allow advertising partners to collect information from our Digital Properties. This exchange may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under California law, and you have the right to opt out of this “sale” or “sharing” of personal data.
California residents may request to exercise the Right to Know, the Right to Delete, and the Right to Correct by using our
webform
. We will not discriminate against you, in any manner prohibited by applicable law, for exercising these rights.
How to Fully Exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing:
In order to fully exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing with respect to any “sale” or “sharing” of information, you must undertake both of the following steps:
Submit a Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request using our
webform
; and
Disable the use of advertising cookies and other tracking technologies by clicking the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in our website footer. You must complete this step on each of our Sites from each browser and on each device that you use. These steps are necessary so that we can place a first-party cookie signaling that you have opted out on each browser and each device you use.
If you block cookies, we will be unable to comply with your Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request for device data that we automatically collect and disclose to third parties online using cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies. If you clear the cookies in your browser, you will need to follow Step 2 above again. To the extent required by California law, we will honor “Do Not Sell or Share” opt-out preference signals sent in a format commonly-used and recognized by businesses at the browser level, such as an HTTP header field or JavaScript object.
Verification:
To process California data protection requests, we will need to obtain information to locate you in our records or verify your identity, depending on the nature of the request. In most cases, we will request information about you, which may include your name, email address, or other information. If you submit a Right to Know “Specific Pieces Report,” we may also request a signed declaration, under penalty of perjury, that you are who you say you are. We may request alternative information under certain circumstances and/or use third parties to help verify your identity.
Authorized Agents:
Authorized agents may exercise California data protection rights on behalf of California individuals, but we reserve the right to verify the individual’s identity directly as described above. Authorized agents must contact us by submitting a request through our
webform
and indicate that they are submitting the request as an agent. We may require the agent to demonstrate authority to act on your behalf by providing signed permission from you. We may also require you to verify your own identity directly with us or to directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Timing:
We will process Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing requests within fifteen business days from the date we received the request. We will respond to Requests to Delete and Requests to Know within forty-five days unless we need more time, in which case we will notify you, and it may take up to ninety days to respond to your request.
11. Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
The following terms supplement the Notice with respect to our processing of EEA (i.e., European Union Member States, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway), Swiss, and U.K. personal data. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the other parts of the Notice and the terms of this Section 11, Section 11 shall govern and prevail with regard to the processing of EEA, Swiss, and U.K. Personal Data, to the extent applicable.
Data Controller:
The Zendesk entity with which you have a primary relationship (such as the entity that concluded the Services contract with you; the entity that has provided you with marketing materials and promotional communications; or the primary entity in the region where you access our Site) is the controller within the scope of this Notice. In the majority of cases, this will be Zendesk, Inc., unless we specifically inform you otherwise.
a. Legal Basis for Processing:
Please see
Section 3
for the legal basis on which we rely for the collection, processing, and use of personal data.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Under applicable data protection laws, you may exercise certain rights regarding your personal data:
Right to Access.
You have the right to obtain confirmation from us whether we are processing your personal data and related information, as well as the right to obtain a copy of your personal data undergoing processing.
Right to Data Portability.
You may receive your personal data, that you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format, and you may have the right to transmit it to other data controllers without hindrance. This right only exists if the processing is based on your consent or a contract, and the processing is carried out by automated means.
Right to Rectification.
You have the right to request the rectification of inaccurate personal data and to have incomplete data completed.
Right to Objection.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Restrict Processing.
You may request that we restrict the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Erasure.
You may request that we erase your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Lodge a Complaint.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of  the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Right to Refuse or Withdraw Consent.
In case we ask for your consent to process your personal data, you are free to refuse to give it. If you have given your consent, you may withdraw it at any time without any adverse consequences. The lawfulness of any processing of your personal data that occurred prior to the withdrawal of your consent will not be affected.
Right to Not Be Subject to Automated Decision-making.
The types of automated decision-making referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) EU/UK General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”) do not take place in connection with your personal data. Should this change, we will inform you about why and how any such decision was made, the significance of it, and the possible consequences of it. You will also have the right to human intervention, to express your point of view, and to contest the decision.
You may exercise these rights by contacting us using the details provided in
Section 9
above. Please note that we may refuse to act on requests to exercise data protection rights in certain cases, such as where providing access might infringe someone else’s privacy rights or impact our legal obligations.
c. International Transfers of Personal Data:
Due to the global nature of our operations, some of the recipients mentioned in
Section 2
of the Notice may be located in countries outside the EEA, Switzerland, or the U.K., which do not provide an adequate level of data protection as defined by data protection laws in the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K. Transfers within the Zendesk Group or to third parties located in such third countries take place using a valid data transfer mechanism, such as the EU Standard Contractual Clauses and/or the U.K. Addendum to such clauses, approved Binding Corporate Rules, approved codes of conduct and certifications mechanisms, on the basis of permissible statutory derogations, or any other valid data transfer mechanism issued or approved by the EEA, Swiss, or U.K. authorities. More information on (including a copy of) our Binding Corporate Rules is available
here
, and evidence of our Binding Corporate Rules approval is available on the European Data Protection Board’s website
here
. Certain third countries have been officially recognized by the EEA, Swiss, and U.K. authorities as providing an adequate level of protection and no further safeguards are necessary. Please reach out to us using the contact information in
Section 9
above, if you wish to receive further information about how we transfer personal data or, where available, a copy of the relevant data transfer mechanism.
Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the “Principles”).  Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc.  have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  For complaints regarding EU-U.S. DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf
. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In the context of onward transfers, Zendesk is accountable for the processing of personal data it receives under the Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Zendesk remains liable under the Principles if Zendesk’s agent processes personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Zendesk proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to damage.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
Data Protection Officer:
The contact details for our data protection officer are as follows: Zendesk, Inc., Attn: Privacy Team and DPO, 181 Fremont Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States,
euprivacy@zendesk.com
or
privacy@zendesk.com
.
12. Supplemental Information for Other Regions
Australia:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth) and the Australia Privacy Principles. If you are dissatisfied with our handling of a complaint or do not agree with the resolution proposed by us, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“
OAIC
”) by contacting the OAIC using the methods listed on
their website
. Alternatively, you may request that we pass on the details of your complaint to the OAIC directly.
Brazil:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“
LGPD
”). Those individuals who use or access our Sites or Services expressly consent to the collection, use, storage, and processing of their personal data by us for the purposes described in this Notice.
Canada:
Personal data, as defined in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“
PIPEDA
”) will be collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under PIPEDA.
Japan:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“
APPI
”).
Nevada:
We do not presently sell personal data as defined under Nevada law. If you are a Nevada resident, you may nevertheless email us using the information above to exercise your right to opt-out of sale under Nevada Revised Statutes §603A et seq.
New Zealand:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with New Zealand’s Privacy Act 2020 and its 13 Information Privacy Principles (“
NZ IPPs
”).
Singapore:
Personal data collected, stored, used and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“
PDPA
”).
United Kingdom:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Privacy Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the UK Data Protection Act 2018, as amended by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, as amended, superseded or replaced (“
U.K. GDPR
”).
13. English Version Controls
Non-English translations of this notice are provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.
14. Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
Zendesk, Inc.; Zendesk Brasil Software Corporativo Ltda; Zendesk UK Limited; Zendesk International Limited; Zendesk APS; Zendesk Pty., Ltd; Kabushiki Kaisha Zendesk; Zendesk Incorporated; Zendesk GmbH; Zendesk Singapore Pte. Ltd.; Zendesk France SAS; Base sp. z o. o. (Base spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością); Zendesk Technologies Private Limited; FutureSimple Inc.; Zendesk Korea LLC; Smooch Technologies ULC; Cleverly, Unipessoal, LDA.; ZD Sub Holdings (U.S.); Zendesk Sweden AB.; Smooch Technologies US Inc. (U.S.); Zendesk S. de R.L. de C.V. (Mexico); Zendesk Technologies Spain S.L. (Spain); Zoro TopCo, LP; Zendesk Netherlands B.V.; Zendesk Italy S.r.l.; Tymeshift Inc; Tymeshift doo Novi Sad; Tymeshift Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.
Sub-policy 4
https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360022366953-Complying-with-Privacy-and-Data-Protection-Law-in-Zendesk-products:
Home
Product guides
Managing people
Complying with privacy and data protection law
Complying with Privacy and Data Protection Law in Zendesk products
Follow
Follow
Charles Nadeau
Zendesk Documentation Team
Edited Feb 26, 2025
This guide describes how certain features and functionality in Zendesk
                        products can assist with your obligations under privacy law, for example, as
                        a
data controller
under the General Data Protection Regulation
                        (GDPR), or as a
business
under the California Consumer Privacy Act
                        (CCPA). Zendesk is considered a third-party
data processor
under the
                        GDPR, and a
service provider
under the CCPA, because it handles the
                        personal data or personal information of its customers' end users on behalf
                        of its customers (or subscribers).
Data controllers and businesses bear the primary responsibility for ensuring that
                        their processing of personal data is compliant with relevant data protection
                        law.
See the following articles in this guide:
Complying with Privacy and
                                        Data Protection Law in Zendesk Support
Complying with Privacy and
                                        Data Protection Law  in Zendesk Insights
Complying with Privacy and
                                        Data Protection Law  in Zendesk Guide
Complying with Privacy and
                                        Data Protection Law  in Zendesk Chat
Complying with Privacy and
                                        Data Protection Law  in standalone Chat accounts
Complying with Privacy and
                                        Data Protection Law  in Zendesk Talk
Complying with Privacy and
                                        Data Protection Law  in Zendesk Explore
Complying with Privacy and
                                        Data Protection Law in Zendesk Bime
Complying with Privacy and
                                        Data Protection Law in Zendesk Sell
Complying with Privacy and
                                        Data Protection Law in Zendesk Sunshine
Complying with Privacy and
                                        Data Protection Law in Zendesk Sunshine
                                Conversations
Complying with Privacy and
                                        Data Protection Law in Zendesk WFM (Tymeshift)
Complying with Privacy and
                                        Data Protection Law in Zendesk QA (Klaus)
Complying with Privacy and
                                        Data Protection Law in AI agents - Advanced
                                        (Ultimate)
For instructions on deleting a user's personal data in Zendesk products, see
Forgetting a user in
                        Zendesk
.
For more information on privacy law and Zendesk, see our
Privacy and Data Protection
website.
What is personal data
Personal data, or personal information, is any data that can be used to identify an individual.
                Examples include an email address, a phone number, or a social security number.
                Personal data may also include any data that could be used indirectly to identify an
                individual. For example, a person's nickname such as "Gerry" may not be personal
                data because many people may have the same nickname. However, if the nickname can be
                combined with other data such as a work address, the nickname could be considered
                personal data because it helps identify the individual.
Your organization needs to decide what personal data is. Is it simply an email address or phone
                number, or do you further disambiguate using a combination of identities or
                attributes? This decision is up to you.
If you’re unsure whether or not a piece of information is personal data, it’s best to err on the
                side of caution. Another option is to seek legal advice.
Common terms
The following terms are sometimes used in this document.
Soft delete
Soft deleting
an item deletes the item such that it is not visible
                                to any users, including admins using either the product interface or
                                the API. The item is still in the Zendesk database and accessible by
                                Zendesk on a limited basis only to its employees with certain
                                database privileges. Soft deleted tickets are automatically
                                permanently deleted after 30 days.
Hard delete, permanently delete, scrub
Hard deleting
or
scrubbing
an item permanently deletes the
                                item. The item is completely removed from the Zendesk database. No
                                one, including Zendesk employees with database privileges, can
                                access the item any longer.
4
0
0 comments
Date
Article is closed for comments.
ADDITIONAL CONTENT
Related articles
Complying with Privacy and Data Protection Law in Zendesk Support
Complying with Privacy and Data Protection Law in Zendesk Chat
Zendesk AI Data Use Information
Complying with Privacy and Data Protection Law in AI agents - Advanced (Ultimate)
Complying with Privacy and Data Protection Law in Zendesk QA (Klaus)
We use cookies to provide visitors with the best possible experience on our website. These include analytics, functionality, and targeting cookies, which may also be used in our marketing efforts. Click the 'Accept All' button to agree to the use of cookies or click 'Cookie Settings' to manage your preferences. To opt out of non-essential cookies, click 'Reject All'.
Cookie Notice
Cookie settings
Reject all
Accept all
Privacy Preference Center
Zendesk uses web cookies to collect information about you when you visit our Site. This information might be about you, your preferences, or your device. At Zendesk, we may use this information for purposes that include ensuring basic functionality of our Sites; remembering user preferences, including your cookie preferences; measuring the effectiveness of our Sites, marketing campaigns, and email communications; and personalizing online content.
Please review the different category headings below to learn more and adjust the cookie settings on your current device. Please note that you will need to ensure that each web browser is adjusted to reflect your preferences if you use different computers or mobile devices.
For more information about how Zendesk uses web cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
Essential cookies enable core site functionality. These cookies are necessary for the Site to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. You may set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but parts of the website may not function properly.
View Vendor Details‎
Functional Cookies
Functional cookies enable the Site to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. These cookies may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our Site.
View Vendor Details‎
Analytics Cookies
Analytics cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Site. These cookies help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the Site.
View Vendor Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Targeting cookies, such as social media cookies, may be set through our Site by our advertising service providers, third-party advertisers, ad networks, or data exchange partners. These cookies may be used to show you relevant advertising on other third-party sites.
View Vendor Details‎
Back Button
Vendors List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label