This page discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for iOS and Android Apps from www.timeanddate.com. It also includes information regarding the processing of privacy information as stated in the new EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of May 25, 2018.
IP Address
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our apps and to gather broad demographic information.
Email and Support
Your email address will not be sold nor distributed to any third party. We will only send you emails to answer your support questions. If you send a support request from within the app, we gather debug information to help us fix the problem. If you have sent us emails, and you want to delete them, please send an email to
support@timeanddate.com
.
Sensitive Information
We have security measures in place. We will never ask for sensitive information. In the GDPR, “sensitive information” is defined as: “personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation.” We recommend you do not add such information to our services, such as calendars, countdowns, or any other timeanddate.com application.
Third Party Ad Companies
We use Google Admob to serve ads when you use our apps. Admob may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address, or phone number) about your browsing data in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
For more information about this practice
click here
.
Third-party Privacy Policies
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads to our products.
How Google uses data when you use our apps
Contacting timeanddate.com
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of the company, please contact:
support@timeanddate.com
Time and Date AS
PO Box 27 Forus
NO-4064 Stavanger
Norway