SketchClub respects your privacy and this notice is provided to explain our online information practices for the community.
Information collected
When you edit your profile you have the option to enter information like what country you live in, your gender, birth day, email address, and other information. This information is all optional. Please do not share private information like real names, phone numbers or addresses as outlined in our
Community Guidelines
. Your email address if entered is used only for account recovery.
Any sketches, sketch descriptions, and comments you post are viewable to the public so be sure to exercise judgment and consider what information you wish to share.
SketchClub collects anonymous information about how users collectively interact with the site, such as commenting, posting, rating and viewing sketches. In addition, we collect basic information about how you connect to our site, such as your IP address so that accounts which abuse the service can be blocked.
Information use
We use the information we collect from our services to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, and to protect SketchClub and our users. We use cookies to remember local preferences like gallery view modes and theme color. We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.
Security
We work hard to protect SketchClub and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. In particular:
We encrypt many of our services using SSL.
We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems.
We restrict access to non-public information to SketchClub employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Updates
We may periodically update our Privacy Policy, so please check back here for the latest version. If we make major fundamental changes to our policy, we'll put a notice on our home page.
Deleting your account
To delete your account, view your profile page and on the About tab there will be a link to delete your account if it has not been linked to other accounts. Otherwise email support@sketchclub.com with the link to your profile and request it be removed.
Questions
If you have any questions you can contact us at: support@sketchclub.com
App
Introduction
User interface
Layers panel
Tools panel
Tool settings panel
Stroke panel
Colors panel
Community panel
Actions panel
Settings
Community
Challenges
Compos
Classes
Copyrights
Emoticons
FAQ
Guidelines
Patrons
Tutorials
Privacy Policy
loading