SkyView Privacy Policy
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on Terminal Eleven LLC’s (“us”, “we”, “our”) website and our mobile apps: “SkyView® Explore the Universe”, “SkyView® Satellite Guide”, and “SkyView® Satellite Guide Free” (“apps”). By using our website or apps, you consent to our privacy policy.  We take personal privacy very seriously and therefore comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), and the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), and we will strive to comply with future privacy laws as they pertain to our website and apps.
Information we Collect
We take personal privacy seriously and do not collect or store any of your personal data.
Retention and deletion of information
Since we do not collect personal data, we do not provide a means to delete it because it does not exist.
Location Data
When our apps are in use (or running in the background) we use your location data to calculate the positions of various celestial objects near you. These calculations occur on your device and we do not transmit your location data anywhere.
Analytics
We use
App Store Connect
,
Google Play
, and
Google Firebase
to help us improve the app. Each service provides us with anonymized usage data that we use to inform development decisions and understand how people are using our apps.
Information we disclose to third parties
We do not disclose your information to third parties.
GDPR
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), we do not collect, process, or retain any personal data.
Children
We do not collect or store personal data from anyone including children.
Links to Other Sites
Our services may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.  We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We may use cookies or similar tracking technologies to track activity on our website. Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device.
		You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
Changes to our privacy policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
contact@terminaleleven.com
This policy was last modified on August 23, 2022.
Contact Us
© Terminal Eleven 2022. All rights reserved.