Aware of the importance of protecting privacy and individual freedoms, ARTE GEIE (hereafter
“ARTE”
or
“We”
) undertakes to secure their protection in accordance with the applicable law, in particular Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 and French Law No 78-17 of 6 January 1978, as amended (hereafter together referred to as the
“Regulations”
).
This privacy policy aims to inform you about the principles which govern how we process your personal data for our website at
www.arte.tv
(hereafter the
“Website”
) and the rights you have over your personal data.
Contents
Who is the controller responsible for processing my personal data?
What personal data are collected and processed by ARTE?
What are the purposes and legal reasons for processing?
Who receives my personal data?
Can my personal data be transferred to third countries outside the European Union?
For how long can my personal data be stored?
Are my personal data safely stored?
What rights do I have over my personal data?
1. Who is the controller responsible for processing my personal data?
The controller of processing is ARTE GEIE, a European Economic Interest Grouping listed in the Strasbourg Trade and Companies Register under number C 382 865 624, having its registered office at 4, Quai du Chanoine Winterer, 67000 Strasbourg.
ARTE has appointed a Data Protection Officer. To answer question you may have about the processing of your personal data, please contact the Data Protection Officer:
by post, at the following address: ARTE GEIE –DPO Service / Legal Department, 4, Quai du Chanoine Winterer, 67000 Strasbourg;
by email, at the following address:
dpo-arte@arte.tv
2. What personal data are collected and processed by ARTE?
In accordance with the principle of “data minimisation,” we endeavour only to collect and use data which is relevant and strictly necessary for our processing purposes.
ARTE may need to process the following categories of data for your use of the Website:
identity data: title (optional), first name (optional), surname (optional), date of birth (optional), data confirming that you have the required age to view restricted content (optional – only if you use our age checker), geolocation;
contact details: email address, postal address (mandatory if you take part in competitions);
connection data: IP address, internet connection, type of browser;
data contained in any comments or feedback you post on the Website and/or in any requests you send us via the Website;
data relating to your use of the Website: preferences you specify in order to receive personalised content recommendations (optional – only if you use the “For me” functionality), the content you view and how you interact with that content (bookmarks, ‘watch later’,  etc.);
data contained in the requests you send to our content selection assistant (chatbot) (only if you can access the chatbot and you actually use it).
Please be aware that ARTE may use cookies and other trackers, some of which require your consent. For further information about our cookies and other trackers, please visit the “ARTE and cookies” page.
Comment about our age checking system:
ARTE, like many of its counterparts, has opted to employ an age checking system in line with regulations to strengthen gatekeeping procedures preventing minors and certain age categories from accessing prohibited websites and digital content.
A trusted third party has been mandated to operate the system chosen by ARTE. We certify that ARTE only receives confirmation that you are over or under the required age to avoid you having to undergo subsequent age verifications.
All other data (such as a copy of your ID document or the information it contains) are immediately erased (in just a few seconds) by the age verification system’s editor, without ARTE ever receiving them.
3. What are the purposes and the legal reasons for processing?
When you use the Website, ARTE may need to process your personal data for the following purposes and legal reasons:
Purposes
Legal reasons
Identifying you and allowing you to benefit from the functionalities offered in the MyARTE space
Honouring a contract or precontractual measure taken at your request
Managing your participation in our one-off activities (e.g. competitions)
Your consent
Sending you our newsletters and improving their content
Your consent
Allowing you to access content restricted under our child protection policies
Your consent
Allowing you to benefit from personalised recommendations according to your areas of interest
Your consent
Sending personalised recommendations to users with an MyARTE Account via the “For me” space
Honouring a contract (our
General Conditions of Use
)
Allowing you to use the content selection assistant (chatbot) offering you personalised recommendations
Your consent
Note: if you want recommendations to take account of the content you view on the Website, we will ask for your express consent beforehand
Sending you welcome messages and messages to get you started on how to use the Website and view content
ARTE’s legitimate interest in getting you started and enjoying optimal use of its services
Answering your enquiries and/or requests for contact
ARTE’s legitimate interest in providing a personalised answer to the feedback and/or questions of its users
Managing your ratings and/or feedback about our services
ARTE’s legitimate interest in processing feedback from its users to improve its digital offering
Preventing and fighting computer fraud
ARTE’s legitimate interest in fighting computer fraud and safeguarding the cybersecurity of the Website
Managing requests to exercise rights under the GDPR
Legal obligation
4. Who receives my personal data?
Inside ARTE, only authorised personnel, based on their position and the work they do, can access processed personal data
but strictly limited to what they need for their respective roles and to complete their assignments.
Your personal data may be disclosed to our subcontractors, but strictly for specified purposes and only where necessary to perform their allotted tasks.
ARTE engages the services of subcontractors, i.e. third party service providers acting on its behalf in specific areas that include measuring audiences, communication or marketing purposes (statistical measurements, delivery / opening rates, etc.).
These third party companies are neither authorised to share the data they receive nor to use them for other purposes. ARTE has also made sure that its relationships with third party companies are sufficiently regulated under contract to provide adequate security for your data.
Your personal data may also be shared with other
ARTE group companies
, particularly ARTE France.
Finally, in exceptional cases, your personal data may also be passed on to legally-authorised administrative authorities or the courts, in strict compliance with the applicable regulations.
5. Can my personal data be transferred to third countries outside the European Union?
Your personal data may be transferred to countries located outside the European Union. In this case, we will systemically take appropriate measure to verify and, if necessary guarantee, that the recipients of your data provide adequate protection equivalent to that required under French and European regulations, by signing standard form contractual provisions adopted by the European Commission.
6. For how long can my personal data be kept?
Your personal data will be stored in a form that allows you to be identified for a period not exceeding the time necessary to achieve the purposes of the processing.
Subject to existing legal or regulatory obligations imposing a longer storage period, your personal data will be kept for the periods stipulated below:
in principle, your personal data will be kept until you close your “My ARTE” account or otherwise, for a period of eighteen (18) months after the last time you use your “My ARTE” account, if you fail to close it but it has remained inactive throughout this period;
as an exception to the above:
any ID document supplied to us for you to exercise your rights will be erased immediately once your identity has been verified;
data collected when you use our content selection assistant (chatbot) are in principle kept for six (6) months from the date they are collected. You will nevertheless be able to delete these data at any time in the chatbot settings;
the email address you use to receive one or more of our newsletters will be kept until you cancel your subscription to this/these newsletter(s), which you may do at any time via the unsubscribe link incorporated into our newsletters or otherwise, for a period of eighteen (18) months after the last time you read emails attaching the newsletter in question.
To find out more about the lifespan of the cookies we may place on your computer terminal, please refer to the
ARTE and cookies
page.
7. Are my personal data safely stored?
We are committed to protecting the privacy, integrity, availability and security of your personal data.
According to the Regulations, we endeavour to implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to guarantee the level of security best suited to the risks to which your personal data may be exposed. We will also employ means to protect your personal data, as well as possible, from loss, accidental destruction, tampering and unauthorised access.
8. What rights do I have over my personal data?
In accordance with the Regulations, you have:
a right of access to and a right to rectify your personal data;
a right to object, on legitimate grounds, to the processing of your personal data;
in the circumstances provided for in Regulations, the right to request restricted processing of your personal data and/or the erasure of your personal data;
a right to the portability of your personal data, for your personal use or transfer them to the third party of your choice;
a right to withdraw consent, at any time, where your consent is the foundation for processing your personal data.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint to a regulatory authority such as the CNIL – French Data Protection Commission.
To find out more about your rights, please visit the
CNIL website
.
You may exercise these rights by contracting our Data Protection Officer:
by post, at the following address: ARTE GEIE –DPO Service / Legal Department, 4, Quai du Chanoine Winterer, 67000 Strasbourg;
by email, at the following address: dpo-arte@arte.tv.
To protect your privacy, we may take reasonable measures to verify your identity before we grant your request.
***
Version updated on 1 February 2025
Note: this policy may change according to the legal or regulatory context and the positions adopted by the data protection regulators (in particular the CNIL – French Data Protection Commission.