Asia Miles Privacy Notice
For the Cathay Membership Programme (“CMP”), Cathay Pacific Airways Limited (“CPA”) and Asia Miles Limited (entity wholly owned by CPA) (“AML”) will continue to process the Ppersonal Pdata provided through the Asia Miles membership programme in alignment to the CPA Customer Privacy Notice.
AML is operating travel and lifestyle rewards services that enables CMP members to earn and redeem miles with travel and lifestyle awards. This Asia Miles Privacy Notice (Privacy Notice) sets out what information AML collect, and how we use it.
This Privacy Notice also applies when you redeem travel and lifestyle awards from Asia Miles Travel Service Limited (or its subsidiaries).
1. Our Commitment to Protect Your Privacy
2. The Personal Data We Collect
3. How we collect Personal Data
4. Why we collect and use your Personal Data
5. Who we share your Personal Data with
6. Marketing
7. Transmission, storage and security of your Personal Data
8. Your rights and contacting us
9. Use of Cookies on Asia Miles Sites
10. Links to Other Sites
11. European Appendix
12. Non-European Appendix
1.
Our Commitment to Protect Your Privacy
At Asia Miles, we are committed to protecting your Personal Data and your privacy. To ensure that you can make informed decisions and feel confident about sharing certain personal information with us, please read this Privacy Notice to understand who we share your Personal Data with and for what purposes, and the choices you have concerning how your Personal Data is collected and used by us. We may also provide further privacy collection notices highlighting certain uses of your Personal Data, together with the ability to opt in or out of certain uses, when we collect Personal Data from you. The laws of certain countries require us to provide you with additional information about our processing activities and we have included separate appendices to deal with these. As well as this document, please refer to the appendices which apply to you. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Notice, including by posting the revised notice on www.asiamiles.com. The changes will be effective from the date of posting.
2.
The Personal Data We Process
2.1
We will process  the following Personal Data about you
:
(a) Information about you and your membership ►
Your personal information such as your name, gender, date of birth, nationality, contact details, travel document, CMP  number, and status
when you are redeeming rewards with AML;
(b)
Your payment details
►
Payment details used to redeem our travel and lifestyle awards such as card holder name, credit or debit card number and expiry date, account information relating to other payment services (such as online or mobile payment services or virtual currency) and billing and refund information;
(c) Information in relation to your redemption of travel and lifestyle awards►
Information about your redemption of awards, including your travel itinerary, hotel selection, car rental and other travel-related services, including services provided by CPA and AML, details of your travel companions or persons assisting you, and your choice of other lifestyle and experience awards e.g. events or concerts;
(d) Your interests, preferences, habits and opinions►
Information that we collect about your interests, preferences, habits and opinions, such as your hobbies, destinations and awards including products, services and events you are interested in, your opinion on our offers, your feedback and satisfaction scores regarding your redemption experiences;
(e) Our interactions with you►
A record of any interactions and correspondence between us such as calls made through the CPA and AML call centres, any interactions you have with our staff or representatives for research (e.g. conversations with research interviewer), and non-research (e.g. AML events) purposes and any interactions with us or posts that refer to us on social media;
(f) Survey information►
Your responses to surveys, research and contests (for examples stories, photos, ideas, etc.) conducted by us or on our behalf or in regards to the partner services you use to earn and redeem mile; and
(g) Your use of our websites, mobile applications and social media platforms►
Details of your visits to
CPA and
AML websites, your use of social media platforms and our mobile applications and other information collected through cookies and other tracking technology including information that you look at. We may also collect information about you that is publicly available online, including your social media profiles.
2.2
AML follows a strict “data minimisation” principle. Therefore, the Personal Data listed above is requested only when it is strictly required. For example: Payment details will be requested only if you want to pay for a service or product through an AML channel.
3.
How we collect Personal Data
3.1    We will collect Personal Data directly from you, or through third parties, including:
(a) CPA,
(b) Customer service providers;
(c) AML business partners, including airlines, hotel operators, providers of other travel-related services, finance and insurance partners, restaurants and retailers; either directly, or through their websites, apps and/or social media platforms;
(d) Marketing and research partners;
(e)  Credit and fraud checks services providers; and
3.2    If you provide us with information about other individuals such as details of your redemption group nominees, you must let them know where they can find this Privacy Notice.
4.
Why we collect and use your Personal Data
4.1    When you share your Personal Data with us, you help us make our services to you better. Here are the ways we use your Personal Data.
(a)
To provide you with travel and lifestyle awards and to administer your earning and redemption  arrangements
► To provide travel and lifestyle awards to you such as processing and administering your earning and redemption arrangements including flight and other travel reservation, hotel and event booking and product delivery services, to send you service-related communications, to identify and verify your identity in connection with the services we provide and to provide or facilitate any special assistance you may have asked for
;
(b) To tailor and personalise travel and lifestyle awards and offers we provide to you►
To tailor and personalise the travel and lifestyle awards and offers that we provide to you. We may also tailor our communications to you and tailor what we present to you to better match your preferences and interests;
(c) To provide support►
For
support purposes including responding to your enquiries, facilitating special meal and seat requests with airline partners, providing flight re-booking services where flights are delayed or cancelled, and providing general assistance and relaying your feedback and comments to our partners;
(d) For marketing purposes►
For providing you with marketing communications, as explained in more detail in section [6] below;
(e) For social interactions►
To administer campaigns,
contests and sweepstakes conducted by us when you choose to participate in them, including disclosing the winners of any such contests;
(f) To improve AML services►
For the purposes of improving our services, including to ensure that our websites, mobile applications and web pages (including social media pages) function correctly and in accordance with your preferences and circumstances;
(g)
For legal and administrative purposes
►
For legal and administrative purposes such as to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, verifying and processing payment, screening against fraud, criminal or unlawful activities, or abusive redemption activities, accounting, billing and audit purposes, developing, maintaining and testing our systems, for claims handling and for understanding, exercising, enforcing or protecting our legal rights and those of others
.
5.
Who we share your Personal Data with
In certain circumstances, we will disclose your Personal Data to third parties as described below:
5.1    Third parties such as service partners in order to facilitate and administer your earning and redemption arrangements
►
We may transfer your Personal Data to CPA and our partners including hotel operators, providers of other travel-related services, finance and insurance partners, restaurants and retailers.  We may also disclose your Personal Data to third parties in order to facilitate any special arrangements that you may have requested, such as relaying your special meal or seat requests to CPA
.
5.2
Our service providers processing personal data on our behalf for the purposes described in section 4 ►
We will permit our third party service providers, including agents, contractors and CPA , to process your Personal Data on our behalf for the purposes set out in section 4. For example:  IT services providers, legal advisors, or marketing agencies.
5.3
Government and regulatory bodies
►
We may disclose your Personal Data to government and regulatory authorities , such as the Police or competent regulatory authorities, law enforcement bodies, for the purposes of complying with our legal obligations
.
6.
Marketing
As established in section 4, we will process your Personal Data for marketing purposes. Wherever required, we will do this only with your consent.
6.1     AML may use Personal Data for marketing and promotional purposes, including (i) for sending or showing you updates on latest news, offers and promotions, including contests (e.g., sweepstakes), in connection with our services; (ii) for sending or showing you joint marketing offers about CPA and our partners including hotel operators, providers of other travel-related services finance and insurance partners, restaurants and retailers, including contests (e.g., sweepstakes); or (iii) for tailoring and tracking your interactions with internet banner advertisement and links from third party websites to our website.
6.2    We may also use your Personal Data to analyse your  preferences and market trends and derive insights, which we may use to tailor the types of travel and lifestyle awards and offers that we present to you. This may involve us combining Personal Data that we hold about your use of our services with information that we have collected about your web usage. We may also combine information that we have collected about you with information that we have collected about our other customers in order to derive these insights and establish market trends. We may provide these insights to CPA for their marketing and promotional purposes in connection with the CMP. We also use advertising services and products from third party service providers (such as marketing agencies and social media platforms) for marketing and promotional purposes, which may involve us sharing Personal Data that we hold about you with them.
6.3    We may communicate marketing, promotions and research invitations to you by post, telephone, or online (including by email or through your mobile device or via online banner advertisement).
6.4    Within all our marketing communications, we will provide an option to unsubscribe (or opt out) from further marketing communications. You may also opt-out from these communications by contacting us as set out in section 8 below.
6.5    Please note that if you choose to unsubscribe from marketing communications, you will still continue to receive administrative emails.
7. Transmission, storage and security of your Personal Data
IT Security
7.1    No data transmission over the Internet, a website, mobile application or via email or other message service can be guaranteed to be secure from intrusion.  However, we maintain commercially reasonable physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your Personal Data in accordance with the requirements of data protection legislation.
7.2    All Personal Data we collect about you is stored on our or our subcontractors’ secure servers. We comply with our security policies and standards when accessing or using this information and restrict access to your Personal Data to those persons who need to use it for the purpose(s) for which it was collected.  You are responsible for keeping any information that we send to you confidential and for complying with any other security procedures that we notify you of.  In particular, where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our website or mobile applications, we ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Exporting your Personal Data
7.3    Your Personal Data may be transferred outside the country in which you are located, including to countries with a lower level of data protection than in the country in which you are located.
Retention period
7.4    We will retain your Personal Data for as long as is necessary for the processing purpose(s) for which it was collected and any other permitted linked purpose (for example where we are required to retain personal data for longer than the purpose for which we originally collected it in order to comply with certain regulatory requirements).  Our retention periods are based on business needs and your information that is no longer needed is either irreversibly anonymised (and the anonymised information will be retained) or securely destroyed
.
8.
Your rights and contacting us
8.1    General rights
You have the right (subject to various exceptions and in accordance with data protection legislation in your country) to access certain Personal Data held about you and correct any inaccuracies. We may charge a reasonable fee for the processing of any data access request in accordance with data protection legislation in your country. You also have the right to raise a complaint about our processing with the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction.
8.2    Right to opt out of direct marketing
You have the right to ask us not to process your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.  You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by indicating that you do not consent to direct marketing at the point at which we collect your Personal Data.  You can also exercise the right at any time after we have collected and used your Personal data for direct marketing purposes by:
(a)   following the opt out instructions contained in the relevant communications; or
(b)   updating your email subscriptions here for AML newsletter .
8.3    Contacting us
Mail box address:
DPO@cathaypacific.com
9.
Use of Cookies on Asia Miles Sites
The websites of Asia Miles, Asiamiles.com use cookies which, among other things, help us to improve your experience of our websites and to ensure that they perform as you expect them to.  For detailed information on how we use cookies and the purposes for which we use then, please see our Cookies Policy.
10.
Links to Other Sites
This website contains links to other sites that are operated by third party companies with different privacy practices.  You should remain alert when you leave our site and read the privacy statements of other websites.  We have no control over Personal Data that you submit to or receive from these third parties.
11.
European Appendix
This
Appendix
applies if you are based in the European Economic Area (the EEA) during your interactions with us (other than where you are in the EEA solely for travel purposes)
.
12.
Non-European Appendix
This
Appendix
applies if you are based in the following countries/regions during your interactions with us:
Australia
Canada
China
Japan
Malaysia
Singapore
South Korea
Taiwan
US
[1] Cathay Pacific means Cathay Pacific Airways Limited, Hong Kong Dragon Airlines Limited, Cathay Holidays Limited (and its subsidiaries)
We use cookies to deliver our online services.
Details and instructions on how to disable these cookies are set out in our
cookies policy
. By clicking ‘I Accept’, you agree to our use of cookies unless you have disabled them.
I Accept