Ladytimer Privacy Policy
At  Ladytimer we respect and take steps to protect your privacy. We strive to make  our site a safe environment for everyone who visits and uses Ladytimer  services. We are committed to providing you the best possible online service  and experience as well as the best products and services.
The  purpose of this policy statement is to fully share with you:
* A complete description of the information  we collect
* How we use the information
* With whom we share the information
* How you can change the information
This  policy addresses our practices with respect to our website, but does not  address the practices of any website we link to (including the merchants and  content providers we link to).
If you  have any questions regarding this privacy statement, please email  support@ladytimer.com.
Information we collect online
When you  create an account with us, you are asked to provide:
* Email address
Other optional personal information:
* Phone number
You can optionally create a backup account using your phone number
* Images
If you decide to participate in the online forum, you have the option to upload profile images
How We  Use Information
We do not share your data with anybody.
We use your email address to create your unique account to enable data backup.
We may use your email address to contact you regarding administrative matters.
Information  Submitted to Us:
If you  send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on  the site, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.
Disclosure  of Your Information
We do not sell or rent any data to any third  party.
Ladytimer may offer features on our site where we will by necessity, need to provide some of your information to the third party offering such services. To the extent  that that third party requires your information to enable you to use their  service, we will notify you of the specific information that will be provided  to such third parties. Before you use the service you should evaluate whether  you will accept the terms and conditions of the third party service, and give Ladytimer the right to pass your information on to that third party.
In  addition, we must comply with court orders, information requests from  government agencies and regulators and other legal and regulatory processes  that may require the disclosure of your information.
Reviewing/Changing your Information
If at any  time you would like to change or delete any information in your account, contact us at support@ladytimer.com
Limits on  Our Abilities
Although  your privacy is very important to us, due to the existing legal and technical environment, we cannot ensure that your information will not be disclosed to third parties in ways not described in this policy. Additionally, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to address or resolve inquiries or problems.
Questions?
We're  always happy to answer your questions and listen to your comments, contact us  at support@ladytimer.com