It governs the privacy terms of our IOS application Bela. Any capitalized terms not defined in our Privacy Policy, have the meaning as specified in our Terms of Service.
 
Your Privacy

Bela follows all legal requirements to protect your privacy. Our Privacy Policy is a legal statement that explains how we may collect information from you, how we may share your information, and how you can limit our sharing of your information. You will see terms in our Privacy Policy that are capitalized. These terms have meanings as described in the Definitions section below.
 
Definitions

“Non Personal Information” is information that is not personally identifiable to you and that we it is collected during application start.
 
“Personally Identifiable Information” is non-public information that is personally identifiable to your device and obtained in order to provide proper application work flow
 
Information We Collect

Generally, Bela doesn't collect any type of information.
  
Computer Information Collected

When you use our application , we automatically fetch ios device information by the interaction of your mobile phone system. Such information is not stored in any way or shared with thirdy party.
 
Third Party Services 
 
Bela does not intend to transfer Personal Information without your consent to third parties who are not bound to act on Bela behalf unless such transfer is legally required. Similarly, it is against Bela policy to sell Personal Information collected online without consent. 
 
Your Consent


By using this Bela Mobile Application , you consent to the terms of our Online Privacy Policy and to Bela processing of Personal Information for the purposes given above as well as those explained where Bela collects Personal Information. 
 
Information security

 
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data.
 
We restrict access to your personally identifying information to employees who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services.
 
 
Updating your information We provide mechanisms for updating and correcting your personally identifying information for many of our services. 
 
 
Children

Bela will not contact children under age 13 about special offers or for marketing purposes without a parent's permission.
 
Information Sharing and Disclosure

 
Bela does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people.
   
Links to Other Websites

Our application may contain links to other websites that are not under our direct control. These websites may have their own policies regarding privacy. We have no control of or responsibility for linked websites and provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors. You access such linked Websites at your own risk. These websites are not subject to this Privacy Policy. You should check the privacy policies, if any, of those individual websites to see how the operators of those third-party websites will utilize your personal information. In addition, these websites may contain a link to Websites of our affiliates. The websites of our affiliates are not subject to this Privacy Policy, and you should check their individual privacy policies to see how the operators of such websites will utilize your personal information.
 
Privacy Policy Updates

We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. You should review this Privacy Policy frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we may notify you on our Website, by a blog post, by email, or by any method we determine. The method we chose is at our sole discretion. We will also change the “Last Updated” date at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. Any changes we make to our Privacy Policy are effective as of this Last Updated date and replace any prior Privacy Policies.
 
Questions About Our Privacy Practices or This Privacy Policy

If you have any questions about our Privacy Practices or this Policy, please contact us.