About Us
Music and Math
Piano Free With Songs
Guitar Free With Songs
iPad Apps
iPhone Apps
Music
Support
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Here at Better Day Wireless, your privacy is important. So, we’ve developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and contact us if you have any questions.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you use Better Day Wireless apps, the information collected includes a vendor specific unique device identifier, hardware type, the version of your operating system, and your activity within our application.
iOS
Better Day Wireless uses information and/or unique device identifiers to understand usage of our applications, troubleshoot, and improve our applications.
Facebook Connect
If you sign into Better Day Wireless applications with Facebook Connect, Better Day Wireless will collect information that is visible via your Facebook account such as: (1) your first and last name, (2) your Facebook ID, (3) your profile picture/URL, and (4) your list of Facebook friends. Your name will be primarily used for user registration and in social features, which may include friend-to-friend interaction, chat, or messaging functionality, public leaderboards, head-to-head competition and other similar features.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
The personal information we collect allows us to keep you posted on Better Day Wireless’s latest product announcements, software updates, and upcoming events. It also helps us to improve our services, content, and advertising.
We also use personal information to help us develop, deliver, and improve our products, services, content, and advertising.
We may also use personal information for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve Better Day Wireless’s products, services, and customer communications.
If you enter into a sweepstake, contest, or similar promotion we may use the information you provide to administer those programs.
COOKIES
We do not use cookies.
DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES
Better Day Wireless does not sell or disclose personal information about you to other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide you with products or services, when we have your permission, or under the certain circumstances as detailed in this privacy policy.
Better Day Wireless shares demographic, profile and other general information about you and our other customers with our partners on an aggregate basis. This means that we tell our advertisers general information about the characteristics of our customer base, but we do not specifically identify a particular user or visitor or provide the user’s contact information to our advertisers.
PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Better Day Wireless’s websites have security measures in place in effort to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
By installing, using, or accessing Better Day Wireless’s applications or websites, you agree to this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, do not install, use, or access Better Day Wireless’s applications or websites. Better Day Wireless may update this policy from time to time and will post updates to this policy on this web page, including the policy’s effective date.
OUR COMPANYWIDE COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
To make sure your personal information is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to all Better Day Wireless employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
PRIVACY QUESTIONS
If you have any questions or concerns about Better Day Wireless’s Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us at:
support@betterdaywireless.com
Better Day Wireless may update its Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy.
Privacy
Policy
Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, and iPod touch are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.
Copyright 2008-2016  Better Day Wireless