Schiphol app Privacy Statement
In the interest of readability, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has specially developed a condensed version of its privacy policy for the app.
Please click here for the full version of our privacy policy
.
Each devices has a ‘device ID’. This is a unique reference of your telephone, laptop or other device.
When you arrive at Schiphol, the Schiphol App will connect to the various Wi-Fi spots at the airport. Only the device ID is shared with Schiphol when this happens. This connection allows you to see and follow your exact location on the floor plan of Schiphol. We will not register your device ID. Consequently, as soon as you leave Schiphol we will no longer have access to your device ID.
Furthermore, we offer a number of services via the Schiphol App which can also be accessed via the Schiphol website. For example, you can use the app to reserve parking spaces and order a Shopping @Schiphol voucher. If you would like to find out more about the personal data we process in connection with the app,
please click here
.
Location data use
The Schiphol app requests permission to use your location information. For all purposes this is optional, and it is not required to use the app. Upon requesting permission, you can choose to grant just an approximate location permission or an exact location permission. For all purposes the app uses your location only on the device itself and doesn’t store it.
Approximate location use
The acquired approximate location is shown on the map and can give you a sense of your location at Schiphol, though it isn’t necessarily accurate. For the map the app only uses your location when the app itself is in use.
Exact location use
The acquired exact location is shown as a precise location on the map, to help you find your way at Schiphol. For the map the app only uses your location when the app itself is in use.
Location background use
The flight itinerary includes an option to enable notifying you with relevant information when you arrive at Schiphol. For this it requests the permission to use your exact location and additionally the permission to use your location information in the background. With this information the Schiphol app can determine when you arrive at Schiphol and inform you appropriately.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol processes personal data as much as possible within the European Union. Schiphol may engage a processor who delivers IT services whereby data are processed in countries outside the European Union, including the United States of America or India. We do this only in a manner that complies with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation.
Access to, amendment and deletion of your personal data
You have the right to know what personal data on you are processed by Schiphol. If your personal data prove to be incorrect, you can ask us to amend your data. You can also request us to delete personal data and to discontinue their use.
Lodging an objection
Besides requesting deletion or restriction of the processing, you can also object to the processing of personal data by Schiphol. First, you can do so if you do not agree to Schiphol using your personal data for direct marketing (for instance by profiling).
Second, you can object to the use of your personal data owing to your specific situation. If you lodge an objection, we will in principle temporarily discontinue or restrict the processing of your personal data. If your objection is accepted, we will definitively discontinue or restrict the processing.
Your request and our response
If you have a question, a request or if you wish to lodge an objection, email our Data Protection Officer (DPO) via
dpo@schiphol.nl
. We will do our utmost to respond to your request in a timely manner.
Who is the controller?
This privacy statement is issued by Schiphol Nederland B.V. Our contact details:
Schiphol Nederland B.V.
P.O. Box 7501
1118 ZG Schiphol
How to contact our Data Protection Officer
Do you have any questions or requests concerning your data? If so, you can send an email to the DPO via
dpo@schiphol.nl
or send a letter to our postal address, for the attention of the Data Protection Officer. Together with your request, please provide your name, address, email address and telephone number.
If you are dissatisfied with the way in which we treat your privacy or handle your request or objection, you can file a complaint with
the Dutch Data Protection Authority
.
If necessary, we will update this privacy statement. This may be due to changes in policies, changes in the data processing operations or changes in the systems we use to process data.
This version was issued in April 2024.
View all Schiphol privacy statements
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.schiphol.nl/en/page/privacy-and-cookies/:
Cookies on Schiphol.nl
We use
functional
and
analytical
cookies to give you the best experience on our website. Our optional cookies ensure that content and advertisements are relevant to your personal interests.
More about cookies
.
Yes, I accept all cookies
No personal cookies please
Skip to content
Skip to the menu
Skip to the main navigation
Skip to search within schiphol.nl
Royal Schiphol Group Privacy Statement
:
Privacy
Welcome to Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, where each day thousands of travellers arrive and depart, where retailers welcome shoppers and which is the location of a wide range of enterprises. At Schiphol Nederland B.V. (‘Schiphol’), we take pride in making everyone feel welcome and safe. And protecting your privacy is an important part of this. This privacy statement offers you a transparent and accessible overview of how Schiphol treats your personal data. This privacy statement sets out which personal data we collect, how long we retain this data and which rights you can exercise.
Many people believe that we at Schiphol collect more information about you than is actually the case. There are also other enterprises located at Schiphol that process your personal data, such as the Royal Netherlands Marechaussee, Dutch Customs, airlines and the operators of retail units and catering establishments. As a rule, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol does not have access to the personal data they process. If you want to know how they treat your personal data, please consult the websites of these organisations.
In this privacy statement, we describe for each service that Schiphol offers the personal data that we process, why we do this and how long we retain those data. Click on the topic to find out more.
Travelling via Schiphol
Parking
Video cameras
Lost & Found
Virtual queuing
Baggage
Privium
VIP
PRM service
Crowd Management
Wi-fi
Access to Schiphol
Fall detection on ramps
Shopping
Passenger survey
Contacting Schiphol
Schiphol online
Website
Cookies
Schiphol app
Click & Collect
Newsletter
Chatbot
Social Media
Working for and at Schiphol
Working at Schiphol
Spot
Schiphol Pass
Video cameras
Badge Center
Tenants
Access to, amendment and deletion of your personal data
You have the right to know what personal data on you are processed by Schiphol. If we have not obtained the data directly from you, you also have the right to know from what source they derive and to receive a copy thereof.
If your personal data prove to be incorrect, you can ask us to amend your data. You can also request us to delete personal data and to discontinue their use. If we process your personal data on the basis of your consent, and there is no other legal basis for the processing, you have the right to withdraw that consent and we will comply with your request to delete them. In some cases, we may refuse your request if, for example, we need your personal data for security reasons at Schiphol or for tax administration.
Restriction of processing and right to transfer your data
If in your opinion we are not processing your data in a correct manner, you can request a restriction of the processing.
You can also ask us to transfer your digital personal data to you or to another party in a readable and usable form.
Lodging an objection
Besides requesting deletion or restriction of the processing, you can also object to the processing of personal data by Schiphol. First, you can do so if you do not agree to Schiphol using your personal data for direct marketing (for instance by profiling).
Second, you can object to the use of your personal data owing to your specific situation. If you lodge an objection, we will in principle temporarily discontinue or restrict the processing. If your objection is accepted, we will definitively discontinue or restrict the processing.
Your request and our response
If you have a question, a request or if you wish to lodge an objection, email our Data Protection Officer (DPO) via
dpo@schiphol.nl
. We will do our utmost to respond to your request in a timely manner.
We may ask you to send us a copy of a valid ID if this is necessary in order to confirm your identity.
If any part of your request is unclear to us, we may ask you to specify your request and/or to supplement it, to enable us to provide you with the best possible service.
Schiphol processes personal data as much as possible within the European Union. Schiphol may engage a processor who delivers services whereby data are processed in countries outside the European Union, including the United States of America or India. We do this only in a manner that complies with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation.
Who is the controller?
This privacy statement has been issued by Royal Schiphol Group and relates to all processing carried out by Royal Schiphol Group on or in the vicinity of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. If you would like to learn more about the processing of personal data at or in the vicinity of other airports that are part of Royal Schiphol Group, please visit the relevant websites.
Royal Schiphol Group includes Schiphol Nederland B.V., Schiphol Real Estate B.V., and Schiphol Telematics B.V. Schiphol Nederland B.V. is the controller for the majority of data processing tasks described in this privacy statement. Where another company is the controller for a particular processing task, this is specifically mentioned in the description of the processing task concerned.
The contact details of Royal Schiphol Group, Schiphol Nederland B.V., Schiphol Real Estate B.V. and Schiphol Telematics B.V are:
Schipholgebouw
Evert van de Beekstraat 202
1118 CP Schiphol
The Netherlands
How to contact our Data Protection Officer
Schiphol has a Data Protection Officer (DPO) for all your questions concerning privacy. The DPO also provides advice to us and monitors compliance with the privacy laws and regulations by Schiphol.
Do you have any questions or requests concerning your data? If so, you can send an email to the DPO via
dpo@schiphol.nl
or send a letter to our postal address, for the attention of the Data Protection Officer. Together with your request, please provide your name, address, email address and telephone number.
If you are dissatisfied with the way in which we treat your privacy or handle your request or objection, you can file a complaint with the
Dutch Data Protection Authority
.
If necessary, we will update this privacy statement. This may be due to changes in policies, changes in the data processing operations or changes in the systems we use to process data.
This version was issued 24 January, 2022.