Information and notes on data processing and data protection at VBB Verkehrsverbund Berlin-Brandenburg GmbH.
The VBB takes the protection of your personal data very seriously and informs you below in detail about the handling of your data: When handling personal data, VBB complies with the applicable data protection regulations, in particular the new EU General Data Protection Regulation (DSGVO) and the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG).
Who is responsible for data processing and whom can you contact?
The VBB collects and processes your data as the responsible party. Should this be deviated from in certain cases, you will be informed at the appropriate place.
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding data processing at the VBB, please contact:
VBB Verkehrsverbund Berlin-Brandenburg GmbH.
Stralauer Platz 29
10243 Berlin
Telephone: 0 30 - 25 41 40
Fax: 0 30 - 25 41 41 12
E-mail:
info@vbb.de
For questions, suggestions and/or criticism you can reach the appointed data protection officer at:
VBB Verkehrsverbund Berlin-Brandenburg GmbH
Data Protection
Stralauer Platz 29
10243 Berlin
E-mail:
datenschutz@vbb.de
Who gets your data?
Within the VBB, access to your data is granted to those offices that need it to fulfil our contractual and legal obligations. For the execution of a contract, it is usually necessary to involve instruction-dependent processors, such as printing or shipping service providers or other parties involved in the fulfilment of the contract. These are carefully selected by us and strictly bound by contract. The service providers named below work according to our instructions, which is ensured by strict contractual regulations, by technical and organisational measures and by supplementary controls.
The response to enquiries may require a forwarding to the project partners involved. Data is only passed on to third parties within the framework of the regulations of the DSGVO and the BDSG.
How long will your data be stored?
We process and store your personal data as long as it is necessary for the fulfilment of our contractual and legal obligations. If the data is no longer required for the fulfilment of these purposes, it will be deleted unless other legal or otherwise stipulated retention periods require this. Please note that you can determine or carry out the deletion of your data yourself if necessary (e.g. when favouriting stops for your frequent journeys).
What rights do users of the VBB app have?
You have a right to information about the personal data concerning you (Art. 15 DSGVO) as well as to correction (Art. 16 DSGVO) or deletion (Art. 17 DSGVO) or to restriction of processing (Art. 18 DSGVO), a right to object to processing (Art. 21 DSGVO) as well as the right to data portability (Art. 20 DSGVO). Furthermore, you have the right to complain to a data protection supervisory authority (Art. 13 (2) (d) DSGVO).
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, every data subject has the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if the data subject considers that the processing of personal data concerning him or her infringes the GDPR (Art. 77 GDPR). The data subject may exercise this right before a supervisory authority in the Member State of his or her residence, place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority of your place of residence for this purpose. A list of the supervisory authorities is available
here
.
You can exercise your rights using the contact details below:
VBB Verkehrsverbund Berlin-Brandenburg GmbH
Data Protection
Stralauer Platz 29
10243 Berlin
E-mail:
datenschutz@vbb.de
What happens with links to external sites?
From the VBB website you can possibly reach third party websites by clicking on links. When setting up these links, we have checked the contents of the external websites for illegality and criminal liability. However, a change of the contents of the external websites cannot be excluded afterwards. The VBB is not obliged to check the links and the external websites continuously. Therefore, we cannot assume any liability for the data protection guidelines of the external websites.
Updating of the data protection information
We adapt our information and notes on data processing and data protection to changed functionalities or changed legal situations. We therefore recommend that you take note of the information at regular intervals.
Overview of our data protection information:
When using the app, the following data is processed:
Date and time of your request
Start and destination of your request
Operating system
It is technically not possible to use this app without processing this data. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 (1) lit. f DSGVO.
A tracking service is built into the VBB Bus&Bahn app in order to evaluate the use of the app in an anonymous form and thus enable the app to be designed in line with requirements. In the apps, only interactions (display of pages in the app, tapping on buttons, etc.) are tracked. The user's selection may be tracked if several options are available. The app does not track what the user enters, i.e., for example, no addresses entered, no names assigned to locations. The only personal/related data tracked and stored in the apps are:
A generated user ID to identify returning users.
The shortened IP address (last octet removed, mask 255.255.255.0) to identify the location approximately at city level.
It is tracked whether a screen reader is active, and if so, which screen reader is being used.
If you contact us, we process the personal data you provide for the purpose of processing the correspondence. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
Transfer of personal data to third parties
Data that has been logged when accessing our website will only be passed on to third parties if we are obliged to do so by law or by court decision, or if the transfer is necessary for legal or criminal prosecution in the event of attacks on our internet infrastructure. We do not pass on data for other non-commercial or commercial purposes.
If we commission third parties to process data, this is generally done by concluding a contract processing agreement (CPA) in accordance with Art. 28 DSGVO. This is the case for our website for:
Website analysis
So-called tracking tools are used on our homepage. For this purpose, we use the services of Google Analytics: Google Analytics is a service of Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google").
Insofar as you have given your consent, this website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google LLC. Its use involves a specific mode of operation that allows data, sessions and interactions across multiple devices to be assigned to a pseudonymous user ID and thus to analyse a user's activities across devices.
Google Analytics uses special text files that are stored on your computer and enable an analysis of your use of the website.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In the event that IP anonymisation is activated on this website, however, your IP address will be truncated beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. We would like to point out that on this website, Google Analytics has been extended to include IP anonymisation in order to ensure that IP addresses are recorded anonymously (so-called IP masking). The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data.
For more information on the terms of use and data protection, please visit
https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html
or
https://policies.google.com/?hl=de
.
Purpose of website analysis by Google Analytics and legal basis
On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website operator.
The legal basis for the use of Google Analytics is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S.1 lit. a DSGVO. The recipient of the collected data is Google.
The data sent by us and linked to cookies, user IDs (e.g. user ID) or advertising IDs are automatically deleted after 14 months. Data whose retention period has been reached is automatically deleted once a month.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website (e.g. driving information).
You can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of this website (including your IP address) by Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link.
You can find more information on Google Analytics and data protection at
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
.
Registration, billing and ticket issue
Type and scope of data collection
If you wish to purchase a VBB mobile phone ticket from the provider Handyticket Deutschland, you enter into a contractual relationship with Oberhavel Verkehrsgesellschaft mbH (hereinafter referred to as OVG). OVG distributes electronic mobile phone tickets for the VBB area, under the brand name "VBB-Handyticket", as part of HandyTicket Deutschland and issues these as VDV barcodes via the VBB app "Bus und Bahn".
The person responsible for processing your data for the VBB-Handyticket within the meaning of Art. 4 No. 7 of the General Data Protection Regulation (DS-GVO) is Oberhavel Verkehrsgesellschaft mbH.
The VBB offers access to the Handyticket Deutschland registration portal via the website. The contact person for all data protection issues is OVG (Annahofer Str. 1a, 16515 Oranienburg, e-mail: info@ovg-online.de).
OVG is responsible for the correct storage and updating of your Handyticket data. In connection with the booking of tickets, OVG also collects so-called payment data (bank details) in addition to your personal data.
If you wish to participate in the Handyticket Deutschland procedure, you must register on the Internet on the login page (
https://www.handyticket.de/portals/web/nutzer/ovg/login.html
) with your personal data. If you want to use a convenient payment method (credit card, direct debit, PayPal), OVG will ask you for your mobile phone number, your valid control medium and also your name, address, date of birth, credit card data or bank details when you register on the login page. OVG requires this data for the contractual relationship. If you use the direct debit payment method, the data you provide will be subjected to an identity and creditworthiness check as part of the online registration process.
By ordering and using a ticket purchased by mobile phone and issued via a VDV barcode (2D barcode), OVG receives information about the type of ticket you purchased, the validity period (start and end of validity) and the tariff area used as well as the ticket's identification number. For single tickets, e.g. connecting tickets, OVG also receives the starting point (stop). This information is necessary for billing purposes. OVG also receives this information from customers who are not registered but use Handyticket Deutschland for transport services in our tariff zone.
If you have provided voluntary information when registering for Handyticket Deutschland, this information will be used by the service providers exclusively for this purpose.
Recipient of the data
Your registration data will be processed by HanseCom Public Transport Ticketing Solutions GmbH on the basis of the General Terms and Conditions of Handyticket Deutschland for the purpose of providing and billing electronic mobile phone tickets.
A service provider (
https://www.handyticket.de/impressum.html
) has been commissioned to process the Handyticket Deutschland procedure.
OVG will pass on your personal data (first and last name, date of birth, address, e-mail address, account details, credit card details, mobile phone number if applicable, as well as data on your respective ticket purchases) and any changes to LogPay Financial Services GmbH for the purpose of selling and assigning our claims against you that arise in connection with your ticket purchase. This is done on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f DS-GVO. The legitimate interest on our side is the outsourcing of payment processing and receivables management. The legitimate interest on the part of LogPay Financial Services GmbH consists in the collection of data for the purpose of processing payments, for receivables management, the evaluation of the admissibility of payment methods and the prevention of payment defaults. You can object to the transmission of this data to LogPay Financial Services GmbH at any time, however, it will then no longer be possible to place an order via the electronic sales channel. You can access the data protection information of LogPay Financial Services GmbH
here
.
If, as a registered customer, you use transport services provided by another transport company participating in Handyticket Deutschland, your usage data will be passed on to this transport company for the purpose of processing ticket sales and also as a basis for ticket control. In addition, the data will be passed on to the respective body entitled to receive information, if it is obliged to do so by law or by court order.
Deletion of data
Usage data (ticket data) will be deleted after 12 months. Customer data is completely deleted 12 months after completion of all processes as a result of a termination. The specified deletion periods do not apply to payment processing by LogPay Financial Services GmbH.
If you no longer wish to use the mobile phone ticket service and wish to delete your account, you can either send an e-mail to info@vbb.de stating your registered mobile phone number or delete your account yourself in the
VBB customer portal
after logging in.
Communication data
Type and scope of data collection
For some communication processes (ticket issue, ticket blocking), which take place in the context of the use of VBB mobile phone tickets, data records are created by the distribution system of OVG on the basis of Handyticket Deutschland and the control terminals of the transport companies in the Verkehrsverbund Berlin-Brandenburg and transmitted to the background systems of the transport companies.
All data records contain the time, place and type of communication process (ticket issue, ticket blocking) as well as the respective identification numbers for the ticket, for the fare product on which the ticket is based and for the issue or control terminal as well as the date and time of the start and end of validity of the ticket.
Recipients of the data
The data collected via the terminals of the transport companies are processed by the sales background systems of the transport companies and transmitted to a central data control system of the VBB (issuing data records) and the central, Germany-wide blocking management system of VDV eTicket-Service GmbH & Co. KG (blocking data records).
The central data control system at the VBB receives the ticket issue data records directly from the systems of the transport companies in order to check them against each other so that system security can be guaranteed and, if necessary, errors in the systems can be detected and rectified.
Deletion of data
All communication data received by the sales background systems of the transport companies and the central data control system at the VBB are stored for the duration of the procedure. A precise specification of the storage period and deletion periods is made in consultation with the data protection officers of VBB GmbH and the transport companies, based on a data protection impact assessment, external requirements and technical possibilities of the systems.
Storage on the VBB-
fahr
Card
Type and extent of data collection
With impersonal, transferable tickets the tariff product, the tariff area of validity, the temporal and spatial validity and the card number are stored in the chip of the VBB-
fahr
Card.
For personal, non-transferable tickets, the tariff product, the tariff area of validity, the temporal and spatial validity and the card number are stored in the chip of the VBB-
fahr
Card. In addition, your first name and surname are encoded (only first and last letter readable) and, if applicable, your year of birth (product-specific) are stored in your electronic ticket. Your photograph and your first and last name are printed on the card.
In the memory of each eTicket a logbook is created, which records all writing processes that take place on the chip of the VBB-
fahr
Card in a transparent and comprehensible way for the customer. This includes the issuing of tickets as well as the blocking of eTickets or the complete VBB-
fahr
Card (application blocking). The logbook contains a maximum of ten entries. The following data is recorded:
Type and description of the transaction: Issue / Blocking
Terminal ID
Terminal ID: identifies the type of terminal and terminal number
Organisation identification number of the transport company to which the terminal belongs
Transaction time: date and time of issuance / blocking
Transaction location ID
Location type code: identifies the type of issuing / blocking location (e.g. bus stop, railway station)
Location number: unique identification number per issuing / blocking location
Organisation identification number of the transport company to which the issuing / blocked location is assigned
Authorisation ID
Authorisation number of the issued / blocked ticket
Organisation identification number of the transport company that issued the ticket
Product ID
Product number of the fare product issued as an entitlement
Organisation ID number of the fare manager (usually VBB)
Line ID
Line number on which the ticket was issued / blocked
Line variant number, if several routes are operated for the line
Journey ID
Trip number on which the issue/blocking took place
Trip variant number, if several trips are possible for the trip.
Control procedures are not logged in this logbook.
You have the possibility at any time to have the data from the logbook of your VBB-
fahr
Card displayed by your customer advisor in a customer centre of your transport company. In addition, you can read out this data yourself at a customer information terminal, in short info terminal, of your choice.
Info terminals are usually installed in the customer centres of the transport companies, but can also be found in partner agencies. Access to the info terminals is possible during the business hours of the customer centres or the agencies.
The VBB-
fahr
Card can also be read via commercial smartphone apps, provided the smartphone has an NFC interface.
The eTicket can be read or written contactlessly if the reader/writer is no more than one centimetre away from the card. This means that cards in jacket pockets or purses cannot usually be read. In addition, you have the option of providing your eTicket with an appropriate protective cover that prevents electronic contact with the card.
Please note that the protective cover must be removed for independent control procedures at the bus terminals and for mobile controls by control staff of the transport companies.
Recipients of the data
The data on the VBB-
fahr
Card are only accessible to the holder and the control staff of the transport companies. When reading out the VBB-
fahr
Card at customer information terminals or via mobile phone apps, the data of the eTickets and the logbook are shown on the display of the reading device. No data records are generated.
During issuing and control processes by the transport companies, the data of the VBB-
fahr
Card (app) and the eTickets are shown on the displays of the stationary or mobile terminals. Ticket issuing processes are stored in the logbook of the VBB-
fahr
Card. If a control process leads to the blocking of an eTicket or a VBB-
fahr
Card (application blocking), a corresponding data record is also written into the logbook of the card.
Deletion of data from the VBB-
fahr
Card
With every contact with an eTicket terminal that triggers a ticket issuing or, if applicable, blocking process, an entry is written into the logbook on the eTicket. After ten entries, each additional entry overwrites the oldest existing entry (ring buffer).
You can also delete all entries from the logbook of your eTicket at any info terminal. Info terminals are usually installed in the customer centres of the transport companies, but can also be found in partner agencies. Access to the Infoterminals is possible during the business hours of the customer centres or the agencies.
Communication data
Type and scope of data collection
For all communication processes (ticket issuing and, if applicable, ticket blocking) that take place with the VBB-
fahr
Card, data records are created by the issuing and control terminals of the transport companies in the Verkehrsverbund Berlin-Brandenburg and transmitted to the background systems of the transport companies.
In the case of personal tickets, your first name and surname are encoded in the data records for ticket issuance (only the first and last letters are readable in each case) and, if applicable, your year of birth.
All data records contain the time, place and type of communication process (ticket issue or ticket blocking) as well as the respective identification numbers for the ticket, for the fare product on which the ticket is based and for the issue or control terminal as well as the date and time of the start and end of validity of the ticket.
In the case of blocking operations, the identification number of the line and the journey on which the communication operation took place is also written to the corresponding data record.
Recipients of the data
The data collected via the terminals of the transport companies are processed by the sales background systems (issuing/control systems) of the transport companies and sent to a central data control system of the VBB (issuing data records) and the central, Germany-wide blocking management system of VDV eTicket-Service GmbH & Co. KG (blocking data records).
The central data control system at the VBB receives the ticket issue data records (first and last name and, if applicable, year of birth are deleted before being entered into the system) directly from the systems of the transport companies as well as the ticket/card blocking data records collected by the control systems of the transport companies via the blocking management system of VDV eTicket-Service GmbH & Co. KG in order to check them against each other so that system security can be guaranteed and, if necessary, errors in the systems can be detected and rectified.
Deletion of data
All communication data received by the sales background systems of the transport companies and the central data control system at the VBB are stored for the duration of the procedure. A precise specification of the storage duration and deletion periods is made in coordination with the data protection officers of VBB GmbH and the transport companies, based on a data protection impact assessment, external requirements and technical possibilities of the systems.
For the use of our apps on your mobile devices, data is automatically collected, e.g.
Name and version of the app you are using,
unique device identifier (UDID) and the
local time and date stamp of the server.
This is used to ensure the proper functioning of the app, i.e. registration, for the purpose of customer service and, if you accidentally remove the app from your device, to restore the app to your device. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b (processing of the contract for the provision of the mobile ticket or provision of the app "jump") and lit. c DS-GVO (implementation of payment processing of the mobile ticket).
The VBB app "Bus&Bahn" asks the user for access rights for the location and contacts when first used. Both requests can be refused, but lead to minor restrictions in the use of the app. We collect the physical location of your device only in case of your consent to provide you with location-based services, e.g. navigation and traffic information. The collection and sharing of this location information can be suspended at any time by not using the location-based services within the App or by turning off your mobile device. For billing purposes, we may need to collect your location (start/destination). We may also collect location information ("traffic measurement data") to improve content. However, this information is collected anonymously. In principle, you can prohibit our apps from accessing the GPS location data of your mobile device. This only has the effect of impairing usability in the form of self-input.
To simplify usability, you can also allow or prohibit our apps from accessing your contacts. In the case of permission, the address books are not read out completely and are not transferred to our servers. Only the address data (street and city) will be used to calculate journey times and stops. In principle, you can prohibit our apps from accessing your contacts. This only has the effect of impairing usability in the form of self-input. For further information, the
data protection declaration
is linked under the menu item "Info & Help" (Android) or "Help" (iOS). You will find all information on data processing in connection with Handyticket Deutschland under the bullet point
"2. Handyticket - VBB-Handyticket via Handyticket Deutschland"
.
All our apps do without authorisations that could restrict the privacy of the user. If permissions are required, these are explained in the respective app description and the required functions of the app, about which you will be informed in accordance with § 13 para. 1 TMG before the start of the usage process.
For communication and contact in the context of enquiries or complaints, we process your data, e.g.
Name, first name,
address
e-mail address
telephone number and
Reason for contact (information, complaint).
If you contact us, we process the personal data you provide for the purpose of processing the correspondence. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
You can find us on various social media with our own presence. The social media activities operated by us and detailed below are carried out on the basis of Art. 6 (1) lit. f DSGVO. With these activities, we would like to provide you with a broad, multimedia offer and exchange information with you on topics that are important to you.
For the respective data processing purposes and data categories, please refer to the respective offer listed in more detail below.
Facebook
If you visit our fan pages on Facebook, Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA, as operator, stores and processes personal data to the extent described in the privacy policy. The privacy policy can be found here:
http://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php
.
Plug-ins of the social network Facebook, provider Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA, are integrated on our website. You can recognise the Facebook plug-ins by the Facebook logo or the "Like" button on our website. You can find an overview of the Facebook PlugIns here:
http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/
. When you visit our website, a direct connection is established between your browser and the Facebook server via the plug-in. Facebook thereby receives the information that you have visited our website with your IP address. If you click the Facebook "Like" button while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can link the content of our website on your Facebook profile. This allows Facebook to associate your visit to our website with your user account. We would like to point out that we, as the provider of the website, have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by Facebook.
If you do not wish Facebook to be able to associate your visit to our website with your Facebook user account, please log out of your Facebook user account.
Twitter
If you visit our Twitter channels, Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom Street, Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA, as operator, stores and processes personal data to the extent described in the privacy policy. The privacy policy can be found here:
https://twitter.com/de/privacy
.
When you use Twitter and in particular the "Re-Tweet" function, Twitter links your Twitter account to the websites you frequent. This is made known to other users on Twitter, in particular your followers. A data transfer to Twitter also takes place in this way.
Please note, however, that you have the option of changing your privacy settings on Twitter in your account settings there at
http://twitter.com/account/settings
.
Instagram
If you visit us on Instagram, Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA, as operator, stores and processes personal data to the extent described in the privacy policy. The privacy policy can be found here:
http://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy
.
If you are logged into your Instagram account, you can link the content of our pages to your Instagram profile by clicking on the Instagram button. This allows Instagram to associate the visit to our pages with your user account. We would like to point out that we, as the provider of the pages, have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by Instagram.
YouTube
Our website uses plug-ins from the YouTube site operated by Google. The operator of the pages is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. When you visit one of our pages equipped with a YouTube plug-in, a connection to the YouTube servers is established. This tells the YouTube server which of our pages you have visited.
If you are logged into your YouTube account, you enable YouTube to assign your surfing behaviour directly to your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
For more information on the handling of user data, please refer to YouTube's privacy policy at:
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy
.
The VBB processes personal data of the customers of the VBB Bus & Bahn-Begleitservice (hereinafter referred to as VBB Begleitservice) for the preparation, organisation and implementation of escort orders. The processing of personal data is only carried out with your explicit consent according to Art. 6 para. 1 letter a) DSGVO and an agreement on commissioned data processing according to Art. 28 para. 3 DSGVO.
The purpose of the data processing is the planning and implementation of the use of the VBB Bus & Bahn escort service intended by you in each case and thus forms a prerequisite for the provision of this service. The personal data is collected by telephone when the order is accepted or by filling out a contact form by the VBB escort service team, documented for processing and processed using the VBB-Fahrinfo for the creation of the escort orders and their documentation. Name, first name, home address, telephone number, type of physical limitation and date of the escort are stored. The indication of your type of physical limitation is a special category of personal data according to Art. 9 (1) DSGVO. In order to be able to process this data, we need your consent in accordance with Art. 9 (2) (a) in conjunction with Art. 7 DSGVO.
We have commissioned our cooperation partner D&B Dienstleistung und Bildung Gemeinnützige GmbH, Frankfurter Allee 202, 10365 Berlin, with the storage and processing of your personal data within the framework of commissioned data processing.
If you have any questions or complaints, you can contact the company data protection officer at D&B Dienstleistung und Bildung Gemeinnützige GmbH. He can be reached at the following contact details: Frank Lohmann (
frank.lohmann@dub-berlin.de
).
D&B Dienstleistung und Bildung Gemeinnützige GmbH undertakes to maintain confidentiality when processing personal data in accordance with the order. This obligation shall continue to exist even after termination of the accompanying order. D&B Dienstleistung und Bildung Gemeinnützige GmbH assures that it will familiarise those employed in the performance of the work with the provisions of data protection applicable to them prior to commencement of the activity and that it will oblige them to maintain confidentiality in an appropriate manner for the duration of their activity as well as after termination of the employment relationship.
Security
The protection objectives of confidentiality, integrity and availability of the systems and services as well as their resilience in relation to the type, scope and purpose of the processing operations shall be taken into account in such a way that the risk is permanently contained by means of appropriate technical and organisational measures.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://twitter.com/de/privacy:
Skip to main content
Datenschutzrichtlinien
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Privacy Center
Hilfe-Center
Archiv der Datenschutzerklärungen
PDF herunterladen
X Datenschutzrichtlinien
Gültig ab: 15. November 2024
Vor dem Scrollen bitte lesen
Es ist wirklich schwer, alle mit einer Datenschutzerklärung zufrieden zu stellen. Die meisten Personen, die X nutzen, wollen etwas Kurzes und leicht Verständliches. Wir wünschten zwar, wir könnten alles, was Sie wissen müssen, in einen Post packen, aber unsere Regulierungsbehörden verlangen von uns, dass wir unseren rechtlichen Verpflichtungen nachkommen und alle Richtlinien sehr detailliert beschreiben.
Aus diesem Grund haben wir unsere Datenschutzrichtlinien so einfach wie möglich formuliert, damit Sie in der Lage sind, informierte Entscheidungen zu treffen, wenn Sie X nutzen. Unser Ziel ist, dass Sie verstehen, welche Daten wir erfassen, wie sie genutzt und wann sie weitergegeben werden, und dass Sie Kontrolle darüber haben.
Wenn Sie also nicht jedes Wort der Datenschutzerklärung lesen, sollten Sie wenigstens Folgendes wissen:
X ist eine öffentliche Plattform
Erfahren Sie, was angezeigt und durchsucht werden kann
Wir erheben einige Daten
über Sie
Erfahren Sie, was wir erfassen und wie
Dienste unserer verbundenen Unternehmen können ihre eigenen Richtlinien haben
Erfahren Sie mehr über verbundene Unternehmen
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten zur Verbesserung von X
Erfahren Sie, wie wir Ihre Daten nutzen
Sie haben die Kontrolle über Ihr Erlebnis
Erfahren Sie, wie Sie Ihre Einstellungen aktualisieren
Wenn Sie Fragen zur Datennutzung haben, dann stellen Sie sie!
Erfahren Sie, wie Sie uns kontaktieren können
Datenschutzrichtlinien
1. Daten, die wir erheben
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
3. Weitergabe von Daten
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
9. Allgemein
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
Datenschutzrichtlinien
1. Daten, die wir erheben
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
3. Weitergabe von Daten
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
9. Allgemein
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
1. Daten, die wir erheben
Die Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen, lassen sich in drei Kategorien unterteilen.
1.1 Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen.
Zur Nutzung einiger unserer Produkte und Dienste benötigen Sie einen Account, und zur Erstellung eines Accounts müssen Sie uns bestimmte Daten zur Verfügung stellen. Gleichfalls können wir, wenn Sie unsere kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste nutzen, Ihnen diese nicht zur Verfügung stellen, wenn wir Ihre Zahlungsdaten nicht erhalten. Grundsätzlich brauchen wir für viele unserer Produkte und Dienste bestimmte Daten, damit Sie sie nutzen können.
Persönliche Accounts.
Wenn Sie einen Account erstellen, müssen Sie uns einige Daten zur Verfügung stellen, damit wir Ihnen unsere Dienste bereitstellen können. Dazu gehören ein Anzeigename (zum Beispiel „Gestalter*innen“); ein Nutzername (zum Beispiel @XGestalter*innen); ein Passwort; eine E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer; ein Geburtsdatum, Ihre Anzeigesprache und Daten zur einmaligen Anmeldung bei Dritten (wenn Sie diese Anmeldemethode wählen). Sie können sich auch dafür entscheiden, Ihren Standort in Ihrem Profil und in Ihren Posts zu teilen und Ihr Adressbuch auf X hochzuladen, damit Sie leichter nach Personen suchen können, die Sie kennen. Ihre Profildaten, einschließlich Ihres Anzeigenamens und Ihres Nutzernamens, sind immer öffentlich, aber Sie können entweder Ihren echten Namen oder ein Pseudonym verwenden. Denken Sie auch daran, dass Sie mehrere X Accounts einrichten können, zum Beispiel wenn Sie verschiedene Aspekte Ihrer Identität zum Ausdruck bringen möchten, sei es beruflich oder anderweitig.
Professionelle Accounts.
Wenn Sie einen
professionellen Account
einrichten, müssen Sie uns auch eine professionelle Kategorie angeben und können uns weitere Daten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich Postanschrift, Kontakt-E-Mail-Adresse und Kontakt-Telefonnummer. Alle diese Daten sind immer öffentlich.
Zahlungsdaten.
Wenn Sie Werbeanzeigen oder andere Angebote kaufen möchten, die im Rahmen unserer kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung gestellt werden, müssen Sie uns Zahlungsdaten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich Ihrer Kredit- oder Debitkartennummer, des Ablaufdatums der Karte, des CVV-Codes und der Rechnungsadresse.
Bevorzugte Einstellungen.
Wenn Sie in Ihren
Einstellungen
bestimmte Präferenzen angeben, erheben wir diese Daten, damit wir Ihre Wünsche berücksichtigen können.
Biometrische Informationen.
Wenn Sie dazu Ihre Einwilligung gegeben haben, können wir Ihre biometrischen Daten zu Sicherheits- und Identifikationszwecken erfassen und verwenden.
Stellenbewerbungen/Empfehlungen.
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten (z. B. Informationen aus Ihrer Biografie, Ihren beruflichen Werdegang, Ihren Bildungsgang, Ihre Beschäftigungspräferenzen, Fähigkeiten und Fertigkeiten oder Ihre Aktivität und Interaktionen bei der Stellensuche, zusätzlich zu den Informationen, die wir bereits gemäß dem Abschnitt „Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen“ unserer Datenschutzerklärung weiter unten erfassen) dafür erfassen und heranziehen, Ihnen potenzielle Jobs zu empfehlen, sie an potenzielle Arbeitgeber weiterzuleiten, wenn Sie sich auf eine Stelle bewerben, sodass Arbeitgeber potenzielle Kandidat*innen finden können, und Ihnen relevantere Werbung zu zeigen.
1.2 Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen.
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, erheben wir Daten darüber, wie Sie unsere Produkte und Dienste nutzen. Mithilfe dieser Daten stellen wir Ihnen Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung und tragen dazu bei, dass X sicherer und respektvoller für alle und relevanter für Sie ist.
Nutzungsinformationen.
Wir erfassen Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten auf X, darunter:
Von Ihnen gepostete Beiträge und andere Inhalte (einschließlich Datum, Anwendung und Version von X) sowie Informationen zu Ihrer Broadcast-Aktivität (z. B. Spaces), einschließlich von Ihnen erstellter Broadcasts und deren Erstellungszeitpunkt, Ihrer Listen, Lesezeichen und Communities, denen Sie angehören.
Ihre Interaktionen mit den Inhalten anderer Nutzer*innen, wie z. B. Reposts, „Gefällt mir“-Angaben, Lesezeichen, geteilten Inhalten, Downloads, Antworten, wenn andere Nutzer*innen Sie in Inhalten erwähnen oder markieren oder wenn Sie sie erwähnen oder markieren, und Broadcasts, an denen Sie teilgenommen haben (einschließlich Ihres Verlaufs in Bezug auf angesehene/angehörte Inhalte, Kommentare, Sprechbeiträge und Reaktionen).
Wie Sie mit anderen auf der Plattform interagieren, beispielsweise mit Personen, denen Sie folgen, und Personen, die Ihnen folgen, Metadaten in Bezug auf
verschlüsselte Nachrichten
und, wenn Sie
Direktnachrichten
verwenden, auch den Inhalt der Nachrichten, die Empfänger*innen sowie Datum und Uhrzeit der Nachrichten.
Wenn Sie mit uns kommunizieren, beispielsweise per E-Mail, erheben wir Daten über die Kommunikation und deren Inhalt.
Wir erheben Daten über Links, mit denen Sie in unseren Diensten interagieren (auch in den E-Mails, die wir Ihnen schicken).
Käufe und Zahlungen.
Damit Sie unter Verwendung von X-Funktionen oder -Diensten eine Zahlung tätigen oder Geld senden können, auch über einen Vermittler, erhalten wir möglicherweise Informationen zu Ihrer Transaktion, etwa wann sie getätigt wurde, wann ein Abonnement abläuft oder automatisch verlängert wird und welche Beträge gezahlt oder erhalten wurden.
Gerätedaten.
Wir erfassen Informationen von und über die Geräte, die Sie für den Zugriff auf X verwenden, darunter:
Daten über Ihre Verbindung, wie beispielsweise Ihre IP-Adresse, den Browsertyp und verwandte Informationen.
Daten über Ihr Gerät und seine Einstellungen, wie beispielsweise Geräte- und Werbe-ID, Betriebssystem, Anbieter, Sprache, Speicher, installierte Apps und Akkustand.
Das Adressbuch Ihres Geräts, wenn Sie sich dazu entschieden haben, es mit uns zu teilen.
Standortinformationen.
Wenn Sie X verwenden, erfassen wir einige Informationen zu Ihrem ungefähren Standort, um Ihnen den erwarteten Dienst bereitzustellen, einschließlich der Anzeige relevanter Werbung. Sie können auch wählen, ob Sie Ihren aktuellen genauen Standort oder Orte, an denen Sie X zuvor genutzt haben, teilen möchten, indem Sie diese Einstellungen in Ihrem Account aktivieren.
Abgeleitete Identität.
Wir können Informationen sammeln oder erhalten, die wir verwenden, um auf Ihre Identität zu schließen, wie unten beschrieben:
Wenn Sie sich mit einem Browser oder Gerät bei X anmelden, verknüpfen wir diesen Browser oder dieses Gerät mit Ihrem Account. Vorbehaltlich Ihrer Einstellungen können wir Ihren Account auch mit anderen Browsern oder Geräten verknüpfen als mit denen, die Sie für die Anmeldung bei X nutzen (oder Ihr abgemeldetes Gerät oder Ihren Browser mit anderen Browsern oder Geräten oder von X generierten Identifikatoren verknüpfen).
Wenn Sie X andere Daten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich einer E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer, verknüpfen wir diese Daten mit Ihrem X Account. Vorbehaltlich Ihrer Einstellungen können wir anhand dieser Daten auch andere Daten über Ihre Identität ableiten, zum Beispiel indem wir Ihren Account mit Hashes von E-Mail-Adressen verknüpfen, die gemeinsame Komponenten mit der E-Mail-Adresse haben, die Sie X zur Verfügung gestellt haben.
Wenn Sie auf X zugreifen und nicht angemeldet sind, können wir anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten Rückschlüsse auf Ihre Identität ziehen.
Protokollinformationen.
Wenn Sie Inhalte auf unseren Produkten und Diensten ansehen oder auf andere Weise mit ihnen interagieren, erhalten wir möglicherweise Informationen, auch wenn Sie keinen Account erstellt haben oder abgemeldet sind, beispielsweise:
IP-Adresse und zugehörige Informationen; Browsertyp und -sprache; Betriebssystem; die verweisende Webseite; Zugriffszeiten; besuchte Seiten; Standort; Ihr Mobilfunkanbieter; Geräteinformationen (einschließlich Geräte- und Anwendungs-IDs); Suchbegriffe und IDs (einschließlich derjenigen, die nicht als Abfragen übermittelt wurden); Ihnen auf X angezeigte Anzeigen; von X generierte Kennungen; und mit Cookies verknüpfte Kennungen. Wir erhalten Protokolldaten auch, wenn Sie auf Links in unseren Diensten klicken, sich diese ansehen oder mit ihnen interagieren, u. a. wenn Sie eine andere Applikation über X installieren.
Werbung.
Wenn Sie Werbung ansehen oder mit ihr interagieren, die wir auf oder außerhalb von X bereitstellen, erfassen wir möglicherweise Informationen zu diesen Ansichten oder Interaktionen (z. B. Ansehen einer Videoanzeige oder eines Prerolls, Anklicken einer Anzeige, Interagieren mit Reposts oder Antworten auf eine Anzeige).
Cookies und ähnliche Technologien.
Wie viele Websites verwenden wir Cookies und ähnliche Technologien, um zusätzliche Daten zur Website-Nutzung zu sammeln und unsere Dienste zu betreiben. Für viele Teile unserer Produkte und Dienste, wie etwa die Suche und Anzeige öffentlicher Profile, sind Cookies nicht erforderlich. Weitere Informationen zur Verwendung von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien finden Sie
hier
.
Interaktionen mit unseren Inhalten auf Websites Dritter.
Wenn Sie sich unsere Inhalte auf Websites von Dritten ansehen, die X Inhalte wie eingebettete Timelines oder Buttons zum Posten integrieren, können wir Protokolldaten erhalten, einschließlich der von Ihnen besuchten Webseite.
1.3 Daten, die wir von Dritten erhalten.
Wenn Sie andere Online-Produkte und -Dienste nutzen, können sie Daten über diese Nutzung an uns weitergeben.
Werbepartner, Entwickler, Verleger.
Unsere Werbe- und Geschäftspartner geben Daten wie Browser-Cookie-IDs, von X generierte Identifikatoren,
IDs von Mobilgeräten, gehashte Nutzerdaten wie E-Mail-Adressen, demografische Daten oder Interessensdaten sowie auf einer Website oder App angesehene Inhalte oder durchgeführte Aktionen an uns weiter. Einige unserer Werbepartner, insbesondere unsere Werbekunden, ermöglichen es uns auch, ähnliche Daten direkt von ihrer Website oder App zu erheben, indem sie unsere Werbetechnologie integrieren. Daten, die von Werbepartnern und verbundenen Unternehmen weitergegeben oder von X von den Websites und Apps der Werbepartner und verbundenen Unternehmen erhoben werden, können mit den anderen Daten kombiniert werden, die Sie mit X teilen und die X erhält,
generiert oder
über Sie ableitet, wie an anderer Stelle in diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben.
Andere Dritte, Account-Verbindungen und Integrationen.
Wir können Daten über Sie von Dritten erhalten, die nicht unsere Werbepartner sind, wie beispielsweise von anderen X Nutzer*innen, Entwickler*innen und Partner*innen, die uns helfen, die Sicherheit und Qualität von Inhalten auf unserer Plattform zu bewerten, von unseren
verbundenen Unternehmen
und von anderen Diensten, die Sie mit Ihrem X Account verknüpfen. Sie können sich entscheiden, Ihren X Account mit Ihrem Account bei einem anderen Dienst zu verbinden und dieser andere Dienst kann uns Daten über Ihren Account bei diesem Dienst senden.
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
Aufgrund der Funktionsweise der Systeme, die unsere Dienste für Sie anbieten, ist es nicht einfach, die Verwendung der von uns erhobenen Daten aufzuschlüsseln. So kann beispielsweise dieselbe Dateninformation in verschiedener Art und Weise für verschiedene Zwecke verwendet werden, damit letztlich ein einziger Dienst erbracht werden kann. Am zweckdienlichsten ist es wahrscheinlich, die fünf wichtigsten Arten und Weisen zu erläutern, in der wir Daten verwenden. Wenn Sie Fragen haben, die nicht beantwortet werden, können Sie uns jederzeit
kontaktieren
. Mehr im Folgenden:
2.1 Betreiben, Verbessern und Personalisieren unserer Dienste.
Die von uns erhobenen Daten nutzen wir zur Bereitstellung und zum Betrieb der X Produkte und Dienste. Außerdem verbessern und personalisieren wir mit den erhobenen Daten unsere Produkte und Dienste, damit Sie ein besseres Erlebnis auf X haben, u. a. indem wir Ihnen relevantere Inhalte und Werbung zeigen, Ihnen Personen und Themen vorschlagen, denen Sie folgen können, und Ihnen helfen,
verbundene Unternehmen
, Apps von Dritten und Dienste zu entdecken. Wir können die Daten, die wir erheben, und öffentlich verfügbare Daten zum Training unserer Modelle für Maschinenlernen oder künstliche Intelligenz für die in dieser Richtlinie dargelegten Zwecke heranziehen.
Wir können die Daten, die wir von Accounts anderer Dienste erheben, bei denen Sie sich zur Verknüpfung mit Ihrem X Accounts entschieden haben, heranziehen, damit wir Ihnen Funktionen wie dienstübergreifendes Posting oder dienstübergreifende Authentifizierung bieten und unsere Dienste betreiben können.
Anhand Ihrer Kontaktdaten helfen wir anderen, Ihren Account zu finden, wenn Ihre Einstellungen dies zulassen, u. a. über Dienste von Dritten und Client-Applikationen.
Vorbehaltlich Ihrer
Einstellungen
stellen wir mithilfe Ihrer Daten unsere Dienste für Werbung und gesponserte Inhalte bereit, was dabei hilft, die Werbeanzeigen auf X für Sie relevanter zu gestalten. Anhand dieser Daten messen wir auch die Effektivität von Werbeanzeigen und helfen, Ihre Geräte zu erkennen, damit wir Werbeanzeigen auf und außerhalb von X für Sie schalten können. Einige unserer Werbepartner ermöglichen es uns auch, ähnliche Daten direkt von ihrer Website oder App zu erheben, indem sie unsere Werbetechnologie integrieren. Daten, die von Werbepartnern und verbundenen Unternehmen weitergegeben oder von X von den Websites und Apps der Werbepartner und verbundenen Unternehmen erhoben werden, können mit den anderen Daten kombiniert werden, die Sie mit X teilen und die X erhält, generiert oder über Sie ableitet, wie an anderer Stelle in unseren Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben.
2.2  Sicherheit und Schutz fördern.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten sorgen wir für den Schutz und die Sicherheit unserer Nutzer*innen, unserer Produkte, unserer Dienste und Ihres Accounts. Dazu gehören die Überprüfung Ihrer Identität, die Authentifizierung Ihres Accounts und die Abwehr von Betrug, unbefugter Nutzung und illegalen Aktivitäten. Außerdem bewerten und beeinflussen wir mithilfe der Daten die Sicherheit und Qualität der Inhalte auf X. Das beinhaltet die Untersuchung und Durchsetzung unserer Richtlinien und AGB sowie des geltenden Rechts.
2.3 Messen, Analysieren und Verbessern unserer Dienst.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten messen und analysieren wir die Effektivität unserer Produkte und Dienste und lernen besser verstehen, wie Sie sie nutzen, damit wir sie weiter verbessern können.
2.4 Kommunikation mit Ihnen über unsere Dienste.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten kommunizieren wir mit Ihnen über unsere Produkte und Dienste, u. a. über Produktaktualisierungen und Änderungen unserer Richtlinien und AGB. Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, können wir Ihnen auch gelegentlich Marketingnachrichten schicken.
2.5 Forschung.
Anhand der Daten, die Sie uns mitteilen oder die wir erheben, führen wir Forschung, Umfragen, Produkttests und Fehlerbehebungen durch, die uns helfen, unsere Produkte und Dienste zu betreiben und zu verbessern.
3. Weitergabe von Daten
Sie sollten wissen, auf welche Weise wir Ihre Daten weitergeben, warum wir sie weitergeben und wie Sie dies beeinflussen können. Es gibt fünf grundsätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir Ihre Daten weitergeben.
3.1 Wenn Sie posten und teilen.
An die breite Öffentlichkeit
. Sie weisen uns an, diese Daten so weit wie möglich offenzulegen. Die Inhalte von X, einschließlich Ihrer Profildaten (z. B. Name/Pseudonym, Nutzername, Profilbilder), sind für die breite Öffentlichkeit zur Ansicht zugänglich. Die Öffentlichkeit muss sich nicht anmelden, um einen Teil der Inhalte auf X zu sehen. X Inhalte sind auch außerhalb von X auffindbar, zum Beispiel über die Ergebnisse von Suchanfragen in Internet-Suchmaschinen oder in Videos, die heruntergeladen und anderswo geteilt wurden (abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
).
An andere X Nutzer*innen.
Abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
und basierend auf den X Produkten und Diensten, die Sie nutzen, geben wir Folgendes weiter:
Ihre Interaktionen mit X-Inhalten anderer Benutzer, z. B. Antworten und Personen, denen Sie folgen.
Inhalte, die Sie an bestimmte X Nutzer*innen senden, wie beispielsweise über
Direktnachrichten
. Zur Beachtung: Wenn Sie Daten wie Direktnachrichten oder geschützte Posts mit einer Person geteilt haben, die über einen Dienst eines Dritten auf X zugreift, können die Daten an den Dienst des Dritten weitergegeben werden.
An Partner.
Abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
stellen wir auch bestimmten Dritten Daten zur Verfügung, damit sie uns beim Angebot oder Betrieb unserer Produkte und Dienste unterstützen. In unserem
Hilfe-Center
erfahren Sie mehr über diese Partnerschaften. Ob X Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an diese Partner weitergibt, steuern Sie über die Option „Datenaustausch mit Geschäftspartnern“ in Ihren
Einstellungen für Datenschutz und Sicherheit
. (Diese Einstellung steuert nicht die Weitergabe, die an anderer Stelle in diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben wird, wie beispielsweise wenn wir Daten mit unseren Dienstleistern oder durch andere als die in diesem
Hilfe-Center
-Artikel beschriebenen Partnerschaften teilen.)
3.2 Mit Drittanbietern und Drittanbieterintegrationen.
An Dienstleister.
Wir können Ihre Daten an unsere
Dienstleister
weitergeben, die in unserem Auftrag Funktionen und Dienste erbringen, u.a. Zahlungsdienstleister, die Zahlungen ermöglichen; Servicepartner, die unsere verschiedenen Blogs und Wikis hosten; Servicepartner, die uns helfen, die Nutzung unserer Dienste zu verstehen, Anbieter von Bewerberverfolgungssystemen, die Bewerber- und Stellendaten an mögliche Arbeitgeber versenden und von ihnen enthalten, und solche, die Betrugserkennungsdienste anbieten.
An Werbekunden.
Werbeeinnahmen ermöglichen es uns, unsere Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen. Werbekunden können Daten aus Ihrer Interaktion mit ihren Werbeanzeigen auf oder außerhalb von X erhalten. Wenn Sie beispielsweise in unseren Diensten auf einen externen Link oder eine Werbeanzeige klicken, kann der Werbekunde oder der Betreiber der Website herausfinden, dass Sie von X gekommen sind, zusammen mit anderen Daten, die mit der Werbeanzeige, auf die Sie geklickt haben, verknüpft sind, wie beispielsweise Merkmale der Zielgruppe, die damit erreicht werden sollte, und andere von X generierte Identifikatoren für diese Werbeanzeige. Sie können auch andere personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen erheben, wie beispielsweise Cookie-Identifikatoren oder Ihre IP-Adresse.
Inhalte und Integrationen von Dritten.
Wir geben Ihre Daten mit Ihrer Einwilligung oder auf Ihre Anweisung hin weiter oder legen diese offen, beispielsweise wenn Sie
einen Web-Client oder eine Applikation eines Dritten autorisieren
, auf Ihren Account zuzugreifen, oder uns anweisen, Ihr Feedback an ein Unternehmen weiterzugeben. Gleichfalls arbeiten wir zur Verbesserung Ihrer Nutzung mit Dritten zusammen, damit ihre Videoinhalte auf X angezeigt oder Inhalte plattformübergreifend geteilt werden können. Wenn Sie sich Inhalte unserer Videopartner oder plattformübergreifenden Partner ansehen oder anderweitig mit diesen interagieren, können diese Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erhalten und verarbeiten, wie in ihren Datenschutzerklärungen beschrieben. Für Videoinhalte können Sie Ihre
Autoplay-Einstellungen
anpassen, wenn Sie möchten, dass die Inhalte nicht automatisch abgespielt werden.
Kooperation mit Dritten.
Wenn Sie die entsprechenden
Einstellungen
vorgenommen haben oder sich dazu entschließen, Ihre Daten weiterzugeben, können wir Ihre Informationen an Dritte weitergeben oder offenlegen. Wenn Sie sich nicht abmelden, können die Empfänger der Informationen diese in einigen Fällen zusätzlich zu den in der Datenschutzrichtlinie von X genannten Zwecken auch für ihre eigenen unabhängigen Zwecke verwenden, darunter beispielsweise zum Trainieren ihrer Modelle künstlicher Intelligenz, ob generativ oder anderweitig.
Durch unsere APIs.
Wir verwenden Technologien wie
APIs
und Einbettungen zur Bereitstellung öffentlicher X Daten für Websites, Apps und andere zu ihrer Nutzung, zum Beispiel damit Posts auf einer Nachrichten-Website angezeigt werden können oder damit analysiert werden kann, was Personen auf X äußern. Wir stellen diese Inhalte in der Regel in begrenztem Umfang kostenlos zur Verfügung und erheben Lizenzgebühren für den Zugriff in großem Umfang. Wir haben
Standard
-Geschäftsbedingungen, die regeln, wie diese Daten verwendet werden können, und ein Compliance-Programm zur Durchsetzung dieser Bedingungen. Diese Personen und Unternehmen sind jedoch nicht mit X verbunden und ihre Angebote spiegeln möglicherweise nicht die Aktualisierungen wider, die Sie auf X vornehmen. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir der Welt öffentliche Daten auf X zur Verfügung stellen, finden Sie unter
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 In Fällen, in denen es gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist, zur Verhinderung von Schaden oder im öffentlichen Interesse.
Wir können Ihre Daten aufbewahren, verwenden, weitergeben oder offenlegen, wenn wir glauben, dass es für einen der folgenden Zwecke vernünftigerweise notwendig ist:
zur Einhaltung eines Gesetzes, einer Verordnung oder
zur Erfüllung eines rechtsgültigen Verfahrens oder einer behördlichen Anfrage
zum Schutz der Sicherheit einer Person, zum Schutz der Sicherheit oder Integrität unserer Plattform, u. a. zur Verhinderung von Spam, Missbrauch oder böswilligen Akteuren auf unseren Diensten
Erklären, warum wir Inhalte oder Konten aus unseren Diensten entfernt haben (z. B. wegen eines Verstoßes gegen
unsere Regeln
);
zur Lösung von Problemen mit Betrug und Sicherheit oder technischen Problemen
zum Schutz unserer Rechte oder unseres Eigentum oder der Rechte oder des Eigentums der Personen, die unsere Dienste nutzen
Wir können außerdem verschiedene Signale und Ihre Daten zur Ableitung, Aufbewahrung, Nutzung, Weiterleitung oder Offenlegung Ihres Alter und Ihrer Identitätsinformationen heranziehen, damit wir gesetzliche Vorschriften einhalten können sowie je nach Sachlage im Interesse von Sicherheit, Schutz, Betrugsbekämpfung, Sorgfaltspflichten in Bezug auf Kund*innen und Unternehmen sowie zur Identitätsprüfung. Zu diesen Zwecken können wir Ihre Alters- und Identitätsinformationen auch an unsere Partner, Dienstanbieter und andere weitergeben oder offenlegen.
3.4 An unsere verbundenen Unternehmen.
Wir können Daten an unsere
verbundenen Unternehmen
weitergeben, damit unsere Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung gestellt werden können.
3.5 Änderung der Eigentumsverhältnisse.
Wir können Daten über Sie in Verbindung mit einer Fusion, Übernahme, Reorganisation, einem Verkauf von Vermögenswerten oder einem Konkurs weitergeben, verkaufen oder übertragen. Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die (vor und nach dem Abschluss einer Transaktion) an das neue Unternehmen weitergegeben oder übertragen werden.
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
Wir bewahren verschiedene Arten von Informationen für unterschiedlich lange Zeiträume auf, abhängig davon, wie lange wir sie benötigen, damit wir Ihnen unsere Produkte und Dienste bereitstellen und unseren gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen nachkommen können, sowie aus Sicherheitsgründen. Zum Beispiel:
Wir speichern Ihre Profilinformationen wie Ihren Anzeigenamen, Benutzernamen, Ihr Passwort und Ihre E-Mail-Adresse für die Dauer Ihres Kontos. Ohne die Speicherung dieser Informationen können wir Ihnen unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen nicht bereitstellen.
Wir speichern Ihre Nutzungsinformationen, beispielsweise die von Ihnen veröffentlichten Inhalte, Ihre Interaktionen mit den Inhalten anderer Nutzer*innen und Ihre Interaktion mit anderen auf der Plattform, solange Ihr Account besteht oder bis diese Inhalte entfernt werden.
Wir speichern Ihre Zahlungsinformationen, einschließlich Ihrer Kredit- oder Debitkartennummer und Rechnungsadresse, für die Dauer, in der Sie unsere kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste nutzen. Aufzeichnungen von Transaktionen werden im Einklang mit geltendem Recht länger aufbewahrt.
Wenn Sie mit uns kommunizieren, beispielsweise per E-Mail, bewahren wir Informationen über die Kommunikation und deren Inhalt bis zu 18 Monate lang auf, es sei denn, wir müssen sie für einen längeren Zeitraum aufbewahren, um unseren gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen oder unsere gesetzlichen Rechte auszuüben oder zu verteidigen.
Wir erfassen Geräteinformationen, Standortinformationen, abgeleitete Identitätsinformationen und Protokollinformationen im Allgemeinen mithilfe von Cookies. Wir bewahren Cookies und mithilfe von Cookies erfasste Informationen bis zu 13 Monate lang auf. Weitere Informationen zur Verwendung von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien finden Sie
hier
.
Informationen zu Ihren Ansichten oder Interaktionen mit Anzeigen mit oder ohne X sowie zu Ihrer Interaktion mit unseren Inhalten auf Websites von Drittanbietern speichern wir bis zu 90 Tage lang.
Wir speichern von Werbe- und Geschäftspartnern weitergegebene Informationen bis zu 90 Tage lang.
Wenn Sie gegen unsere Regeln verstoßen und Ihr Account gesperrt wird, können wir die Identifikatoren, die Sie zur Erstellung des Accounts verwendet haben (z. B. E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer), auf unbestimmte Zeit speichern. Dadurch wollen wir verhindern, dass Wiederholungstäter*innen neue Accounts erstellen.
Um gesetzliche Anforderungen zu erfüllen und aus Sicherheitsgründen müssen wir bestimmte Informationen möglicherweise länger aufbewahren, als in unseren Richtlinien angegeben. Zum Beispiel:
Damit wir einem Gesetz, einer Verordnung, einem rechtsgültigen Verfahren oder einer behördlichen Anfrage nachkommen können.
Darunter fällt die Erfüllung einer rechtlich angemessenen Aufbewahrungsanfrage von Strafverfolgungsbehörden. Weitere Informationen zum Zugriff durch Strafverfolgungsbehörden finden Sie
hier
.
Im Zusammenhang mit Rechtsansprüchen, Rechtsstreitigkeiten und behördlichen Angelegenheiten.
Einschließlich der Fälle, in denen es vernünftigerweise notwendig ist, Informationen zu Ihrem Konto aufzubewahren, um X gegen Rechtsansprüche zu verteidigen.
Um die Sicherheit unserer Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu gewährleisten.
Einschließlich der Fälle, in denen es erforderlich ist, Ihre Daten länger zu speichern, um den Missbrauch unserer Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu untersuchen und zu bekämpfen.
Bedenken Sie, dass öffentliche Inhalte auch nach ihrer Entfernung von X noch woanders vorhanden sein können. Suchmaschinen und andere Drittanbieter können beispielsweise Kopien Ihrer Beiträge auf Grundlage ihrer eigenen Datenschutzrichtlinien länger aufbewahren, selbst nachdem sie auf X gelöscht wurden oder abgelaufen sind. Weitere Informationen zur Suchsichtbarkeit finden Sie
hier
.
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
5.1 Zugriff, Berichtigung, Übertragbarkeit.
Sie können auf die Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung gestellt haben, zugreifen, sie berichtigen oder ändern, indem Sie Ihr Profil bearbeiten und Ihre Account-
Einstellungen
anpassen.
Unter
Deine X Daten
erfahren Sie mehr über die Daten, die wir über Sie erhoben oder abgeleitet haben.
Hier
können Sie Zugriff auf weitere Daten anfordern.
Sie können eine Kopie Ihrer Daten, z. B. Ihrer Posts, herunterladen, indem Sie den Anweisungen
hier
folgen.
Zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre und zur Aufrechterhaltung der Sicherheit ergreifen wir Maßnahmen zur Überprüfung Ihrer Identität, bevor wir Ihnen Auskunft über Ihre personenbezogenen Daten gewähren oder einem Antrag auf Löschung, Übertragbarkeit oder einem anderen damit zusammenhängenden Antrag nachkommen. In bestimmten Situationen können wir Ihren Antrag auf Zugriff, Berichtigung oder Übertragbarkeit ablehnen, z. B. wenn Sie Ihre Identität nicht nachweisen können.
5.2 Löschung Ihrer Daten.
Wenn Sie den Anweisungen
hier
folgen, wird Ihr Account deaktiviert und Ihre Daten werden in eine Warteschlange zur Löschung gestellt. Ist Ihr X Account deaktiviert, sind der Account, Ihr Anzeigename, Ihr Nutzername und Ihr öffentliches Profil auf X.com, in X für iOS und in X für Android nicht mehr sichtbar. Bis zu 30 Tage nach der Deaktivierung ist eine Wiederherstellung Ihres X Accounts möglich, falls er versehentlich oder fälschlich deaktiviert wurde.
5.3 Widerspruch, Einschränkung oder Rückzug Ihrer Einwilligung.
Hier
können Sie Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen und andere Account-Funktionen verwalten. Wenn Sie Ihre Einstellungen ändern, kann es einige Zeit dauern, bis Ihre Auswahl in unseren Systemen vollständig umgesetzt ist. Abhängig davon, welche Einstellungen Sie angepasst haben, können Sie auch Änderungen bei Ihrer X Nutzung oder Einschränkungen beim Zugriff auf bestimmte Funktionen feststellen. Sie können auch zusätzliche Einstellungen verwalten, wenn Sie mit bestimmten Inhalten und Funktionen in verschiedenen Teilen der Plattform interagieren, z. B. ob ein
Space
aufgezeichnet wird oder ob
Videos, die Sie hochladen,
von anderen heruntergeladen werden können.
5.4 Anfragen von bevollmächtigten Vertreter*innen.
Wenn Sie eine Anfrage bezüglich des Zugriffs, der Berichtigung oder der Löschung Ihrer Daten oder der Daten einer anderen Person, deren bevollmächtigte*r Vertreter*in Sie sind, stellen möchten, können Sie sich auch mit der Methode an uns wenden, die im Abschnitt „Wie kann ich X kontaktieren?“ unserer Datenschutzrichtlinien unten beschrieben ist. Wir können von Ihnen verlangen, dass Sie zusätzliche Daten zur Überprüfung zur Verfügung stellen.
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
Wir stellen X Personen auf der ganzen Welt zur Verfügung und bieten allen unseren Nutzer*innen, unabhängig von ihrem Wohnort, viele der gleichen Datenschutz-Tools und Kontrollmöglichkeiten. Es kann jedoch sein, dass sich Ihre Nutzung etwas anders gestaltet als für Nutzer*innen in anderen Ländern. Das soll sicherstellen, dass X die lokalen Anforderungen respektiert.
6.1 Wir stützen uns bei der Nutzung Ihrer Daten auf bestimmte Rechtsgrundlagen.
X hat die Rechtsgrundlagen, auf deren Grundlage es X erlaubt ist, Ihre Daten zu erheben, zu verwenden, weiterzugeben und anderweitig zu verarbeiten, sorgfältig geprüft. Wenn Sie mehr erfahren und die Feinheiten besser verstehen möchten, empfehlen wir Ihnen, sich diese
zusätzlichen Informationen über die Datenverarbeitung
anzusehen. Und nein, wir verkaufen Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht.
6.2 Wir verlagern Ihre Daten, damit X für Sie funktioniert.
So wie Sie sich mit X nahtlos an globalen Konversationen mit Personen in Ländern auf der ganzen Welt beteiligen, muss X Daten über Grenzen hinweg und in verschiedene Länder auf der ganzen Welt verlagern, damit der sichere und zuverlässige Dienst, auf den Sie sich verlassen, möglich wird. Wenn Sie zum Beispiel in Europa leben und eine Konversation mit jemandem in den USA führen, müssen Daten zwischen diesen Ländern ausgetauscht werden, damit die Konversation möglich wird. Das ist es, was Sie von uns erwarten.
Wir nutzen auch Rechenzentren und Cloud-Anbieter und beauftragen
unsere verbundenen Unternehmen
sowie Dritte und
Dienstleister
in vielen Teilen der Welt, damit sie uns bei der Bereitstellung unserer Dienste helfen. Bevor wir Daten zwischen Ländern übertragen, prüfen wir die Risiken, die für die Daten bestehen können, und verlassen uns, sofern zutreffend, auf
Standardvertragsklauseln
(SCCs), um sicherzustellen, dass Ihre Datenschutzrechte geschützt sind. Um eine Kopie der SCCs anzufordern, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte
hier
. Wenn Daten an Dritte weitergegeben werden, verlangen wir von ihnen, dass sie den gleichen Schutz für Ihre Daten gewährleisten, wie wir selbst bieten.
X ist an Datenschutz-Rahmenvereinbarungen (Data Privacy Frameworks, DPF) zwischen der EU und den USA und zwischen der Schweiz und den USA und an der Ausweitung des EU-US PDF auf das Vereinigte Königreich
beteiligt
. X beachtet bei jeglicher Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten, die aus der Europäischen Union, der Schweiz und dem Vereinigten Königreich stammen, die DPF-Prinzipien in Bezug auf die DPF zwischen der EU und den USA bzw. der Schweiz und den USA bzw. in Bezug auf die Ausweitung des EU-US PDF auf das Vereinigte Königreich. Wenn Sie eine Anfrage oder Beschwerde bezüglich unserer Teilnahme am DPF haben, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte
hier
. Im Rahmen unserer Beteiligung an den DPF versuchen wir bei Streitigkeiten zwischen Ihnen und uns in Bezug auf unsere Einhaltung der DPF-Prinzipien, diese durch unser internes Beschwerdeverfahren zu lösen, alternativ durch die in den USA basierte unabhängige Schlichtungsstelle
JAMS
, und unter bestimmten Bedingungen durch das DPF-Schlichtungsverfahren anhand der Verfahren und gemäß den Bedingungen, die in
Anhang 1
zu den DPF-Prinzipien beschrieben sind. DPF-Teilnehmer unterliegen den Untersuchungs- und Durchsetzungsbefugnissen der US-amerikanischen Federal Trade Commission und anderer autorisierter gesetzlicher Stellen. Unter bestimmten Umständen können die beteiligten Parteien für die Übertragung personenbezogener Daten aus der EU, der Schweiz und dem Vereinigten Königreich an Dritte außerhalb der EU, der Schweiz und des Vereinigten Königreichs haftbar sein. Weitere Informationen zum EU-US-DPF, zum Schweiz-US-DPF und zur britischen Erweiterung des EU-US-DPF
finden Sie hier
.
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
Die aktuellste Version dieser Datenschutzerklärung regelt unsere Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten und wir können diese Datenschutzerklärung gelegentlich nach Bedarf überarbeiten.
Wenn wir diese Datenschutzrichtlinien überarbeiten und Änderungen vornehmen, die wir als wesentlich erachten, werden wir Sie darüber informieren und Ihnen die Möglichkeit geben, die überarbeiteten Datenschutzrichtlinien zu überprüfen, bevor Sie X weiter nutzen.
9. Allgemein
Die X Datenschutzrichtlinien sind auf Englisch verfasst, werden aber durch Übersetzungen in mehreren Sprachen verfügbar gemacht. X strebt an, dass die Übersetzungen die englische Originalversion so genau wie möglich wiedergeben. Im Falle von Abweichungen oder Unstimmigkeiten hat jedoch die englischsprachige Version der X Datenschutzrichtlinien Vorrang. Sie erkennen an, dass Englisch die Referenzsprache für die Interpretation und Konstruktion der Bedingungen der X Datenschutzrichtlinien ist.
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
Wir möchten von Ihnen hören, wenn Sie Gedanken oder Fragen zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben. Sie können uns über unsere Seite für
Anfragen zum Datenschutz
kontaktieren oder uns an die unten angegebene Adresse schreiben.
Informationen zu unserer Handhabung von Anfragen im Rahmen des California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) finden Sie
hier
. Informationen zur Handhabung von „Consumer Health Data“ und zu zugehörigen Anfragen, wie sie im „My Health My Data Act“ des US-Bundesstaates Washington und in anderen, ähnlichen Gesetzen von US-Bundesstaaten definiert sind, finden Sie
hier
.
Wenn Sie in den USA oder einem anderen Land außerhalb der Europäischen Union, der EFTA-Staaten oder des Vereinigten Königreichs leben, ist der für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten Verantwortliche X Corp. unter folgender Adresse:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
Wenn Sie in der Europäischen Union, den EFTA-Staaten oder dem Vereinigten Königreich leben, ist der Datenverantwortliche, der für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verantwortlich ist, Twitter International Unlimited Company mit der folgenden Adresse:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRLAND
Wenn Sie in der Schweiz wohnen, können Sie unseren Vertreter auch unter der folgenden Adresse kontaktieren:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
Wenn Sie Bedenken bezüglich unserer
Datenverarbeitungspraktiken
äußern möchten, haben Sie das Recht, sich über die auf ihrer Website aufgelisteten
Kontaktdaten
an Ihre örtliche Aufsichtsbehörde oder an die federführende Aufsichtsbehörde der Twitter International Unlimited Company, die Irish Data Protection Commission, zu wenden.
Vorherige Erklärungen anzeigen
Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle über Ihre Privatsphäre
Einstellungen anpassen
Cookies… aber nicht zum Essen...
X und seine Partner möchten dir mit Cookies einen besseren, sichereren und
  schnelleren Service bieten und unser Geschäft unterstützen. Einige Cookies sind erforderlich,
  wenn du unsere Services nutzen möchtest, verbessern unsere Services und sorgen dafür, dass sie korrekt funktionieren.
Mehr über deine Wahlmöglichkeiten erfahren
.
Alle Cookies akzeptieren
Unwesentliche Cookies ablehnen
Sub-policy 1
http://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024 |
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Instagram on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Instagram, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Instagram on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Instagram, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies