Privacy Policy
Ovatu Pty Ltd Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out our commitment to protecting the privacy of personal information provided to us, or otherwise collected by us, offline or online, including through this website (
Site
) and software available on this Site or via or our application (
Software
). In this Privacy Policy
we
,
us
or
our
means Ovatu Pty Ltd ABN 92 159 394 484 ATF Ovatu Trading Trust ABN 74 504 757 106, its successors and assignees. When we collect, store and use your personal information, we do so in accordance with the rules set down in the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and by the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/279 (the
GDPR
).
Personal information:
The types of personal information or personal data we may collect about you include:
your name;
your business name;
images;
your contact details, including email address, mailing address, street address and/or telephone number;
your age and/or date of birth;
your demographic information, such as postcode;
your preferences and/or opinions;
information you provide to us through customer surveys;
details of products and services we have provided to you and/or that you have enquired about, and our response to you;
your browser session and geo-location data, device and network information, statistics on page views and sessions, acquisition sources, search queries and/or browsing behaviour;
information about your access and use of our Site, including through the use of Internet cookies, your communications with our Site, the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using and the domain name of your Internet service provider;
additional personal information that you provide to us, directly or indirectly, through your use of our Site, Software, associated applications, associated social media platforms and/or accounts from which you permit us to collect information; and
any other personal information requested by us and/or provided by you or a third party.
We may collect these types of personal information directly from you or from third parties.
We may collect, hold, use and disclose personal information for the following purposes:
to enable you to access and use our Site, Software, associated applications and associated social media platforms;
to contact and communicate with you;
for internal record keeping and administrative purposes;
for analytics, market research and business development, including to operate and improve our Site, Software, associated applications and associated social media platforms;
to run competitions and/or offer additional benefits to you;
for advertising and marketing, including to send you promotional information about our products and services and information about third parties that we consider may be of interest to you;
to comply with our legal obligations and resolve any disputes that we may have; and
to consider your employment application.
We may disclose personal information to:
third party service providers for the purpose of enabling them to provide their services, including (without limitation) IT service providers, data storage, web-hosting and server providers, debt collectors, maintenance or problem-solving providers, marketing or advertising providers, professional advisors and payment systems operators;
our employees, contractors and/or related entities;
our existing or potential agents or business partners;
payment systems operators;
sponsors or promoters of any competition we run;
anyone to whom our business or assets (or any part of them) are, or may (in good faith) be, transferred;
credit reporting agencies, courts, tribunals and regulatory authorities, in the event you fail to pay for goods or services we have provided to you;
courts, tribunals, regulatory authorities and law enforcement officers, as required by law, in connection with any actual or prospective legal proceedings, or in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights; and
third parties, including agents or sub-contractors, who assist us in providing information, products, services or direct marketing to you. This may include parties located, or that store data, outside of Australia including the United States of America; and
third parties to collect and process data, such as Google Analytics, fabric.io or other relevant businesses. This may include parties that store data outside of Australia including in the United States of America.
Where we disclose your personal information to third parties, including data processors, we will request that the third party handle your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The third party will only process your personal information in accordance with written instructions from us and we require that the third party either complies with the privacy shield principles set out in the GDPR or another mechanism set out by applicable EU & Swiss data protection laws for the transfer and processing of personal information. When we refer to ‘processing’ in this clause and this Privacy Policy in general, we mean any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal information, whether or not by automated means, such as collecting, recording, organising, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available personal information.
By providing us with personal information, you consent to the disclosure of your personal information to third parties who reside outside Australia and, if you are a European Union (EU) citizen, to third parties that reside outside the EU. Where the disclosure of your personal information is solely subject to Australian privacy laws (and not subject to the GDPR), you acknowledge that we are not required to ensure that those third parties comply with Australian privacy laws.
Sensitive information is a sub-set of personal information that is given a higher level of protection under the Australian Privacy Principles.
Sensitive information
means information relating to your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion, trade union or other professional associations or memberships, philosophical beliefs, sexual orientation, sexual practices or sex life, criminal records, health information or biometric information.
Provided you consent, your sensitive information may only be used and disclosed for purposes relating to the primary purpose for which the sensitive information was collected.
Sensitive information may also be used or disclosed if required or authorised by law.
Controllers are defined by the GDPR as natural or legal persons, a public authority, agency or other body to which personal information or personal data has been disclosed, whether via a third party or not, and who determines the purposes and means of processing personal information. We are a collector under the GDPR as we collect, use and store your personal information to enable us to provide you with our goods and/or services.
As a collector, we have certain obligations under the GDPR when collecting, storing and using the personal information of EU citizens. If you are an EU citizen, your personal data will:
be processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner by us;
only be collected for the specific purposes we have identified in the ‘collection and use of personal information’ clause above and personal information will not be further processed in a manner that is incompatible with the purposes we have identified;
be collected in a way that is adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purpose for which the personal information is processed;
be kept up to date, where it is possible and within our control to do so (please let us know if you would like us to correct any of your personal information);
be kept in a form which permits us to identify you, but only for so long as necessary for the purposes for which the personal data was collected;
be processed securely and in a way that protects against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage.
We also apply these principles to the way we collect, store and use the personal information of our Australian customers or clients.
Specifically, we have the following measures in place, in accordance with the GDPR:
Data protection policies:
We have internal policies in place which set out where and how we collect personal information, how it is stored and where it goes after we get it, in order to protect your personal information.
Right to ask us to erase your personal information:
You may us to erase personal information we hold about you.
Right to ask us to restrict data processing:
You may ask us to limit the processing of your personal information where you believe that the personal information we hold about you is wrong (to give us enough time to verify if the information needs to be changed), or where processing data is unlawful and you request us to restrict the processing of personal information rather than it being erased.
Maintain Records of Processing Activities:
Notification of data breaches:
We will comply with the GDPR in respect of any data breach.
Where we are a processor, we have contracts containing certain prescribed terms in our contracts with controllers. Depending on circumstances, we can be a controller or processor or controller and processor. In addition to:
our contractual obligations with controllers (where we are solely a processor); and
our legal obligations under the GDPR as a controller (where we are both a controller and processor) as a processor we also have the following direct responsibilities:
not to use a sub-processor without the prior written authorisation of the data controller;
to co-operate with supervisory authorities;
to ensure the security of its processing;
to keep records of processing activities;
to notify any personal data breaches to the data controller; and
to employ a data protection officer and appoint (in writing) a representative within the European Union if required by the GDPR. (These are not required for the company at the present time).
To the extent the GDPR applies to our processing of your personal data, you agree that the GDPR Data Processing Schedule set out on our Site governs such processing.
Choice and consent:
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By providing personal information to us, you consent to us collecting, holding, using and disclosing your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you are under 16 years of age, you must have and have, and warrant to the extent permitted by law to us that you have, your parent or legal guardian’s permission to access and use the Site and they (your parents or guardian) have consented to you providing us with your personal information. You do not have to provide personal information to us, however, if you do not, it may affect your use of this Site or the products and/or services offered on or through it.
Information from third parties:
If we receive personal information about you from a third party, we will protect it as set out in this Privacy Policy. If you are a third party providing personal information about somebody else, you represent and warrant that you have such person’s consent to provide the personal information to us.
Restrict:
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information.  If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by contacting us using the details below. If you ask us to restrict how we process your personal information, we will let you know how the restriction affects your use of our Site or products and services.
Access and data portability:
You may request details of the personal information that we hold about you.  You may request a copy of the personal information we hold about you. Where possible, we will provide this information in CSV format or other easily readable machine format. You may request that we erase the personal information we hold about you at any time. You may also request that we transfer this personal information to another third party (data portability).
Correction:
If you believe that any information we hold about you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, please contact us using the details below. We will take reasonable steps to correct any information found to be inaccurate, incomplete, misleading or out of date.
Complaints:
If you believe that we have breached the Australian Privacy Principles or an article of the GDPR and wish to make a complaint, please contact us using the details below and provide us with full details of the alleged breach. We will promptly investigate your complaint and respond to you, in writing, setting out the outcome of our investigation and the steps we will take to deal with your complaint. You also have the right to contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner if you wish to make a complaint.
Unsubscribe:
To unsubscribe from our e-mail database or opt-out of communications (including marketing communications), please contact us using the details below or opt-out using the opt-out facilities provided in the communication.
We are committed to ensuring that the personal information we collect is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures such as the pseudonymisation and encryption of personal information, to safeguard and secure personal information and protect it from misuse, interference, loss and unauthorised access, modification and disclosure.
We cannot guarantee the security of any information that is transmitted to or by us over the Internet. The transmission and exchange of information is carried out at your own risk. Although we take measures to safeguard against unauthorised disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that the personal information we collect will not be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
We may use cookies on our Site from time to time. Cookies are text files placed in your computer's browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your email address or other personally identifiable information. However, they do allow third parties, such as Google and Facebook, to cause our advertisements to appear on your social media and online media feeds as part of our retargeting campaigns. If and when you choose to provide our Site with personal information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
We may use web beacons on our Site from time to time. Web beacons (also known as Clear GIFs) are small pieces of code placed on a web page to monitor the visitor’s behaviour and collect data about the visitor’s viewing of a web page. For example, web beacons can be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page.
We may use Google Analytics and other analytics tools such as Fabric.io to collect and process data. To find out how Google uses data when you use third party websites or applications, please see
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
or any other URL Google may use from time to time.
Our Site may contain links to other websites. We do not have any control over those websites and we are not responsible for the protection and privacy of any personal information which you provide whilst visiting those websites. Those websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy.
We may, at any time and at our discretion, vary this Privacy Policy.  We will notify you if we amend this Privacy Policy, by contacting you through the contact details you have provided to us. Any amended Privacy Policy is effective once we notify you of the change.
For any questions or notices, please contact our Privacy Officer at:
Ovatu Pty Ltd ABN 92 159 394 484 ATF Ovatu Trading Trust ABN 74 504 757 106
Email: Email:
info@ovatu.com
Last update:
15 March 2018
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語