Privacy Policy
Sure, here is a sample Android app privacy policy for the app name "Story Time For Kids" by Teksmobile:
Privacy Policy
Effective Date:
28 Feb 2024
Teksmobile ("we," "us," or "our") operates the "Story Time For Kids" app (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
Information We Collect
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to improve our Service to you.
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide certain
personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited
to:
Email address
Name
Phone number
Cookies and usage data
Usage Data
We may also collect information about how you access and use the Service ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information
such as your device type, operating system, IP address, browsing time, pages viewed,
and other diagnostic data.
Tracking Technologies and Cookies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the
activity on our Service
and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amounts of data that
may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent
to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are
beacons, scripts, and tags
to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie
is being sent. However,
if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Use of Data
Teksmobile
uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate
in certain optional features of the Service
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To detect, prevent, and address technical issues
Disclosure of Data
Teksmobile
may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of
Teksmobile
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
Security
Teksmobile is committed to protecting your personal data. We use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of your Personal Data,
but no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While
we strive to use commercially
acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children's
Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from
children under 13.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child
has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us.
If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from a child
under 13,
we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update
our Privacy Policy
from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when
they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy,
please contact us:
By email: support@storytimeforkids.info