Privacy Notice
City Cabs (Edinburgh) Ltd
Lewis Rae, Company Secretary
Approved by Lewis Rae (Company Secretary): 06/04/2023
This is the privacy policy for City Cabs (Edinburgh) Ltd.
City Cabs (Edinburgh) Ltd was registered at Companies House on 16 December 1958. Company Registration No: SCO33518. Registered office address: 1 Atholl Place, Edinburgh, Scotland, EH3 8HP.
City Cabs (Edinburgh) Ltd
is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
This document sets out the basis upon which information is collected about you, by us, using the City Cabs (Edinburgh) Ltd website, our smartphone App, and any other communication networks by City Cabs (Edinburgh) Ltd and the use of the personal information you provide to us in person or online, via email, phone, in writing, or other correspondence.
Any data collected will be used and held in accordance with the requirements of the EU General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).
City Cabs (Edinburgh) Ltd
is firmly committed to privacy, the responsible use of information, the need to safeguard the privacy of our clients and visitors to our website, and to maintaining compliance with privacy legislation.
This is central to our values as an organisation. We want everyone who contacts us and engages our services to feel confident about how any personal information they give us will be looked after or used.
On 25 May 2018, we will be moving to be an ‘opt-in only’ communication policy. This means that we will only send marketing communications to those that have explicitly stated that they are happy for us to do so via their preferred channel(s) (email, phone, or post).
Our marketing communications include information about our services and relevant news. If you would like to receive such communications but have not yet opted-in, please contact us at
enquiries@citycabs.co.uk
or via the contact form on our website:
https://www.citycabs.co.uk/contact-us
You can be confident that:
We will never release your information to organisations outside City Cabs (Edinburgh) Ltd for their marketing purposes.
We only use personal information in the ways we need to and that is expected of us.
We will keep you up to date with our services and news that we deem relevant to you.
We only use your personal information to do this if you have previously told us that that is acceptable.
We will make it easy for you to tell us how you want us to communicate with you, including how to opt-out from future communications – and your request will be respected straight away.
We take all reasonable care to safeguard your personal information through security policies and secure business processes.
We will always provide easy ways for you to contact us.
How we collect personal information
We obtain personal information from you when you:
Enquire about or engage our services via our telephone recording system, smartphone App, or online web booker
Set up an account with us
Send an email or otherwise provide us with your personal information, for example through the contact form on our website
Apply for, or purchase, a Cab Assist Card
Join our mailing list via the City Cabs (Edinburgh) Ltd website
Sometimes we may obtain your personal information from third-party data suppliers only if they provide the appropriate evidence that you have agreed for your personal information to be shared with other organisations.
We also gather general information about the use of our website https://www.citycabs.co.uk such as pages visited and areas that are of most interest to users. We use this information to improve our website and make it a better experience for everyone. For further information, please see the ‘cookies’ section below.
What information do we collect?
The information we collect might include name, address, email address, and telephone numbers. We may also access your GPS location and contacts while you are using our smartphone App. Data Protection law recognises that certain categories of personal information are more sensitive. These are known as special categories of data and cover health information, race, religious beliefs, and political opinions. We
do not
collect any special categories of data.
How do we use your information?
We may use your personal information for:
Dealing with your enquiries, requests, and complaints
Processing your payments made over the telephone, online through our website, or via our smartphone App
Providing you with information about our services and news
Complying with our legal obligations, policies, and procedures
Administering our membership records (for example, holders of our Cab Assist Card)
Determining your location whilst booking through the smartphone App
Sending your journey details to your chosen contact when using the smartphone App ‘Buddy’ feature
Consent on how personal information is used
We will give a clear explanation of the purpose for which personal information is collected and processed. Where necessary, we will also ask for consent to be given by a positive ‘opt-in’ choice. Sufficient information will be provided for an informed choice to be made. The personal data will not be used for any extra purpose without additional consent being obtained. It will also be made clear how consent can be withdrawn.
Telephone calls
Calls to our telephone booking system and to our head office are recorded for training and quality purposes.
CCTV
City Cabs (Edinburgh) Ltd use CCTV in our head office (1 Atholl Place, Edinburgh, Scotland, EH3 8HP) to record the general public purely for the purposes of security and safety of our operational staff and as a deterrent and prevention to crime and criminal activity. This CCTV can be accessed by Lewis Rae (Company Secretary) and Aziz Oussellam (Company Chairman). Some of our Members have CCTV installed in their taxis, again to record the general public purely for the purposes of security and safety of the driver. Taxi CCTV is accessible by both the Member themselves and by Georgie Campbell (Company Fleet Manager).
Anyone can ask to see images of recordings taken of them. Any request should be sent by email to
enquiries@citycabs.co.uk
, in writing to: City Cabs (Edinburgh) Ltd, 1 Atholl Place, Edinburgh, EH3 8HP, or via the online contact form on our website:
https://www.citycabs.co.uk/contact-us
We will provide the images and information within 40 days of receiving any such request. You may be charged a fee of up to £10 (this is the maximum charge, set by UK Parliament).
Safeguarding children and young people
City Cabs (Edinburgh) Ltd understands the moral and legal responsibilities to implement procedures to provide a service of care and safeguard the wellbeing of young people. As a company we take child protection very seriously. Please refer to our Child Protection Policy for further information.
Data security
We have in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the personal information we collect.
We do use external ‘data processors’ to manage our dispatch system (Cordic), telecommunications (Vale), credit referencing (Experian), card payments (Adelante), IT systems (Office Anyplace), payroll & HR services (Moorepay), and financial accounts (Bryce Wilson & Co).
All our data processors have provided statements on how they keep your personal data safe and secure in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018.
All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are legally obliged to respect the confidentiality of our clients’ personal data.
City Cabs (Edinburgh) Ltd is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
No sharing of personal information
We do not share personal information with any third parties for marketing purposes.
Some of our third parties’ data processors may store information on remote servers across the world, and we have agreements with them to ensure that your information is safe and secure and not shared with other organisations.
No indirect collection of personal information
We do not collect personal data indirectly, for instance by tracking people individually when they have used our social media accounts.
Automated decisions
We do use automated decision making and profiling (through the use of Experian) when deciding if an individual can set up an account and/or have credit with City Cabs (Edinburgh) Ltd.  You may request human intervention where a decision has been made about you based solely on automated processing, and/or you may challenge that decision.
Retention of data
Paper hard copy correspondence is routinely electronically scanned and then the hard copy is destroyed by a waste management company (Changeworks Recycling). Website contact form enquiries are kept on a secure server and are automatically deleted after six months.
City Cabs (Edinburgh) Ltd only ever retains personal information for as long as is necessary.  Our decision to keep personal information will be based on legal requirements.
Where you have consented to us using your details for direct marketing, we will keep such data until you notify us otherwise and/or withdraw your consent. We will not retain personal data if you have unsubscribed from us contacting you.
Your rights
Under the EU General Data Protection Regulation, which comes into force on May 25th, 2018, you have the following rights:
The right to access your personal information
The right to edit and update your personal information
The right to request to have your personal information deleted
The right to restrict processing of your personal information
The right to object
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
Rights to access, remove, or correct personal information
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you and this is free of charge. Please contact us if you wish to amend any of your personal data at
enquiries@citycabs.co.uk
If a member of the public asks for their personal data to be removed from our current record systems, this will be done within one month of the request being received. The same timescale will apply when we are notified that personal information needs to be corrected or updated.
You can also opt out of email correspondence immediately by following the links to unsubscribe or by emailing us at
enquiries@citycabs.co.uk
Cookies
A cookie is a small file downloaded on to the hard drive of a computer or mobile device when the user logs on to a website.
We also set Google Analytics cookies to collect general statistical information to help us understand how our website is used and to improve the service we provide. We learn whether visitors have used the website before, which pages are the most popular, how users move around the site and whether the site is being accessed by a mobile device or desktop computer. This information does
not
allow users to be identified individually.
In addition to using Google Analytics, we use lead generation software called Lead Forensics for business to business sales. Lead Forensics have ‘assessed all six grounds for lawful processing of personal data and has selected ‘Legitimate Interests’ as the most suitable lawful ground for the processing of data for the purposes of Lead Forensics marketing and sales’ (source: https://www.leadforensics.com/privacy-and-cookies).
It is important for us to be able to include your visit in our statistics. By continuing to use the website without changing settings, you are agreeing to our use of these cookies.
To find out more general information on cookies, and how to control or delete them, please go to:
https://www.aboutcookies.org
or
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
Other websites
On our website we occasionally provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. Please be aware that these sites may have different security and privacy policies and we have no control over and take no responsibility for any information submitted to these sites.
Changes to our privacy notice
This Privacy Notice was approved by the previous Company Secretary of City Cabs (Edinburgh) Ltd, Lewis Rae, on 06 April 2023. This notice will be amended in the light of any relevant changes in legislation or related good practice. We recommend you check this Privacy Notice regularly for updates. We won’t alert you to every little change, but if there are any really important changes to the Privacy Notice or how we use your information then we’ll let you know and where appropriate ask for your consent.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our Privacy Notice and policy. Our contact details are as follows:
By email:
enquiries@citycabs.co.uk
Or write to us: City Cabs (Edinburgh) Ltd, 1 Atholl Place, Edinburgh, EH3 8HP