PRIVACY POLICY UPDATE
JUMP TO TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Rank Interactive (Gibraltar) Limited Privacy Notice
1.    Introduction
This notice explains how we will use the personal data we collect about you. We encourage you to read this carefully and contact us using the details in section 1 if you have any questions.
Where we decide why or how your personal data is processed, we are the Data Controller and we have to tell you about the following:
What personal information we collect;
How we use that information;
Who we may share that information with; and
Your rights.
Our services contain hyperlinks to websites operated by third parties. These third-party websites will have their own privacy information and we recommend you look at them. They will govern the use of personal information you submit, or which are collected by cookies whilst visiting those websites. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for them and your use of them is at your own risk.
This notice was updated in October 2024. We will update it from time to time and if we make changes that could affect you, we’ll let you know beforehand.
1.    Introduction
2.    Collecting Information about you
3.    How and why we use your personal information
4.    Use of Special Category data
5.    Your consent preferences
6.    Sharing your information
7.    Your Rights
8.    How long do we keep your information
9.    Use of our service by children
10.    How do we keep your data safe
11.    Changes to this policy
1.1    Who are we?
These online services are provided by Rank Interactive (Gibraltar) Limited, a company registered in Gibraltar under company number 120385, ("Rank", "we", "us" or "our" in this policy). We are registered as a Data Controller with the Information Commissioners Office (ICO) and details are published on a public register on the ICO website at
https://ico.org.uk/
.
We are part of The Rank Group Plc group of companies ('Rank Group') which operates gaming venues in Europe and digital gaming sites, including the Bella Casino, Enracha, Grosvenor Casino, Mecca Bingo and YoBingo brands and other associated and subsidiary companies.
1.2    Our Data Protection Officer
If you have any concerns about how your personal data is used or to exercise any of your rights, including submitting a subject access request, please contact us on the following:
Email:
dataprotection@rank.com
Post: Data Protection Officer, Rank Interactive (Gibraltar) Limited, c/o TOR, Saint Cloud Way, Maidenhead, Berkshire SL6 BBN
2.    Collecting Information about you
We collect and process the following information which may include your personal data.
2.1    Information you provide to us
We collect information about you whenever you use our services. Some of it is provided directly, when you register for an account with us, deposit funds or play one of our games. Other information will be collected as you interact with us, such as requesting to join our mailing lists, taking part in market research or customer satisfaction surveys or dealing with our customer services team. We also collect information about the way you interact with us through our social media channels or chat functionality. Please note that calls to our support teams may be recorded.
We are required to comply with anti-money laundering and responsible gambling legislation so we will request proof of identity and source of funds information from you from time to time, which you must provide to us promptly.
This information will include your name, username, age, date of birth, gender, address, image, telephone number, e-mail address, password and other identity or source of funds information.
2.2    Information we collect from your device
We collect information from your device relating to the web address that you arrive from or click through to, pages viewed, page response times, download errors, the length of time you spend on certain pages, page interaction information such as scrolling, clicks, wagers, and methods used to browse away from our pages. We use Google Analytics and abide by the Google Analytics Terms of Service and relevant Google Analytics policies. For more information about this, please see our cookie policy.
We use technology to determine your current location, to verify your identity, ensure that your location is within our permitted territories and to display relevant advertisements and promotions to you.
This information includes your IP and MAC address, hardware model, operating system and version, browser type, time-zone and browser plug-in details.
2.3    Payment Information
For you to use all the functions of our services we collect payment information from you such as your payment card number (first 6 and last 4 digits) PayPal account, and bank account details.
2.4    Information collected from external companies
To help us comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, when you open an account with us, we obtain information from external companies to verify your identity, check your age or determine source of funds. This information is used to reduce risk or prevent fraud or other illegal activities.
Our providers may check the details we supply against any information they hold on any database (public or otherwise) to which they have access. They may also use your details in the future to assist other companies for verification purposes. A record of the search will be retained and may appear as a soft search on your credit file.
The service providers we use for these purposes include but are not limited to:
C6 Intelligence Information Systems
Experian GB Group
Kroll Associates
Where a customer self-excludes through the Gamstop national self-exclusion scheme, we will receive a notification of this, which will only be used to ensure their wish to self-exclude is applied across our sites and app as appropriate. We may subscribe to additional self-exclusion schemes in future and will update this policy accordingly.
2.5    Affordability – what we use the data for
In ensure that your details are up to date, we may supplement the information we hold about you with data from companies such as GB Group or Royal Mail that collate and update address and household information for a range of sources. We will only work with companies that obtain this data in compliance with data protection legislation. This data will not be used to market to you without your prior consent.
To understand more about how we use your personal information to determine your affordability profile, please
click here
.
2.6    Publicly Available Information
We must comply with legal obligations to promote responsible gambling, consider our customers financial ability to gamble and prevent our services from being used for illegal purposes. If we identify activity on your account that could present a risk or we believe you have provided false information, we will look at publicly available information about you such as social media accounts (Facebook, Instagram, Twitter etc.) property ownership details, the electoral roll, Companies House and insolvency registers to verify the information provided to us.
3.    How and why we use your personal information
3.1    To Provide the Services to You
We will use information about you for delivering our service under the agreement between us, including responding to your enquiries; to contact you about matters requiring your attention and providing you with a responsible gaming environment. We may use third parties to assist us with this.
Financial transactions are handled through our payment services providers, who will have access to your payment information.
The service providers we use for these purposes may Include:
Safecharge International
Worldpay
Barclays
Paysafe Group
Paypal
To provide games to you, we share your user ID, country code, username, full name, date of birth and gender with third-party games providers.
For more information about these service providers, please contact us using the details in section 1.
3.2    To Prevent Fraud and Illegal Activity
We process personal data for our legitimate interests of ensuring that your use of our online services Is lawful and non-fraudulent, does not disrupt the operation of our services, does not harass our staff or other individuals, and to enforce our legal rights and comply with our legal obligations.
We may use third party providers to assist us with this. To do so they may check the details we supply against any particulars held on any database (public or otherwise) to which they have access. They may also use your details in the future to assist other companies for verification purposes. A record of the search will be retained.
The service providers we use for these purposes may include but are not limited to:
C6 Intelligence Information Systems
Experian
GB Group
3.3    To personalise our Services
We will use information about you (in particular, how you use our services), to optimise and tailor our services to you and allow us to cater to your preferences. This may mean that when you are accessing our website through your account, the website looks different than when another person accesses it through their account.
We process personal data in this way for the legitimate interests of ensuring that you and other users have the best experience when using our services.
3.4    Marketing
Direct Marketing: We might send you marketing e-mails about products or services which are similar to or related to those available via our online services, or contact you by phone, SMS or post. We do this in our legitimate Interest of marketing our business and we only do this in accordance with the laws relating to marketing directly to individuals.
Group Marketing: With your consent, we may use various forms of marketing to provide you with promotional materials about the services of other companies in the Rank Group.
Targeted Marketing: We use the information we collect about you to serve you targeted advertisements via our own channels (i.e. our websites, apps, display advertising) and third-party channels, including across multiple devices or browsers. We do this in our legitimate interest of marketing our business and to provide you with more relevant advertising content.
The third-party channels we use for these purposes may include:
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Snapchat
Google Bing
App Store
Affiliate networks and partner channels
Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and near field communication
We may use third-party providers to assist us with our marketing. To re-set your consent preferences at any time please see section 5.
3.5    To Understand how our Services are used
We process information to understand how visitors use our website and to compile statistical reports regarding that activity. This processing is necessary for us to pursue our legitimate interests of improving our services, and providing a better and more personalised experience to our users.
We use third party analytics providers who may include:
Adobe
Tealium
Optimisely
Optimove
Monetate
DoubleClick
Google Services
Decibel Insights
We may also invite you to take part in a market research project either to understand our own products and services or as part of an industry research project to understand customer behaviours. There is no requirement for you to take part in this research and if we use third parties to carry out the research on our behalf, they will provide you with an information notice explaining how your data will be used.
4.    Use of Special Category data
On occasion you may provide us directly or indirectly, with information about your physical or mental health or situation and talk to us about problems with gambling. We recognise that this is sensitive information and will only use it to provide you with the support you have asked for or to signpost you to appropriate sources of help. We will also share this information with other companies within Rank Group to ensure that you are provided with the appropriate support.
You may indirectly provide us with other sensitive information about yourself such as nationality or ethnicity through the identity verification process. We will only ask for this information where we are required to do so to meet a legal or regulatory requirement and will not use it for any other purpose without your permission.
5.    Your consent preferences
From time to time, you will be asked if you would like to consent to your information being used for specific purposes, including marketing. Please note that we will continue to send you information about your account and other service messages even if you do not provide consent for marketing.
If you wish to alter your consent preferences at any time you can do so in the My Account section of this site or by contacting us using the details in section 1.  It may take us a short time to action these preferences.
6.    Sharing your information
We share your Information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. If you would like to find out more about how the third parties listed in this policy use your Information, this should be set out in their respective privacy policies.
We keep your information confidential, but may disclose it to our personnel, other companies within the Rank Group, suppliers, or subcontractors insofar as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice. We carry out checks to ensure that the companies we work with will provide the same level of safeguards to protect your data as we do, and we put contractual measures in place to reinforce those obligations.
In addition to the third parties already listed in this policy, examples of the types of third parties we work with are:
IT companies who support our IT systems;
Direct Marketing companies that help us deliver our service to you;
Data insight companies to help us ensure your details are correct and up to date; and
Third party sites such as Google and Facebook which might advertise our services.
We may disclose your information where we are required to do so by law. This may include to the police, or other law enforcement agencies, the courts, statutory authorities and sporting bodies (in connection with sporting integrity issues).  Where necessary, we will share personal data with our regulators or external legal advisors in order to protect or defend our rights and interests.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email, account message and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
We share some of your personal data, including your name, date of birth and address with a Credit Reference Agency (TransUnion) so that we can carry out an affordability check on you, in certain circumstances. This check may leave a search footprint, but please note that this will not affect your credit score. For any further information about how TransUnion holds and uses your information please click here:
https://www.transunion.co.uk/legal-information/bureau-privacy-notice
We will ensure that we only share your data legally and with due regard to your privacy. Any request from law enforcement or other statutory bodies will only be fulfilled with a warrant, court order or other legally valid proof of authority.
6.1    Sending Personal Information outside of the UK or Europe
Some of our providers are based outside or carry out their activities outside of the UK or European Economic Area (EEA). In order to protect your information, unless the country has been deemed to provide an appropriate level of protection for Personal Data by the ICO, we will put in place additional legal protection through the use of standard data protection (model) clauses and other legal mechanisms. This is to ensure that appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your personal data.
7.    Your Rights
You have the following rights over the way we process personal data relating to you. We aim to respond without undue delay, and within one month at the latest. To make a request, please see our contact details at section 1.
7.1    Ask for a copy of your data and have inaccuracies corrected
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. We will use reasonable efforts to the extent required by law to supply, correct personal information held about you on our files (and with any third parties to whom it has been disclosed to). If your request is unusually complex and likely to take longer than a month, we will let you know as soon as we can and tell you how long we think it will take.
There are occasional situations where data protection law requires or permits us to withhold some information (such as where it would involve disclosing information about someone else or information that is commercially sensitive) or permits us to charge for the information requested. If these circumstances apply, we will explain this to you.
7.2    Object to us processing your data or ask for your data to be deleted
You can ask us to restrict, stop processing, or to delete your personal data if:
You consented to Rank Group processing the personal data and have withdrawn that consent.
Rank Group no longer needs to process that personal data for the reason it was collected.
Rank Group is processing that personal data because it is in the public interest or to pursue a legitimate interest of Rank Group, you don’t agree with that processing, and there is no overriding legitimate interest for us to continue processing it.
The personal data was unlawfully processed; or
You need the personal data to be deleted in order to comply with a legal obligation.
If we are unable to carry out your request, we will explain it to you. Please be aware that in exercising these rights, you will need to close your account with us and stop using our services. If you are unhappy with our decision on this, you have the right to complain to the ICO.
7.3    Obtain a machine-readable copy of your data, which you can use with another service provider
If we are processing data to perform our obligations to you, or because you consented, if that processing is carried out by automated means, we will help you to move, copy or transfer your personal data to other IT systems.
If you request, Rank Group will supply you with the relevant personal data in CSV format. Where it is technically feasible, you can ask us to send this information directly to another IT system provider if you prefer.
7.4    Make a complaint to a Supervisory Authority
If you do not agree with the way we have processed your data or responded to your concerns, an alternative is to submit a complaint to a Data Protection Supervisory Authority, which for UK customers is the Information Commissioner’s Office.
8.    How long do we keep your information
We will cease use of your data for marketing purposes no more than two years after your last transaction with us. We typically retain your data for seven years from when our relationship ends to satisfy our regulatory obligations, including anti-money laundering regulations. If we hold any information relating to problem gambling matters or any suspension or termination of your account, we may hold this for a longer period, as we reasonably deem necessary.
9.    Use of our service by children
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 18. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, they should contact us at data.protection@rank.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
10.     How do we keep your data safe
We will take all reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss or misuse of your personal information. Please be aware that, although we endeavour to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
11.    Changes to this policy
We will notify you of any significant changes to this policy by email, notice on the site or by account message.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Strictly Necessary Only
Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.transunion.co.uk/legal-information/bureau-privacy-notice:
Legal
>
Privacy Centre
>
TransUnion Bureau Privacy Notice
TransUnion Bureau Privacy Notice
Version: 1.13
Date adopted: 17 July 2024
This privacy notice explains how we use and share personal data in connection with our credit risk and affordability assessments, anti-fraud and anti-money laundering checks, verification, debt tracing services and some of our related services. It also describes your data protection rights, including a right to object to some of the processing which TransUnion carries out. More information about your rights, and how to exercise them, is set out in
section 9
below.
In Brief
At TransUnion, we provide data and data-related services to clients such as banks, credit providers, insurance companies, gambling companies, utility companies, retail companies and others for the purposes set out above (and in more detail at
section 2
below).
Some of our services involve processing data that is highly confidential such as your bank account, credit card or salary details. More information about the data we use can be found in
section 3
.
In providing our services to clients, we may use third party service providers to assist us (a summary of the key providers can be found in the table at
section 6
).
Some of these services involve checking your device information (from your mobile telephone, tablet or laptop for example), which we use to confirm your identity and/or to protect you from becoming a victim of fraud.
We may need to send your details to other countries as part of our services, occasionally outside of the European Union – details are provided at
section 7
.
You have the right to object to our use of your personal data. Please see
section 9
to find out more.
1.
Who are we and how can you contact us?
2.
What do we use personal data for?
3.
What kinds of personal data do we use, and where do we get it from?
4.
How long is the personal data kept for?
5.
What is our legal basis for handling personal data?
6.
Who do we share the personal data with?
7.
Where is the personal data stored and sent?
8.
Is the personal data used to make decisions about you or to profile you?
9.
What are your rights?
10.
Who can you complain to if you are unhappy about the use of your personal data?
1.
WHO ARE WE AND HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US?
About us
We are TransUnion International UK Limited, which is a company registered in England and Wales with company number 03961870. Our trading address and registered office is at One Park Lane, Leeds, West Yorkshire LS3 1EP.
We are part of TransUnion Information Group (TU UK), which has its headquarters at the above address. Some of the members of TU UK are listed in
section 6
below. TU UK forms part of a larger group of companies but this privacy notice only covers the activities of TU UK.
We are a controller of the personal data covered by this privacy notice. This means that we are responsible for ensuring that the personal data is used fairly and lawfully.
Joint controllers
We sometimes act jointly with one or more of the other TU UK companies when making decisions about your personal data. In particular, we make joint decisions when we and another TU UK company are sharing personal data with each other.
Our members of staff work across TU UK group companies so, where our group companies make decisions jointly, those members of staff will ensure that each company involved complies with data protection rules. You can contact our Consumer Services Team if you want to enquire about any of our group companies or exercise any of your rights in respect of your personal data.
Contact details
You can contact us about issues relating to personal data, including the contents of this notice, through our
Consumer Enquiries
page.
Please refer to our
Consumer Contact Privacy Notice
for information about how we will handle your personal data in connection with complaints and enquiries.
2.
WHAT DO WE USE PERSONAL DATA FOR?
This section explains the purposes for which we use personal data about you. More detail about the types of personal data that we might use for these purposes can be found in
section 3
below.
Providing services to the organisation you may be dealing with
We use your personal data to provide services to the organisation you may be dealing with. These services might include, for example, credit risk assessment, affordability assessment for credit and non-credit purposes, customer management, vulnerability management, anti-fraud and anti-money laundering checks, verification services, tenant vetting, staff vetting and tracing for debt collection purposes. We may also use your personal data to provide such services in relation to you in a specific role: for example, where you are acting as guarantor in relation to a personal loan to another individual, or as a director or business owner where the relevant business is applying for a commercial loan.
Examples: credit risk assessment, customer management, identity verification, anti-fraud, tenant vetting, debt tracing
If you have applied for credit from one of our clients, they will send your data to us so that we can find you in our databases and return information about your credit history. They will use that information in order to assess your creditworthiness and decide whether you will be able to repay them.
If you have been given credit by one of our clients, we may be asked to monitor your credit files and send our client an alert if, for example, you receive a court judgment or become insolvent, or where there is a significant deterioration in your repayment behaviour.
If you are registered as having a vulnerability, we may be asked to provide this information to our clients to support credit risk assessments, customer management and overall customer experience purposes, so that they are aware of the presence of a vulnerability and can take appropriate steps in customer management.
If you need to prove your identity to an organisation, they may check the details you provide against the information on our databases or carry out ID document verification and facial biometrics in order to help confirm that you are who you say you are.
If you fill in a form on one of our clients’ websites as part of an onboarding process, we may collect behavioural information about your interactions with such form to alert our clients to potentially fraudulent activity.
When you have dealings with an organisation, for example a bank, they may submit your telephone number, email address, internet protocol (IP) address, bank account and card numbers to us so we can alert them to the possibility of a stolen identity or where there have been past fraud indicators associated with those details.
When you apply for a tenancy, the landlord or letting agent might check some aspects of your financial history (such as any CCJs or bankruptcies) to help them decide whether you would be a suitable tenant and are likely to pay the rent.
If you owe money to one of our clients and have moved without telling them, they may use our services in order to find your new address and other contact details so that they can contact you to arrange repayment.
When you apply for credit (or if you have existing credit), affordability checks using your data can help our clients understand whether you are likely to be able to afford the repayments. Affordability checks can also help our clients assess your eligibility for non-credit products. These checks  help our clients identify individuals who may be financially over-committed and can help prevent  over-indebtedness.
Examples: affordability assessment
Utility companies may perform affordability checks (either at an individual or a household level) to help them understand whether individuals or households applying for financial assistance with bills and/or other payments meet the eligibility criteria to receive it. This helps to ensure that financial assistance is most appropriately directed at financially vulnerable individuals and households.
Gaming organisations may use affordability checks to help identify individuals at risk of gambling-related harm. Our retail clients may use affordability checks to assess the risk that you might not be able to afford non-credit commitments or potential costs related to a product or service. This may help them decide whether they want to offer a particular product or service to you.
Other examples of affordability checks include: an automobile subscription service that may want to assess the likelihood of whether you could afford additional liabilities; or an online marketplace that may want to identify individuals or businesses at risk of not being able to afford to fulfil orders.
We may also process your personal data after services have been provided to our clients if, for example, we need to investigate any issues around the data that has been sent to us, stored by us or if we need to restore our systems in the event of a data loss incident.
More information about how we (and other credit reference agencies) use personal data in these kinds of service can be found in the
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
.
Providing services to our other clients
We use personal data to provide services to organisations other than the one you are directly dealing with.
Example: fraud alerts
If we receive a large number of identity verification checks against a particular person in a short space of time, this may be an indicator that someone is attempting to commit identity theft or another form of fraud. When this happens, we use that indicator to provide real time fraud alerts to clients who have subscribed to that service.
If you have provided your details to an organisation in order to confirm your identity, we may retain those details and link them to other details we hold about you so that if a fraudster attempts to use some of your details to apply for credit with a different organisation, we can raise a potential fraud alert with that organisation.
We may also provide personal data to public sector bodies (for example police, local and central government) to assist them in carrying out their public duties including: the investigation, prevention and detection of crime and the apprehension and prosecution of offenders; missing persons investigations; the assessment and collection of taxes and other statutory payments including the detection of fraudulent benefit claims; the protection of the public purse; national security and the defence of the realm. Data may include the full electoral register, but only where those public sector bodies are entitled to access that data themselves (for specific, limited purposes) under the relevant legislation.
More information about how we (and other credit reference agencies) use personal data in these kinds of service can be found in the
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
.
Profiling, statistical analysis and anonymisation
We use, and allow our clients to use, information to carry out profiling of consumers through statistical analysis. This includes the creation, validation and use of scorecards, models, and attributes in connection with the assessment of risks relating to credit, fraud, affordability and debt collection. It is also used in verifying identities, to monitor and predict market trends and to enable clients to refine lending and fraud strategies, and loss forecasting.
This helps us to determine the likelihood that a consumer with certain characteristics will act in a way that will produce certain outcomes; for example, to repay credit, to be able to afford credit, to claim on an insurance policy, to commit fraud, to respond to certain collection strategies or to become insolvent.
Example: fraud models
When you are looking to set up a new account or use new services (for example, signing up to a new credit card, setting up a new online retail account, or renting a new property), our clients may seek to verify your identity to ensure they are dealing with you and not a fraudster. Our modelled data involves mapping your personal information (such as email address, mobile number and bank details) to produce a score that can help predict the likelihood that your information is being used fraudulently and/or that you have been a victim of fraud.
We may also convert your personal data into statistical or aggregated form so that you are not identified or identifiable (thereby creating anonymised data). Anonymised data is not personal data and we may use such data to carry out research and analysis, including to produce statistical research and reports or for any other purposes.
Product or systems development and testing
We sometimes use personal data for demonstrating, developing, improving, monitoring, maintaining and testing our products and systems. This includes making sure that our security measures are working properly. Where possible, we will anonymise, pseudonymise or aggregate the data before doing this.
Consumer queries; legal and regulatory purposes
We may use your personal data for legal and regulatory purposes. For example, this might include responding to complaints or enquiries from you or a regulator about how we have used your personal data.
Examples: legal and regulatory purposes
If you object to us processing your personal data, we will need to use your personal data to assess your request.
If you make a complaint about us to our regulators, they will normally ask us to investigate your case. This will involve accessing your personal data in the course of that investigation.
Similarly, if you start court proceedings against us, we will normally need to review how we have used your personal data in order to defend ourselves against your claim.
3.
WHAT KINDS OF PERSONAL DATA DO WE USE, AND WHERE DO WE GET IT FROM?
When a client uses our services, they will typically send us information such as:
Identifiers (including your name, date of birth, and current and previous addresses). This helps us to match your information to the other information we hold in our databases.
Other information specific to you, for example your telephone number, email address, internet protocol (IP) address, bank account or credit card number.
Information collected from your device(s), such as your device details, location details or details regarding transactions you undertake.
Information collected from you with your consent, such as copies of government-issued ID documents and selfie images. We may derive biometric representations of your facial images from such documents for the purpose of identity verification and authentication.
The purpose for which they are requesting information about you.
Other relevant details such as the nature of your credit application.
When we receive that information, we match it against the other information that we hold (or obtain from third parties) in order to find and return additional information about you. Depending on the service we are providing, this can include information such as your credit history, credit score, any court judgments or insolvency-related events, property ownership data, fraud indicators, financial transaction information provided via open banking, and additional contact details or address history. It can also include similar kinds of information about people who are financially associated with you.
Some of the information we hold about you may include name and address information from the electoral register (or the electoral roll). There are two versions of this. One is known as the open register (or the edited electoral roll) and can be used for a variety of purposes including marketing, tracing (including online directories used to find friends and family), asset reunification and identity verification. The other is the full register which we can only use for limited purposes, including crime prevention. We use and share this data in accordance with The Representation of the People (England and Wales) regulations 2001 (as amended) and equivalent legislation in Scotland, Northern Ireland and the Isle of Man.
More information about the kinds of personal data we hold, and where we get it from, can be found in the
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
.
4.
HOW LONG IS THE PERSONAL DATA KEPT FOR?
When we receive personal data from a client in order to provide services to them, we will keep a copy of that data for up to fifteen months in order to investigate any data supply or data load issues, restore our systems in the event of a data loss incident, and in order to investigate and respond to any complaints, claims and enquiries that we may receive from consumers, clients or regulators.
We may keep data that has been provided to us for identify verification purposes for up to six years and three months in order to help stop fraudsters – see examples under “Fraud Alerts” in
section 2
above.
Information about how long we keep data in our capacity as a credit reference agency is available in the
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
.
5.
WHAT IS OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR HANDLING PERSONAL DATA?
This section explains the basis on which we process your personal data.
Legitimate interests
The UK’s data protection law allows the use of your personal data where necessary for legitimate purposes provided that this is not outweighed by the impact it has on you. The law calls this the
“legitimate interests”
condition for processing personal data.
The legitimate interests we are typically pursuing when providing services to our clients are:
Interest
Explanation
Promoting responsible lending and helping to prevent over-indebtedness.
Responsible lending means that lenders only sell products that are affordable and suitable for the borrowers’ circumstances. We help ensure this by sharing personal data about potential borrowers, their financial associates where applicable, and their financial history. We also help to protect consumers by preventing over-indebtedness in other areas, such as online gambling. A comprehensive range of measures exists in the UK to underpin the balance so that the legitimate interests are not outweighed by the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals. Further explanation about this balance is set out below.
Helping prevent and detect crime and fraud; anti-money laundering; and identity verification
We provide identity, anti-fraud and anti-money laundering services to help clients meet legal and regulatory obligations, and to the benefit of individuals to support identity verification and support of the detection and prevention of fraud and money-laundering.
Supporting tracing and collections
We provide services that support tracing and collections where there is a legitimate interest in the client conducting activity to find its customer and to recover the debt, or to reunite, or confirm an asset is connected with, the right person. We also assist debt collection agencies in predicting, analysing and evaluating the costs of debt recovery to enable them to determine the value of a debt book.
Complying with and supporting compliance with legal and regulatory requirements
We have to comply with various legal and regulatory requirements, and our services also help other organisations comply with their own legal and regulatory obligations. For example, many kinds of financial services are regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority or the Prudential Regulation Authority, who impose obligations to check that financial products are suitable for the people they are being sold to. We provide data to help with those checks. We also use the data to assist our gambling clients to comply with obligations imposed on them by relevant legislation and the Licence Conditions and Codes of Practice (LCCP) published by the Gambling Commission.
Our use of personal data is subject to an extensive framework of safeguards that help make sure that your rights are protected. These include the information you are given about how your personal data will be used and how you can exercise your rights to obtain your personal data, have it corrected or restricted, object to it being processed, and complain if you are dissatisfied. These safeguards help sustain a fair and appropriate balance so that our activities do not compromise your interests, fundamental rights and freedoms.
Necessity for compliance with a legal obligation
We sometimes need to use your personal data in order to comply with a legal obligation that we are under. For example, if you submit a request to us for a copy of your personal data, either directly or through a third party that you have authorised to act on your behalf, we will normally be legally required to provide that personal data. See
section 9
below for details of what requests you can make and how to make them.
6.
WHO DO WE SHARE THE PERSONAL DATA WITH?
Our clients and resale partners
We share personal data with our clients for the purposes described in
section 2
above. Our clients will each have their own privacy notices which will provide more information about how they (specifically) use the data we supply.
Our clients typically operate in the following sectors:
financial services (including banks, loans, credit cards, mortgages, pensions, debt collection agencies and investments and savings providers)
insurance
gaming / gambling
retail (including car sales / leasing and online retailers)
telecoms and utilities
local and central government
police and other law enforcement bodies
marketing agencies acting for other organisations
landlords, letting agents and housing associations
employers
In some cases, our clients may appoint an intermediary to act on their behalf; these intermediaries will often receive the data too. We also appoint data resale partners who will distribute data to their clients in a similar manner to the ways we do.
Our group companies
We may share your personal data among the members of TU UK. If we do so, then use of the data by those companies will be governed by this privacy notice. A list of relevant TU UK companies is set out below, although the list may be updated from time to time.
Group company
Main trading address / registered office
TransUnion Information Group Limited
(company no. 4968328)
One Park Lane, Leeds, West Yorkshire LS3 1EP
TransUnion International UK Limited
(company no. 3961870)
Callcredit Marketing Limited
(company no. 2733070)
We may also share your personal data with other non-UK based companies within the wider TransUnion group. This includes:
TransUnion Information Group Spain SLU
, Avenida de la Industria 18 28760, Tres Cantos, Spain
iovation Inc
, 555 W. Adams St, Chicago, Illinois 60661
TransUnion LLC
, 555 West Adams Street, Chicago, Illinois 60661
TransUnion Global Technology Centre LLP
, 9th Floor, Block 2,DLF IT/ITES Special Economic Zone Shivaji Gardens, Moonlight Stop, Manapakkam Saidapet Tamil Nadu 600089
TransUnion Global Capability Centre Africa (Pty) Ltd
, G floor, 9 & 10 floor,11 Alice Lane, Sandton, 2196, Gauteng, Johannesburg, South Africa 2197
TransUnion Global Capability Center Costa Rica Limitada
, San Jose-Escazu San Rafael, Trejos Montealegre, De Escazu Village, Three Hundred Meters to the West, Banco General Building, Sixth Floor
Service providers
We may provide your information to third parties who help us use it for the purposes described in
section 2
. For example, our databases of personal data may be hosted by third parties on our behalf. More detail is provided below in respect of our key service providers.
Category of service provider
Role performed for TransUnion
Where processing takes place
Customer Identity and Engagement
Validates telephone numbers and confirms possession of mobile devices, to assist with the detection and prevention of fraud or financial crime.
The USA and the Netherlands and, in some cases, Serbia and Lithuania
Authentication and anti-fraud
Uses JavaScript and first and third party cookies to collect device-identifying technical data from users of our clients’ websites or mobile apps. This is in order to identify suspicious and/or high risk devices to assist with the detection and prevention of fraud or financial crime.
The USA
Digital identity and anti-fraud
Validates email and Internet Protocol (IP) addresses to assist with the detection and prevention of fraud or financial crime.
European Union and, in some cases, the USA
Customer identity verification
Uses a government-issued ID document alongside a ‘live’ photographic image to check for fraud indicators.
European Union, the USA and in some cases Israel, the Philippines, Japan and India
Mobile and digital identity authentication
Uses a mobile phone number to check for fraud indicators and cross checks personal data (name, address, date of birth) against data held by Mobile Network Operators (MNOs) to verify consumers’ identities and for the detection and prevention of fraud.
European Union (United Kingdom, Germany, Jersey and Republic of Ireland)
Anti-money laundering checks
Flags individuals who may be politically exposed persons (PEPs) or subject to financial sanctions.
The European Union (Dow Jones)
Identity verification and fraud prevention
Hosting of a model that maps individuals’ personal information (name, address, phone number, email address, bank account and card details) to help detect and prevent fraud.
European Union
Anti-fraud
Uses JavaScript to collect behavioural attributes when end users interact with an online form on our clients’ websites or mobile apps. This is to identify trusted or anomalous behaviour to assist with the detection and prevention of fraud.
The USA
These service providers will not be allowed to use your information for their own purposes unless you have been notified of this purpose or given your consent.
You and your financial associates
You are entitled to obtain copies of the personal data that we hold about you. You can find out how to do this in
section 9
below.
Similarly, your financial associates are also entitled to obtain copies of the personal data that we hold about them.
Other credit reference agency data sharing activities
For a broader description of how we share data in our capacity as a credit reference agency, please refer to the
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
.
Business transfers
If we sell our business to a third party, or go through a corporate reorganisation, we will transfer personal data to the company that acquires the business.
Regulators and law enforcement
Personal data may be shared with government authorities and/or law enforcement officials if required for the purposes above, if required by law, or if required for the legal protection of our legitimate interests in compliance with applicable laws. For example, we may sometimes need to pass personal data to a regulator such as the Information Commissioner’s Office or the Financial Conduct Authority.
Sharing of anonymised data with third parties
We may share anonymised information with other third parties, but only where the information cannot realistically be identified as relating to you.
7.
WHERE IS THE PERSONAL DATA STORED AND SENT?
Within Europe
We are based in the United Kingdom and will access and use your information from here. However, we also have operations elsewhere in Europe and personal data may be accessed from there too. In these cases, the use of the information in those locations is protected by European data protection standards.
We may also send personal data to some of our service providers or clients who have operations within the European Union.
Elsewhere
We also send information elsewhere in the world. For example:
We make use of TransUnion group service companies (referred to as Global Capability Centres, or GCCs), located in India, South Africa, Costa Rica and the United States. See
section 6
for more details.
When one of our other overseas group companies or branch offices based overseas needs to use the information in accordance with this notice. This may include an overseas group company providing services to their clients for the purposes set out in
section 2
above.
Where we use cloud-based technology or a data centre or backup facility overseas. People in other countries may also need to access that database for purposes such as technical support or system development and testing.
Where our service providers have operations outside the European Union (see the table at
section 6
above).
While the UK and countries within the European Union all ensure a high standard of data protection law, some parts of the world may not provide the same level of legal protection in relation to personal data. As a result, when we do send personal data overseas, we will make sure that suitable safeguards are in place to protect the information when required. For example, these safeguards might include:
Putting in place a contract with the recipient containing terms which have been approved by the authorities as providing a suitable level of protection.
Sending the information to an organisation which is a member of a scheme which has been approved by the authorities as providing a suitable level of protection. One example is the Data Privacy Framework that has been agreed between the UK, European and US authorities.
Encrypting the information (‘scrambling’ or converting it into code which makes it incomprehensible to anyone not authorised to view it) in order to add an additional layer of protection.
If your information has been sent overseas like this, you can obtain further information about the safeguards used by contacting us using the details set out in
section 1
above.
8.
IS THE PERSONAL DATA USED TO MAKE AUTOMATED DECISIONS ABOUT YOU OR TO PROFILE YOU?
Decisions
In almost all cases, we do not use your personal data to make automated decisions about you or to profile you.
We provide data and analytics that help our clients make decisions about lending and other matters (such as preventing fraud or protecting consumers), but our clients’ own data, knowledge, processes and practices will also generally play a significant role in their decisions – and those decisions will always be for them to make.
For example, when we sell our services to credit or loan providers, we do not decide whether or not you should be granted credit or a loan – this is for the lender to decide. Similarly, where we provide information to gambling companies, we do this to help them protect vulnerable consumers or those at risk of becoming overindebted. However, they will ultimately decide how to act upon that information, taking into account their legal and regulatory obligations.
Where our resale partners ask us for a copy of your credit information, we need to verify your identity in order to ensure that your credit information is not given out to fraudsters. This is an automated process and it could result in you being declined access to the services provided by that resale partner if we cannot verify your identity.
Scores and ratings
We use the data we hold to produce credit, risk, fraud, identity, affordability, screening, collection and insolvency scores and credit ratings.
Example: credit scores
If you apply to a bank for a loan, the bank will need to assess your creditworthiness. It will use the information you provide on your form, together with other information it already holds about you (such as how you have managed your previous accounts with that bank), and information obtained from third parties such as credit reference agencies.
We may use the credit reference data we hold to generate a credit score which provides an indication of your creditworthiness. The bank may use the credit score as part of its decision-making. Factors that may affect your credit score include:
How long you have lived at your address.
The number and type of credit agreements you have, and how you use those credit products.
Whether you have been late making payments.
Whether you have had any court judgments made against you.
Whether you have been bankrupt or have had an IVA or other form of debt-related arrangement.
The number of credit-related searches that organisations have made against your credit file, for example when you apply for a loan or credit card, or when a debt collection agency requests information about you.
9.
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS?
You have several different rights in relation to the personal data that we hold about you. These are briefly described below. To enquire about exercising these rights, please use our
Consumer Enquiries
page.
If you are looking for information about your rights in relation to the personal data we hold in our capacity as a credit reference agency, please refer to the
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
.
Access:
You have a right to find out what personal data we hold about you, and certain other information such as how we are using it. (If you want to see your credit report online, please visit
https://www.transunion.co.uk/consumer-solutions/your-credit-report
.)
Withdrawal of consent:
When we rely on your consent to use your data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. However, we do not rely on consent for the activities described in this privacy notice.
Objection to direct marketing:
You have the right to object to us using your personal data for direct marketing purposes, including any profiling or similar activities which are performed as a precursor to direct marketing. The activities described in this privacy notice do not include the use of personal data for direct marketing purposes but you have the right to object to us doing so in the future.
Rectification:
If the information that we hold about you is inaccurate or out of date, you have a right to ask us to correct it.
Objection to processing based on legitimate interests:
Where we rely on the legitimate interests legal basis for using your personal data (see
section 5
above), you can object to that use of the data. We will then review and decide the extent to which we can continue to use the data in light of your particular circumstances.
Erasure:
In certain circumstances you can ask us to delete your personal data from our systems. However, this usually won’t apply to all of your data because we might have good reason for needing to keep some of it.
Restriction:
In some circumstances you can ask us to restrict the ways in which we use your personal data.
Portability:
In some circumstances you have the right to receive some limited kinds of information in a portable format. However, this typically does not apply to the data to which this privacy notice applies.
Please refer to our
Consumer Contact Privacy Notice
for information about how we will handle your personal data in connection with complaints and enquiries.
10.
WHO CAN YOU COMPLAIN TO IF YOU ARE UNHAPPY ABOUT THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We try to ensure that we deliver the best levels of customer service but if you are not happy you should make contact so that we can investigate your concerns. Please contact us through our
Consumer Enquiries
page.
You can also contact our Data Protection Officer at
ukdpo@transunion.com
.
Please refer to our
Consumer Contact Privacy Notice
for information about how we will handle your personal data in connection with complaints and enquiries.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), which is the body that regulates the handling of personal data in the United Kingdom. You can do this online through the ICO’s website at
www.ico.org.uk
, by telephone on 0303 123 1113, or by writing to them at Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF.
Back to top
By clicking “Accept All” you agree to TransUnion Information Group Limited setting and using cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage and for marketing purposes. For more information, please see the
TransUnion Information Group Cookie Notice
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 1
https://www.meccabingo.com/house-privacy-policy:
HOUSE PRIVACY POLICY
Introduction
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Policy explains the basis on which personal information we hold about you in respect of our retail venues will be processed by us and others.
Our Mecca venues are operated by Mecca Bingo Limited (‘Mecca Bingo’). Mecca Bingo is the data controller and complies with all applicable data protection laws.
Mecca Bingo is a member of The Rank Group Plc group of companies (‘Rank Group’) which operates gaming venues in Europe and digital gaming sites, including the Bella Casino, Enracha, Grosvenor Casino, and Mecca brands.
Information Collection and Use
Personal information is collected during the registration process, from your activity in-Club and when you communicate with us in person or by telephone, e-mail or otherwise (and we may record such communications).
We may also obtain personal information from third parties such as Experian and public sources, including social media. This may include information to check your age, identity, source of funds and to prevent fraud or other illegal activities.
We may combine some aspects of the information you give to us with the information we collect about you.
We use CCTV cameras throughout our premises and these may capture images of you while you are there.
Types of Information
The information you give us or that we may collect may include your name, age, gender, date of birth, image, address, telephone number, e-mail address, bank details and other identity and source of funds information.
How we may use that information
Personal information given by you or collected by us will be used for the purposes listed below. We will only collect and retain it to the extent that it is required for these purposes.
These purposes are to:
create and maintain your account with us and to build up an accurate customer profile of you to deliver our service in our legitimate interests and/or under the agreement between us;
carry out our obligations arising from our agreement, including payment processing;
verify your age, identity and source of funds, undertake checks for risk management and the prevention of fraud for our legitimate interests of ensuring that use of our services is lawful and non-fraudulent and/or to comply with our legal obligations;
notify you about changes to our service for delivering our service under the agreement between us;
provide you, or permit other companies within the Rank Group to provide you, with information, offers, products or services which are similar to or related to those we provide or to
contact you for market research purposes. We will only use your information in this way in accordance with laws relating to marketing directly to individuals, and/or in the pursuit of our legitimate interest of marketing our business; and
to disclose it to third parties in accordance with clause 4 below in our legitimate interest and/or for the reasons set out in clause 4.
Marketing and consents
You may from time to time be asked to give your consent to your information being used for specific purposes, including marketing.
If you wish to alter your consent preferences at any time please speak to a receptionist or phone or e-mail us as set out in section 10. It may take us a short time to action these preferences.
Disclosure of your Personal Information
We may share your personal information with any member of the Rank Group for administrative purposes.
We may also share your personal information in the manner set out below:
to marketing partners selected by us for the purposes of selecting and serving relevant promotional materials and adverts to you. We will only do this with your consent;
to any third party and their advisors if all or any part of our business or assets is intended to be sold to that third party and the personal information held by us is likely to be one of the assets transferred;
to any legal, regulatory or law enforcement authority to comply with any legal obligation, to enforce our House Terms or to protect the rights, property or safety of Mecca Bingo, its customers or others.
to exchange information with third parties to verify your age, identity and source of funds, undertake checks for risk management and the prevention of fraud and to comply with all regulatory requirements. To do so we and our agencies may check your details against any database (public or otherwise), make other enquiries and record, retain, use and disclose such information to others. Our agencies may use your details in the future to assist other companies for similar purposes. These agencies may include C6 Intelligence Information Systems, Experian, GB Group and Kroll Associates;
to our suppliers to the extent required for them to fully perform their services, such as our payment processors and card issuing banks. This may include Barclays Bank;
to our professional advisers;
to other casinos and appropriate third parties about any suspected criminal or dishonest acts including collusion, cheating (including obtaining an unfair advantage), fraudulent practice or other unlawful or improper activity.
Access and Corrections
You have the following rights over the way we process personal information relating to you. We aim to respond without undue delay, and within one month at the latest:
to ask for a copy of your personal information that we are processing and have inaccuracies corrected;
to ask us to restrict, stop processing, or to delete your personal information;
to request a machine-readable copy of your personal information, which you can use with another service provider. Where it is technically feasible, you can ask us to send this information directly to another provider if you prefer; and
to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Cross-Border Information Transfer
Where we transfer your personal information outside of the EEA, we have agreements in place with those parties which include standard data protection clauses to ensure that appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your personal information.
Retention Periods
We will cease use of your personal information for marketing purposes no more than two years after your last transaction with us. We typically retain your personal information for seven years from when our relationship ends us to satisfy our regulatory obligations, including anti-money laundering regulations. If we hold any information relating to problem gambling matters or any suspension or termination of your account, we may hold this for a longer period, as we reasonably deem necessary.
Security
We will take all reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss misuse or alteration of your personal information. Please be aware that, although we endeavour to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes to our Policy
We may make changes to this Policy at any time. Any significant amendments will be notified to customers by a notice displayed in Reception for a period of 14 days and by display of the revised House Privacy Policy.
Contact Centre
If you have any questions or requests please contact us at:
Telephone numbers: Mecca 0800 083 1988;
E-mail:
support@meccabingo.com;
Registered office: Mecca Bingo, TOR, Saint Cloud Way, Maidenhead, Berkshire SL6 8BN
Last updated 15 May 2018
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Strictly Necessary Only
Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label