Hudl Privacy Policy
Hudl Privacy Policy
1. Collection and Use of Personal Information
2. Personal Information We Collect
3. Athlete Profile Pages
4. Hudl Fan
5. Data Storage
6. Disclosures to Third Parties
7. Children
8. Web Beacons
9. Cookies
10. Hosted Service Partners and Their Privacy Options
11. Tracking
12. Third Party Websites
13. Messaging and Notifications
14. Retention of Personal Information
15. Confidentiality and Security
16. Compliance with Privacy Laws
17. Grounds for Processing in the UK/EEA
18. Your European Data Protection Rights
19. International Transfer of Personal Data
20. Data Protection Officer
21. US State Specific Disclosures
22. Contact Us
23. Changes
Your privacy is important to Agile Sports Technologies, Inc., dba Hudl and its subsidiaries (“Hudl”, “we”, “our”, or “us”), and Hudl is committed to the protection of your personal information. Our Privacy Policy exists to help you understand what information Hudl collects, how we collect and use it, and what choices you have. To make sure your personal information is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Hudl employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company. Please read this Privacy Policy before visiting our websites, accessing or using our services or products (including our websites, platforms, mobile applications, software and other services and Hudl manufactured devices) or providing any personal information to Hudl. If you do not wish to have your information used and disclosed as provided in this Privacy Policy, please refrain from providing your information and/or delete the information you may have submitted in the past. In doing so, please understand that your access to information, services and other benefits may be substantially limited. Further assistance is available via email to
support@hudl.com
.
If you use Hudl’s products or services, further information may also be provided in your contract with us. If you are an employee, worker or contractor of Hudl, the information about how we handle your personal information is available in the Hudl Handbook. With respect to employees based in Europe, we are committed to cooperating with EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and comply with the advice given by such authorities with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU in the context of the employment relationship. We do not collect social security or equivalent national tax ID numbers, except for employment purposes. If you are a prospective employee or job applicant of Hudl, we will provide you with information about how we handle your personal information for recruitment purposes. This will be provided to you if you commence any of our recruitment initiatives.
1. Collection and Use of Personal Information
Personal information is data relating to a person that can be used to help uniquely identify them, either directly or indirectly. We may collect personal information from and about you, including information that you provide, automatically collected information, and information from other sources. You may be asked to provide personal information when in contact with Hudl. If you do not provide us with certain requested personal information, we may not be able to provide you with some or all of Hudl’s products and services.
Hudl may use your personal information to provide and customize our products and services, to process your transactions when you place an order through our products or services, to provide customer support, to communicate with you, to administer and improve our products and services, to maintain security and prevent fraud, to meet our legal obligations, or otherwise where you direct us or give us consent to use your personal information. Hudl may send you periodic marketing and promotional emails, push notifications, or text messages to your mobile device (about Hudl products or services or third party products or services), and we will obtain your consent to do so, where required by law. If you no longer wish to receive our marketing and promotional communications, you may opt out of receiving them by following the opt-out instructions included in any communication that you receive from us or by contacting support@hudl.com. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing and promotional communications from us, we may still send you administrative and transactional messages from which you cannot opt out.
We may use your personal information for purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve Hudl’s products, services, and customer communications. Hudl and its partners may share your personal information and use it as described in this Privacy Policy. Such information may be combined with other information to provide and improve products, services, content, and advertising. This Privacy Policy does not cover and is not intended to restrict what we do with information that is aggregated, de-identified, or anonymized, so it is no longer associated with an individually identifiable user. Please note that we may combine personal information that we collect (as described above) with information from other sources and use the combined information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Certain products and services of Hudl may use the YouTube API Services to allow you to authorize Hudl to connect to your YouTube account in order to livestream using YouTube. Any personal information you provide when using the YouTube API Services is governed by the Google Privacy Policy (
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
). By authorizing Hudl to connect to your YouTube account, we will obtain, collect, store and use information related to your YouTube channel, which information allows us to stream video to YouTube on your behalf. This information includes your Channel ID, Channel Name, and Authorization Tokens (“YouTube API Data”). You can revoke the access of Hudl’s products and services to your YouTube API Data via the Google security settings page at
https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions
.
2. Personal Information We Collect
When you visit our website(s), download or install a software application, use one of our services, create a registered user account, purchase or register a product (including our Hudl manufactured devices), complete a survey, enter a sweepstakes, participate in a promotion, attend an event of ours, or download a software update, we may collect personal information, including but not limited to: name, mailing address, phone number, email address, relationship to athlete (for family members), athlete profile information (as described in Section 3 below), contact preferences, health information, purchase history, viewing information for Hudl Fans, credit card information and payment history.
We may also collect such information when you contact us in person (for example, at clinics, conferences, workshops, seminars and other events) or via telephone, facsimile, or email or within our services. When you send us an email, that address will be recorded automatically for purposes of replying to your email. If you represent an organization, such as a professional sports club, by providing your email address, you are subscribing to our electronic newsletter and product updates, which may include information about new features and new services. You may unsubscribe from this content by following the steps detailed in the email footer or by contacting
support@hudl.com
.
We may receive and store certain types of website usage information when you visit our websites. Website usage information helps us determine how visitors arrive, what type of content is most popular and which visitors are interested in particular content and advertising. We may collect the page visited, the time, the source of the request, the type of browser making the request, the preceding page view and other information about your engagement with our site and services. We may also collect your IP address and your Device Identifier. A Device Identifier is a number automatically assigned to the computer, cell phone or tablet used to access the Internet. We may associate your Device Identifier with the personal information you provide.
If you wear a wearable device manufactured by us, certain information such as the following may be captured by the device automatically: GPS and positioning information, acceleration, metadata on workouts, duration of your physical activity, and, if using an external device, resting heart rate, heart rate variability, skin temperature, blood oxygen saturation level, and data reflecting on strain and recovery. You may also provide us with physiological profile information, including birthday, gender, weight, height, and fitness/athlete level. This information can be accessed by the athlete, coaches and team administrators. We may use certain of this information to customize your experience with us as part of our products and services.
When you browse our website(s), we may collect information about you, regardless of whether you have created a registered user account. However, if you choose to access our websites anonymously, we may not be able to provide you with particular products or services. We collect and store personal information if you provide any such personal information, register as a user, provide details at an event, complete a survey or supply personal details through any other form of correspondence. Hudl uses this information to provide products and services, as well as for billing, identification, authentication, products and services improvement, contact and research purposes. This information may include: date, time, computer identity, crash data, device type and setting, operating system, language, region, log preferences, registration key, license level, license code, license code status, code registration date, last validation date, Ethernet address, IP address, MAC address, licensed software name and version, OS version, and any other information about user actions required to improve, support and maintain our software.
In some cases, you may provide information to us about other people, such as employees, students, team members, family members and athletes. For example, if you fill out an Athlete Profile Page (described below) or upload or capture game video.
We may receive personal information about you from third parties, including from licensors of game video, our customers who create user-generated content (including Athlete Profile Page information, messages, comments, photographs, livestreams, audio recordings, videos and text that users of our products and services choose to create or capture with or upload to our products and services), our payment processors, our partners who assist us in fraud prevention or in connection with claims or disputes, our partners with whom we work for advertising measurement, attribution, and analytics and from publicly available sources, among other sources. When you pay for products and services of ours using a credit card or other payment method, your credit card or other payment information is collected and processed by our third-party payment processors. For example, if you pay with a credit card, the payment information that you provide through our services is transmitted directly to our payment processor. We may receive limited information about your payment card from our payment processors. Our payment processors will collect the financial information necessary to process your payments in accordance with the payment processor’s respective services agreement and privacy policy.
3. Athlete Profile Pages
These pages may contain and therefore collect: name, home and email addresses, phone number, school (name, city and state), graduation year, GPA, ACT/SAT scores, transcripts, parent/guardian information (name, relation, email and phone), age, birth date, photograph, height, weight, jersey number, Twitter handle, sports position, performance scores (40-yard dash, agility shuffle, power ball, vertical jump), speed and strength information, sports awards, sports videos featuring the athlete, and other athlete profile information, as may be updated from time to time. This information can be accessed by the athlete, coaches and team administrators. Verified recruiters may access the profile information of athletes located outside the EU and of those athletes inside the EU that have affirmatively consented to this. The general public may have limited access to athlete profile information based on administrator selected privacy settings. Home and email addresses, phone number, GPA, ACT/SAT scores, transcripts, parent/guardian information (name, relation, email and phone), age, birth date, graduation year and sports awards are not available to the general public by default.
4. Hudl Fan
Certain Hudl products and services allow individuals (“Hudl Fans”) to view games, highlights and other content posted and made available for viewing by organization customers and their users (“Organization Content”). This includes livestreamed and archived game video, among other content. Hudl Fans may be able to view some limited content without creating an account; however, most content requires a registered Hudl account in order to view it.
A Hudl Fan account is not associated with an organization customer of Hudl, and a Hudl Fan is not a user of any organization customer of Hudl. For Hudl Fans, we may share your name, email address, how you logged in (such as through a social media login but not your login information) and details of the particular organization’s Organization Content you viewed or purchased with that particular organization.
As a registered Hudl Fan, you may be able to buy tickets to a live event from an organization customer of Hudl. Hudl may share your full name, email address and the number of tickets you have purchased with the organization customer of Hudl offering the live event. Hudl may also share with the organization any support inquiries you have made related to tickets for live events, and your personal information, with such organization.
5. Data Storage
Hudl uses third-party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage and related technology required to run the Hudl website, and such third-party vendors may collect and store your data on behalf of Hudl. Hudl owns the code, databases and all rights therein. Hudl incorporates reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your personal information. However, no data transmission over the Internet, wireless transmission, or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that Hudl cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit via its websites and/or products, and you do so at your own risk. The websites are general audience websites.
6. Disclosures to Third Parties
There are circumstances where we may wish to disclose or are compelled to disclose your personal information to third parties. We may disclose your personal information to the categories of recipients (and for the purposes) listed below.
Our affiliates, subsidiaries, branches, and associated offices
. We may disclose your personal information to our affiliates, subsidiaries, branches, and associated offices and other companies under common control and ownership for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy and other business and operational purposes.
Our agents, representatives, distributors, and independent contractors
. We may disclose your personal information to such third parties where related to their functions and services.
Our service providers and third-party partners
. We may disclose your personal information to third parties that provide services to us or provide features as part of our products or services, including: cloud storage services; system hosting services; research partners; data security services; fraud prevention; payment processing services; delivery services; analytics services; legal services; professional services; and other services.
Our organization customers
. We may disclose your personal information to our third-party organization customers offering streaming and archived content and tickets to Hudl Fans as described in this Privacy Policy. You can tell when a third party is involved, and we share your personal information related to those transactions and involvement with that third party.
Our licensees
. We may disclose your personal information to licensees of content where you, our customer’s or others have given us permission to share such content.
Our marketing and advertising partners
. We may disclose your personal information to our marketing and advertising partners, including social media platforms, third-party advertising networks, and other parties to assist in serving and measuring our or their advertisements, in compliance with applicable law.
Other users of our products and services
. We may disclose your personal information to other users of our products and services if you choose to make such information public or you select sharing features on our products or services. For example, if you share highlights publicly on the Hudl website, such highlights will be viewable by website visitors.
In connection with legal matters
. We may share your personal information when we believe that the disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable laws, regulations, legal processes, or legal requests.
In connection with potential illegal activity, misuse, threats, or other situations
. We may share your personal information when we believe that the disclosure is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Hudl Site Terms or Acceptable Use Policy, or as otherwise required by law.
Third parties in connection with a sale or business transaction
. We may disclose your personal information in the course of following transactions involving one or more Hudl entity: joint venture, collaboration, financing, sale of assets, merger, reorganization, change of legal form, other sale or purchase of assets during the normal course of business on a temporary or permanent basis, dissolution, or similar event. If another entity acquires us (or any subsidiary or affiliated entity) or any of our (or such subsidiary’s or affiliate’s) assets, personal information that we have collected may be transferred to such entity and its advisors leading up to and following the transaction, including as part of due diligence and upon closing of the transaction. In addition, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, personal information that we hold may be considered an asset of ours and may be sold or transferred to third parties.
Other third parties
. We may disclose your personal information to other parties at your direction or with your consent. We may also disclose your personal information to other parties if we believe it necessary or appropriate either: (a) under applicable law; (b) to protect our operations and those of any of our affiliates; (c) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and those of others; or (d) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit damages that we may sustain.
We may disclose your personal information for other reasons that we will describe at the time of information collection or prior to sharing your information. Any disclosure to third parties will only take place in accordance with the applicable law and for the purposes listed. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, Hudl is not responsible for the privacy practices of any third parties.
7. Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under age thirteen (13) (or the otherwise applicable age of digital consent in any particular jurisdiction). Children under the applicable age of digital consent are not permitted to use our websites and services, and must request a team adult, parent or guardian provide any personal data in connection with the site and/or services. We will delete any information later determined to have been collected from an underage user. Coaches and Account Administrators may add underage users to a team roster and/or direct invite codes to such users only with express written consent from a parent or legal guardian. Hudl is not liable for obtaining such consent on behalf of a team.
8. Web Beacons
Our website uses techniques (generally, single-pixel images embedded in a web page) called “web beacons.” Web beacons allow Hudl and third parties to monitor and collect information about the viewer of the web page, web-based document, email message or other communication, such as the type of browser requesting the web beacon, the Device Identifier that the web beacon is sent to, and the time the web beacon was viewed. Hudl uses web beacons to count web browsers, visits and page views. It also uses beacons to monitor traffic and conversion patterns, to personalize your experience, including advertising and content, and to determine whether or not messages were opened, links were clicked or notifications/offers were acted upon.
9. Cookies
A “cookie” is a small amount of data that often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer’s hard drive. When you access this website, cookies may be sent to your web browser and stored on your computer or mobile device. We use cookies to record information about your online preferences and allow us to tailor our websites to your interests. Information supplied by cookies can help us to understand the profile of our visitors and help us to provide you with a better user experience. It also helps us to recognize when you are signed in to your Hudl account and to provide a more personalized experience. Additionally, Hudl uses cookies to serve some targeted advertising. To help promote Hudl teams and athletes, we sometimes embed content from social media and other third-party websites. These may include Vimeo, YouTube, Twitter, Facebook, SoundCloud, Spotify, Instagram, and Flickr. As a result, when you visit a page containing such content, you may be presented with cookies from these websites and these third-party cookies may track your use of the Hudl website. Hudl does not control the dissemination of these cookies and you should check the relevant third party's website for more information.
10. Hosted Service Partners and Their Privacy Options
Our major network advertising partners include Facebook, Google, Twitter, LiveRamp, Amobee, and their respective advertising networks. These partners may use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect information and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. If you wish to restrict, remove or refuse to accept cookies which are set by any website (including this website), you should do this through the browser settings for each browser you use to access the Internet. The Help function within your browser should tell you how to do so. For further information about how to restrict, remove, and refuse to accept cookies, visit
www.aboutcookies.org
or
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
You can
opt out of Facebook collection here
. You can
opt out of Google analytics here
, and
adjust other Google privacy settings here
. Twitter also uses conversion tracking and tailored audience products for advertisements. You can
modify your Twitter privacy settings here
. You can
opt out of LiveRamp here
. You can
opt out of Amobee here
. Our website may also provide hyperlinks to other websites owned and controlled by others. Hudl is not responsible for the privacy practices of any website that it does not own or otherwise control, and you should read the privacy policies of websites owned and controlled by others before deciding whether to proceed.
11. Tracking
Some browsers have a “do not track” feature that lets you tell websites you do not want to have your online activities tracked. We respond to “do not track” signals as required by applicable law.
12. Third Party Websites
Some links on the Hudl websites may redirect you to third-party websites and services that we do not operate. We may also offer social sharing tools that let you share actions on the Hudl website with other websites and vice versa. The privacy practices of these websites and services will be governed by their own privacy policies. We encourage you to review and understand their privacy policies before disclosing any personal information to them.
Online training sessions are governed by the privacy policy of a separate company. If you attend an online training session, we will disclose to you the separate company providing the training platform.
13. Messaging and Notifications
Hudl’s private messaging tools (“Hudl Messaging”) are available to Hudl subscribers. Messages may be between one sender and one or more recipients. Hudl Messaging enables users to have conversations with athletes, coaches, family members (if available), custom groups, the whole team on the same Hudl roster, or the whole organization (if available). Hudl Messaging is intended for use that includes, but is not limited to, sending reminders about practice times, requesting feedback from the team, discussing game strategy, or sharing links to training resources.
Hudl Messaging may allow users to invite family members to conversations. If a family member is approved by a team administrator or coach to be associated with a team for your organization, then the family member can participate in Hudl Messaging to the extent allowed by the organization administrator.
When a message is sent, all participants in the conversation (except the sender) receive a notification within Hudl Messaging that they have a new unread message.
Once a message is deleted from the sender’s personal account, it is deleted from the recipient(s’) account(s) as well. Neither the recipient nor the sender is then able to see the message. Once the message is deleted, the action cannot be undone. Any information the sender submits through messaging, however, may be passed along by the recipient without the sender’s knowledge. This may occur by forwarding the notification email or text, or capturing and forwarding a screenshot of the message(s) prior to deletion.
Hudl supports the privacy and competitiveness of teams by requiring authentication to view the messages and files shared within Hudl Messaging. Hudl reserves the right, but is not obligated to, disclose any information if, in its sole opinion, Hudl suspects or has reason to suspect that the information involves a party who may be the victim of harassment in any form. Information may be disclosed to authorities that Hudl, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate to handle such disclosure. Appropriate authorities may include, without limitation, law enforcement agencies, child protection agencies, or court officials. Additionally, Hudl reserves the right to divulge the contents of a communication to an addressee or intended recipient of such communication. Given this, even if both the sender and recipient(s) deleted their message(s), conversation(s) directed at either party may be provided to the individual at either party’s request.
We may also use aggregated Messaging information for purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve Hudl’s products, services, and customer communications. Hudl will not share with any partners any information provided via Messaging, except on aggregate, unless explicitly approved by the team admin.
We reserve the right to access Messaging information when necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, including suspected fraud, harassment, and threats to the safety of any person, as well as violations of our Hudl Site Terms or Acceptable Use Policy, or as otherwise required by law.
14. Retention of Personal Information
We keep personal information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we have collected it as set out in this Privacy Policy, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, unless longer retention is required by applicable law. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing our products and services, and enhancing their safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defense of legal claims. We will not retain any of your personal information beyond this period and the retention of your personal information will be subject to periodic review.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information; the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information; the purposes for which we use the personal information; whether we can achieve those purposes through other means; and the applicable laws that require us to retain information for regulatory purposes or permit us to retain the information to preserve our legal rights.
We may keep an anonymized form of your personal information, which will no longer refer to you, for statistical purposes without time limits, to the extent that we have a legitimate and lawful interest in doing so.
15. Confidentiality and Security
Hudl is committed to seeking to safeguard all personal information that you provide to us; seeking to ensure that it remains confidential and secure; and taking all reasonable steps to ensure that personal privacy is respected. All our data is stored in written or electronic form on our servers and computers and in various physical locations. We maintain reasonable physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect your personal information from misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, and loss or corruption by computer viruses and other sources of harm. We limit access to personal information to those staff members, joint venture partners, subsidiary companies and third parties who need to know that information for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
16. Compliance with Privacy Laws
Hudl complies with the data protection and privacy laws to which it is subject. You should satisfy yourself that you are familiar with those laws, including any exceptions which may apply under them. You should also be aware that privacy laws in various jurisdictions may change from time to time. Except to the extent expressly stated otherwise in this Privacy Policy, Hudl accepts no obligations with respect to the handling of personal information other than those mandated by law in the country which has or countries which have jurisdiction over Hudl in any given circumstances.
17. Grounds for Processing in the UK/EEA
If you are in the United Kingdom and/or European Economic Area, to process your data lawfully we need to rely on one or more valid legal grounds. The grounds we may rely upon include: (1) your consent to particular processing activities. For example, where you have consented to us using your information for marketing purposes; (2) our legitimate interests as a business (except where your interests or fundamental rights override these). For example, it is within our legitimate interests to use your data to send you our electronic newsletter and product updates if you represent a corporate entity (unless you have unsubscribed); (3) our compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject. For example, we have a duty to investigate and respond to complaints made against us and may need to process your personal information as part of such investigation; or (4) if you are a customer, or are representing a customer, because processing your personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract.
18. Your European Data Protection Rights
Please contact us at
support@hudl.com
cc:
legal@hudl.com
any time to exercise any of your data protection rights. Data protection law applicable to individuals in Europe provides individuals with certain rights, including the right to access, rectify, withdraw consent, erase, restrict, transport, and object to the processing of their personal information. Individuals also have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant information protection authority if they believe that their personal information is not being processed in accordance with the law. Further information about your rights is set out below:
Right to obtain a copy of your personal information.
You may have the right to obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you.
Right to rectification.
You may request that we rectify any inaccurate and/or complete any incomplete personal information. If we disagree and believe the information to be accurate and complete, we will advise you and include a notation on the record that you dispute the information’s accuracy. We will respond to your request to correct or supplement your personal information within a reasonable time period and, in any event, within any time period specified in relevant laws.
Right to withdraw consent
. You may, as permitted by law, withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal information at any time. Such withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your previous consent. Please note that if you withdraw your consent, you may not be able to benefit from certain service features for which the processing of your personal information is essential.
Right to object to processing.
You may, as permitted by law, request that we stop processing your personal information. You also have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes.
Right to erasure.
You may request that we erase your personal information and we will comply, unless there is a lawful reason for not doing so.
Your right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority
. We suggest that you contact us about any questions or if you have a complaint in relation to how we process your personal information. However, you do have the right to contact the relevant supervisory authority in the relevant country directly. In the UK, this is the Information Commissioner’s Office at
https://ico.org.uk
.
19. International Transfer of Personal Data
Individuals in the European Union and the UK should be aware that Hudl may transfer your personal data to a third party in countries outside the EU or the UK for further processing in accordance with the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. In particular, your personal data may be transferred throughout the Hudl group and to our outsourced service providers located abroad. In these circumstances, we will, as required by applicable law, ensure that your privacy rights are adequately protected by appropriate technical, organization, contractual or other lawful means.
All data that Hudl sends out of the EU/EEA/UK is sent to countries with an EU or UK adequacy status, as applicable, or to organisations with signed EU Standard Contract Clauses or UK Standard Contractual Clauses. Hudl transfers data between its group of companies, for which the international transfers of EU/EEA/UK data are detailed within Hudl’s Intra-Group Data Transfer Agreement, which itself includes the required EU Standard Contract Clauses and UK Standard Contractual Clauses.
All Hudl data transfers to the US are TLS encrypted and generally consist of insensitive personal data. Hudl therefore believes the risk of government surveillance to the privacy of transferred personal data to be very low. Additionally, Hudl will only provide personal data to applicable law enforcement authorities when under strict legal compulsion. When permitted by applicable law, law enforcement and exigencies of time, Hudl will notify its customers of any such legal requests involving their personal data.
20. Data Protection Officer
Individuals in the UK, European Economic Area, Switzerland or Singapore with inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy should first contact Hudl's Data Protection Officer at:
Data Protection Officer
Hudl UK, Ltd.
Suncourt House 2nd Floor 8-26 Essex Road
London N1 8LN United Kingdom
email:
dpo@hudl.com
cc:
legal@hudl.com
21. US State Specific Disclosures
See our
Hudl U.S. State Specific Privacy Policy
.
22. Contact Us
The websites are owned and operated by Agile Sports Technologies, Inc. dba Hudl and its subsidiaries.
Hudl Legal Department
600 P Street Suite 400
Lincoln, NE 68508 United States
email:
dpo@hudl.com
cc:
legal@hudl.com
Our UK subsidiary, Hudl UK, Ltd, is registered in England and Wales under registration number 06962812, with registered office at Suncourt House 2nd Floor, 8-26 Essex Road, London, England, N1 8LN. Hudl UK, Ltd is a registered Data Controller with the UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), number ZA326152. You can contact Hudl UK, Ltd. by writing to the UK business address or email addresses given above.
23. Changes
Hudl may periodically update this Privacy Policy. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will govern our use of your information and will always be available at http://www.hudl.com/privacy. By using our websites, services, and products, you acknowledge your agreement to the terms of this Privacy Policy. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the email address specified in your membership account or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Updated 18 Oct 2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads/authenticated:
Sign in
with your Google Account. This account will be available to other Google apps in the browser.
Email or phone
Forgot email?
Type the text you hear or see
Not your computer? Use Guest mode to sign in privately.
Learn more about using Guest mode
Next
Create account
For my personal use
For my child
For work or my business
Sign in with your Google Account. This account will be available to other Google apps in the browser.
Sub-policy 2
https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405:
Skip to main content
Help Center
Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
Sign in
Contact Us
Help Center
Your privacy controls for personalized ads
Help Center
Your privacy controls for personalized ads
About personalized ads
We work with ads partners to bring you more useful and interesting advertising content through interest-based advertising. For example, we may do this based on information that ad partners share with us. We hope that this increases the usefulness of X Ads for you.
Here’s one way it would work. Let’s say a flower shop wants to advertise a Valentine’s Day special on X. They’d prefer to show their ad to floral enthusiasts who subscribe to their newsletter. To get the special offer to those people who are using X, the shop may share with us hashed emails from their mailing list. We can then match that to a hash of emails that our users have associated with their accounts in order to show them a Promoted post for the Valentine’s Day deal on X.
Another way this works is when a person visits the flower shop’s website. In that case, depending on technologies implemented by the shop’s website, X may collect information through pixels and similar technologies that enable the shop owner to advertise through X and reach those visitors with a Valentine’s Day offer. For more information about pixels and similar technologies we use, see our
Cookie Policy
.
About X marketing
In addition to helping advertisers to reach their audiences on X, X also works with third-party advertising partners, including Google, to market X’s own services, including through the delivery of interest-based ads. These partners may also serve ads on behalf of X advertisers. The privacy options described below apply to interest-based ads served by X; they do not apply to ads served by these other companies, including on X’s behalf. You can learn more about opting out of receiving interest-based ads from other companies at
optout.aboutads.info
and
www.networkadvertising.org/choices
. If you are on the web, you can also opt out of Google Analytics by installing Google’s
opt-out browser add-on
, and opt out of interest-based Google ads using
Google’s Ads Settings
.
What are my privacy options?
If you don't want X to combine your activity on X with other online activity from our partners to show you interest-based ads on and off of X, there are several ways to turn off this feature:
Using your X settings, visit the
Ads preferences
settings and disable the
Personalized ads
setting.
If you are on the web, you can visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer choice tool at
optout.aboutads.info
to opt out of seeing interest-based advertising from X in your current browser.
On iOS 13 and previous versions only, if you do not want X to show you interest-based ads in X for iOS on your current mobile device, enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting in your iOS phone’s settings (precise directions may be different on different iOS versions). On iOS 14 and later versions only, if you don't want X to access your iOS Identifier for Advertising, disable the “Allow Apps to Request to Track” setting in your iOS settings (precise directions may be different on different iOS versions). If you do not want X to show you interest-based ads in X for Android on your current mobile device, enable “Opt out of Ads Personalization” in your Android phone’s settings.
Note:
Please confirm that you are logged in if you want to view or change the web settings for your X account. Changing your X settings in your web browser when you are logged out will only affect behavior on that browser while you are not logged in to X.
Opting out of X’s interest-based ads won’t stop you from seeing X ads altogether. For example, you may still see ads on X that are personalized based on other information, including what you post, who you follow, what type of phone you use, where you are, and the links you click on X.
Share this article
Post
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 3
https://www.hudl.com/privacy/us-states:
Hudl U.S. State Specific Privacy Policy
This Hudl U.S. State Specific Privacy Policy (this “State Specific Privacy Policy”) supplements the information contained in the
Hudl Privacy Policy
for individual residents of certain U.S. states. This State Specific Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information and the rights afforded to certain U.S. residents regarding such personal information, based on their applicable state laws.
1. Who does this State Specific Privacy Policy apply to?
Rights are afforded to certain U.S. citizens based on applicable privacy laws in their state (“State Privacy Laws”). Rights are given to such residents in their individual or household capacity, not as representatives for a team, club, or organization. Throughout this State Specific Privacy Policy, “you” or “your” refers to the residents of states with State Privacy Laws, acting in their individual capacity, while references to “we” “us” or “our” all refer to Hudl.
2. Definitions used throughout this State Specific Privacy Policy
In this State Specific Privacy Policy and Hudl’s Privacy Policy, the definitions align with those used in your applicable State Privacy Law. Occasionally, the terms used in Hudl’s policies closely resemble the definitions from your applicable State Privacy Law. For example:
Personal information:
In all states except California, the term “personal information” refers to “personal data” as defined by your State Privacy Law. For California residents, this aligns with the CCPA’s definition of “personal information.” In all cases, personal information excludes publicly available data and de-identified information.
Sensitive personal information:
In all states except California, this term corresponds to “sensitive personal data” based on your State Privacy Law. For California residents, it aligns with the CCPA’s definition of “sensitive personal information.”
3. How we collect, use, and your personal information
To provide our products or services, we process information about you, including your personal information. We recommend reading
Hudl’s Privacy Policy
for a full description about the personal information we collect (see Section 2), use of your personal information (see Section 1) and to whom we disclose that personal information (see Section 6).
In particular, the information we collect, use, and disclose about you will depend on how you use Hudl. Categories of personal information we may have collected about you over the past 12 months include:
Identifiers;
Characteristics of protected classifications;
Commercial information;
Internet or other similar network activity information;
Location-related information;
Audio or visual information, including photos and videos;
Professional or employment related information;
Educational information;
Information derived from your personal information, such as your interests or preferences; and
Other information you provide.
We may also collect sensitive personal information, depending on the product or service of ours that you use. This may include:
Biometric data;
Precise geolocation;
Content of messages you send and received (considered sensitive personal information under CCPA); and
Information about your health.
Please note that we will never use or disclose any sensitive personal information you give us except to provide you with the goods and services you have requested (or where you are an authorized user of a Hudl customer, to provide the Hudl customer with the goods or services requested) or for the limited purposes allowed under the law.
You should also know our disclosures of non-sensitive, personal information may be considered a “sale” under some State Privacy Laws. For example, if you opt-in to recruiting on our platform, Hudl will share your personal information with verified recruiters to help you get recruited. Additionally, Hudl may share game video, highlights, or other content on our products or services with customer or third-party consent, and this too may be considered a “sale” under State Privacy Laws. Further, Hudl may share your personal information with third-party streaming content providers to livestream your games. We recommend reading the
Hudl Privacy Policy
for more information on how we share or “sell” your personal information.
4. Your rights under State Privacy Laws and how to exercise those rights
Depending on applicable State Privacy Laws and subject to certain exceptions, you may have some or all of the following rights:
Right to Know:
The right to request we tell what personal information we’ve collected about you, the purposes for collecting this information, and the categories of third parties to whom we’ve disclosed it. This also includes the right to data portability, which means the right to request a copy of your personal information.
Right to Request Deletion:
The right to request we delete your personal information.
Right to Request Correction:
The right to request we correct inaccurate personal information.
Right to Opt Out of Personal Information Processing for Targeted Advertising, Sales or Profiling:
The right to request Hudl stop sharing your personal information for Targeted Advertising, “selling” your personal information (as described in Section 3), or using your personal information for profiling (automatic decision making).
Right to Non-Discrimination:
The right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your privacy rights.
Right to Process Sensitive Personal Information:
The right to limit use of, opt out of, or require prior consent to process sensitive personal information.
To submit a request to exercise your rights, and if applicable, to appeal a denial of any of your rights, please email
support@hudl.com.
The body of your email should:
Include your state of legal residence;
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information (or their Authorized Agent, or a parent/legal guardian, if applicable);
Describe your request in enough detail that our team can properly understand, evaluate, and respond; and
Clearly state which right(s) you are exercising.
If your State Privacy Law allows you to exercise rights via an authorized agent, you should also describe and verify your authorized agent status.
Alternatively, you can submit a request to exercise your rights by submitting the following form:
State Privacy Rights Request Form
.
If you change your mind and want to opt back in to any of Hudl’s services that require collection or disclosure of Personal Data, you can also do this by emailing
support@hudl.com
.
Please note: We may need to verify your identity before processing the request, and in some cases, we may need to collect additional information for such identity verification. You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights and we will only use the information provided in an opt-out request, or additional identity verification request, to review and comply with your request. Under some State Privacy Laws, you may also designate an authorized agent to make these requests on your behalf. We may require proof of their status as an authorized agent and again request additional information to verify your identity before processing these requests.
5. California Specific Rights
Residents of California have a few additional rights to those listed above:
Right to Opt-Out:
Those aged 16 or older have the right to direct us not to “sell” or “share” (as either term is defined in the CCPA) your personal information at any time.
Right to Opt-In:
Those between age 13 and 16 must give affirmative authorization for us to sell or share your personal information, and those under the age of 13 must have their parent or legal guardian give this affirmative authorization. You may opt-out at any time in the future.
Right to Request Certain Information:
Under California’s Shine the Light Law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83), you may request we tell you certain information about how we share your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
All rights can be exercised using the same methods described in Section 4 of this State Specific Privacy Policy, and your Right to Request Certain Information under California’s Shine the Light Law can also be exercised by writing to us at: Hudl, Attn: Legal Dept., 600 P Street, Suite 400, Lincoln, NE 68508.
Please note: This State Specific Privacy Policy does not apply to workforce-related personal information collected from California-based Hudl employees, job applicants, or similar individuals. If you apply for a job with Hudl, you will be provided with our applicant privacy policy. If you are a California-based Hudl employee, you will be provided with our employee privacy policy.
6. Contact for more information
If you have any additional questions about this State Specific Privacy Policy or how to exercise your rights under State Privacy Laws, please
contact us
.
Updated 1 Jan 2025
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Policy
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies