By using our App, you are
accepting the practices described in our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to
the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the App. We reserve the
right to modify or amend the terms of our Privacy Policy from time to time
without notice. Your continued use of our App following the posting of changes
to these terms will mean you accept those changes. If we intend to apply the
modifications or amendments to this Privacy Policy retroactively or to personal
information already in our possession, we will provide you with notice of the
modifications or amendments.
If
you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or don’t see your concerns
addressed here, you should contact us by email at
support@indiefilmgear.com
What Information About Me Is Collected and
Stored?
We collect two basic types of information from you in
conjunction with your use of the App, personal information and non- personal
information. Personal information is information that you supply to us, as
described more fully below, i.e., when you use our Services, obtain a
subscription, complete a survey, register on the App, upload content,
participate in a community, or provide your e-mail address. Personal information
is any information that can individually identify you and includes, among other
things, your name, e-mail address, telephone number, postal address, credit
card, billing and contact information. Non-personal information includes
information that does not personally identify you, but it may include tracking
and usage information about your location, demographics, use of the App and the
Internet.
Personal Information
As a general matter, you can browse the App without submitting
your personal information to us. However, there are a number of circumstances
in which you may supply us or our agents with your personal information. The
following lists the most common ways in which we may collect your personal
information.
·
Registration for
an account on the App
·
Registration for
an event sponsored by Indie Film Gear
·
Profile
information that You provide for Your user profile
·
Uploading Content
to the App
·
Submitting an
application to work at Indie Film Gear
·
Sign up to receive
alerts or other information via email, text or instant message from Indie Film
Gear
·
App related
communications, e.g. account verification; technical notification
·
Submission of
content or other data and information on any part of the App that permits it
·
Any other place on
the App where you knowingly volunteer personal information
Non-Personal Information
In addition, when you interact with the App, we may collect
certain information that does not identify you individually and our servers may
automatically keep an activity log of your use of our App (“Non-Personal
Information”). Generally, we collect and store the following categories of
Non-Personal Information:
·
Non-identifiable
demographic data such as age, gender, and
five digit
zip code as part of collecting personal information
·
Device information
about your computer, browser, mobile device, or other device that you use to
access the App. This information may include IP address, geolocation
information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language, and
other transactional information.
·
Analytics and
usage information about your use of the App.
·
Additional
“traffic data” and log files such as time of access, date of access, software
crash reports, session identification number, access times, and referring App
addresses.
·
Other information
regarding your use of the App.
Collection of Your Source IP Address/Location
Information
We may collect and store location information about you on the
App and associated with your account that you volunteer on the App or enable
through the App or your device. We will not collect any location information
that you do not volunteer or enable. We will delete any location information
that you request is deleted. We do collect and store your device’s source IP
address which may disclose the location of your device at the time you access
the App.
Collection of Personal Information
From
or Through Social Media Sites or Using Your Social
Media Logon
When you interact with any Service Provider page or account on a
social media platform, such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat,
LinkedIn, YouTube, or Pinterest, we may collect the personal information that
you make available to us on that page or account including your account ID or
“handle.” However, we will comply with the privacy policies of the
corresponding social media platform and we will only collect and store such
personal information that we are permitted to collect by these social media
platforms. If you publish your social media profile on our Service, we may
collect personal information that you make available as part of that profile.
Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We do not use any cookies for any purpose, including “session”
cookies, “persistent” cookies. We do allow users to log into their accounts to
store their settings. We may also use certain technologies to monitor traffic,
improve the Apps and make it easier and/or relevant for your use, but none of
these technologies track you or identify you directly.
We do deliver advertising on or through the App. If you are
concerned about mobile app tracking by advertising networks, you can learn
about your options to opt-out of mobile app tracking by certain advertising
networks through your device settings. For more information about how to change
these settings for Apple, Android or Windows devices, see:
Apple:
http://support.apple.com/kb/HT4228
Android:
http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
Windows:
http://choice.microsoft.com/en-US/opt-out
How Do We Use Your Information?
We use the information we learn from you to help us personalize
and continually improve your experience on the App. We may use your Personal
and Non-Personal Information in the following ways:
General Uses
·
To upload your
content to our App as you request
·
To permit you to
update, edit, and manage your content on our App
·
To communicate
with you about your account or transactions with us (including service related
announcements) and send you information about features and enhancements on our
App
·
To communicate
with you about changes to our policies
·
To personalize
content and experiences on our App, including providing you reports,
recommendations and feedback based on your preferences
·
To analyze,
optimize or improve our products, services and operations
·
To automatically
update the App on your device
·
To detect,
investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
Use of Your Location Information
Specifically, we may use your location information to:
·
Personalize
content on our App, including providing you reports, recommendations and
feedback based on your preferences
·
Optimize or
improve our products, services and operations
·
Detect,
investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
·
Perform
statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the App
·
As necessary to authenticate
use of software and functionality embedded in the App that is provided by third
parties.
Who Do We Provide Your Information To?
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we do not disclose
information about your Personal Information collected online to any companies
not part of Indie Film Gear or its parent, subsidiaries or related entities.
Third-Party Agents
We have third party agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and
partners that perform functions on our behalf, such as hosting, billing, push
notifications, storage, bandwidth, content management tools, analytics,
customer service, fraud protection, etc. These entities have access to the
Personal Information needed to perform their functions and are contractually
obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of that Personal
Information. They are restricted from using, selling, distributing or altering
this data in any way other than to provide the requested services to the App.
Emergency Situations
We may also use or disclose Personal Information if required to
do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a)
conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or the App;
(b) protect and defend our rights or property, the App or our users, and (c)
act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of us, our
affiliates, agents, or the users of the App or the public. This includes
exchanging information with other companies and Indie Film Gears for fraud
protection.
What Steps Are Taken
To
Keep Personal Information Secure?
We are concerned about ensuring the security of your Personal
Information. We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of your
information from your device to our servers. Personal Information collected by
our App are stored in secure operating environments that are not available to
the public. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof
of identity before we disclose your Personal Information to you. Please understand,
however, that while we try our best to safeguard your Personal Information once
we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public
network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
How Can We Transfer Your Personal Information?
Your information collected through the App may be stored and
processed in the United States or any other country in which Indie Film Gear,
its Clients, Affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. Indie Film
Gear, its Clients, Affiliates, or service providers may transfer information
that we collect about you, including personal information across borders and
from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around
the world. If you are located in the United States or other regions with laws
governing data collection and use that may differ from US law, please note that
we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and
jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your
jurisdiction. Wherever your personal information is transferred, stored, or
processed by Indie Film Gear, Indie Film Gear will take reasonable steps to
safeguard the privacy of your personal information. By registering for and
using the App you consent to the transfer of information to the US or to any
other country in which Indie Film Gear, its Clients, Affiliates or service
providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about
you as described in this Privacy Policy.
How Long Do We Keep Your Information?
Following
termination or deactivation of your account, Indie Film Gear, its Clients,
Affiliates, or its service providers may retain information (including your
profile information) and user Content for a commercially reasonable time for
backup, archival, and/or audit purposes. If you have any questions about
termination or deactivation of your account, please contact us directly
at
support@indiefilmgear.com
.
What Happens When I Link
To
or From Another App?
This App may contain links to other Apps operated by third
parties. Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy
for Indie Film Gear do not apply to information gathered through these other
Apps. We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third
parties and other Apps.
Governing Law
This App is published in the United States. We attempt to
protect the Personal Information of all users of our App and we attempt to comply
with local data protection and consumer rights laws to the extent they may
apply to the Indie Film gear
services, but our App is located and targeted to United States
citizens and our policies are directed at compliance with those laws. If you
are uncertain whether this privacy policy conflicts with the applicable local
privacy laws where you are located, you should not submit your Personal
Information to Indie Film Gear.
Assignment
We may change our ownership or corporate Indie Film Gear while
providing the App. We may also sell certain assets associated with the App. As
a result, please be aware that in such event we may transfer some or all of
your information to
a
Indie
Film Gear acquiring all or part of our assets or to another Indie Film Gear
with which we have merged. Under such circumstances we would, to the extent
possible, require the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this
Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time. Nevertheless, we cannot
promise that an acquiring Indie Film Gear or the merged Indie Film Gear will
have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described
in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to This Policy
As our App continues to develop, we may add new services and
features to our App. In the event that these additions affect our Privacy
Policy, this document will be updated appropriately. We will post those changes
prominently so that you will always know what information we gather, how we
might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone. We do,
however, recommend that you read this Privacy Policy each time you use our App
in case you missed our notice of changes to the Privacy Policy. We will not,
however, materially change our policies and practices to make them less
protective of Personal Information we have previously collected from you
without your express consent.
What Are Your Choices and How Do You Opt-Out?
We believe you should have choices about the collection, use and
sharing of your information. Although you cannot opt- out of all data
collection when you visit our Apps, you can limit the collection, use and
sharing of your personally identifiable information.
Collection of Personal
Information.
All personally identifiable information is provided on a voluntary
basis. If you do not want Indie Film Gear to collect such information, you
should not submit it to the App. However, doing so will restrict your ability
to access some content and use some of the functionality of the App.
Emails and Other Communications.
If you would
like to opt-out of receiving promotional or informational communications from
us, you can either opt-out by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link on the
promotional communication and follow the instructions or you may contact us
directly at
support@indiefilmgear.com
. Please note that
this may affect your ability to access certain products and services, and we
may continue to send non-promotional communications such as staffing confirmations,
surveys, and other information about your use of the Service. If you refer
others to us using our email functionality, please note that they may choose
not to receive any promotional emails from us in the future by following the
opt-out instructions in the email invitation.
Accessing and Correcting Your
Information.
If you have an account with Indie Film Gear, you may
review and change your information by logging into your account and editing
your profile. Be advised that we may not be able to delete your Personal
Information without also deleting your user account. You will not be permitted
to examine the Personal Information of any other person or entity and may be
required to provide us with Personal Information to verify your identity prior
to accessing any records containing information about you. We may not
accommodate a request to change or delete Personal Information if we believe
doing so would violate any law or legal
requirement, or
cause the information to be incorrect.
If you have any
questions about this Privacy Policy, you should contact us by email at
support@indiefilmgear.com
.