Privacy Policy
Monitor Your Weight Privacy Statement
Monitor Your Weight respects your privacy. When accessing our apps, websites, or blogs, you may provide us information, communicate with us, share information, or selectively integrate with other third-party sites, products, or tools with whom we do business. By doing this, you may provide us information that will help us enhance your experience and provide better products and services to you.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is being used online. PII is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What Personal Information Do We Collect From the People that Access Our Apps, Websites, or Blogs?
When registering to or accessing our apps or websites, as appropriate, we may collect your name, address, email address, device details, location details, weight details, or other details to help you with your experience.
When Do We Collect Information?
We collect information from you when you:
Share your information with us over email correspondence
Offer any information to us at your discretion (such as suggestions for improvement, bug reports, testimonials, criticism, etc.)
Use the Synchronization option from within the app to keep your weight data backed up on our servers
Select to share your information with your doctor, coach, or others
Register through our website to access your information or your clients’ information through our services
Export your data to us so we can analyze specific issues and help assist you in resolving certain problems
How Do We Use Your Information?
We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways:
Personalize your experience and allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested in
Keep your data backed up on our servers and synchronize your information across multiple devices
How Do We Protect Visitor Information
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is accessible by only a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential will have access to such information. Additionally, we use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to encrypt all sensitive/credit information you supply.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of their personal information.
How to Request Deletion of Your Personal Information
You can request the deletion of your personal information by contacting us via the email shown below or through our website.
Please include the following details in your request when emailing us:
Your full name
The email address associated with your account
A description of the data you wish to delete
Conditions for Deleting Personal Information
We will process your request as soon as possible, and typically within 30 days. However, please note that we may not be able to comply with your deletion request in certain circumstances, such as:
Legal Obligations
: We are required by law to retain certain information (e.g., for tax, legal, or regulatory reasons).
Ongoing Transactions
: If you have ongoing transactions with us, we may need to retain certain information until those transactions are completed.
If we are unable to delete your information, we will inform you of the reason.
Retention Period
We will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. When we no longer need your information, we will securely delete or anonymize it.
Do We Use Cookies
We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit our website or access our app; this may include using cookies to identify your browser or device.
You may disable cookies from your browser or have it warn you every time a cookie is sent. Each browser is a little different, so access your browser’s Help menu to assist you in modifying your cookies.
Disabling cookies could impact some features and make your site experience less efficient.
Third-Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Third-Party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party integration, products, or services on our website or apps. These third-party links have separate and independent privacy policies. Therefore, activities that take place on these linked sites will not fall under our responsibility nor liability.
Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below:
Site
: https://monitoryourweight.com
E-Mail
: hbustan@gmail.com
Last Edited on 2024-09-28