Privacy Policy
Note on our Apps/ Website.
You are important to us. Hungama Digital Media Entertainment Pvt Ltd.
(“Hungama”, “we”, “our” or “us”), either directly or through third party tools
uses cookies and tracking technology to collect from you (“individual”,
“person” or “entity” or “User(s)) and store “Personally Identifiable
Information” and / or “Non Personally Identifiable Information”, as the case
may be, when you download, access or use our streaming services made available
on our application Hungama Music, Hungama Play and / or our websites
(“collectively Hungama Property”).
If you would like to use our service any further, you must
expressly permit us to collect and store your information as the same shall be
processed in accordance with the Privacy Policy with the objective of
analysing
your navigational,
behavioural
activity on the Hungama Property, so as to display ads that are relevant and
interesting to the individual user and thereby be more valuable to third party
publishers and advertisers. If you do not consent to this, you may divert
yourself from using the Hungama Property.
I agree to the terms and conditions and the
Privacy
Policy
Privacy Policy for the EU
Hungama Digital Media Entertainment Pvt Ltd. (“Hungama”, “we”, “our” or “us”)
values the trust you have in us.
This Privacy Policy applies to all our products and our services (collectively
known as
“Hungama Property”
) and will be of general interest to you
and other internet user(s) who visit Hungama Property online for access or use
of our streaming services and or its features, download and/ or to participate
in contests and / or sweepstakes on the Hungama Property. Hungama Property is
created, developed and operated or supported by Hungama, a company incorporated
under the Companies Act 1956, having its registered office at SF-B-07, Art
Guild House, Phoenix Market City, LBS Marg, Kurla (W), Mumbai – 400070. The use
of Hungama Property is only authorized for a personal and private use,
therefore any other use, notably in public premises and businesses, is strictly
forbidden.
To access and use Hungama Property, the user must be (
i
)
at least 16 years old; and (ii) accept without any reservation, either at the
time of use or registration, hereby conditions of use (including the Privacy
Policy) (hereinafter the
“Terms”
).
WE
     COLLECT INFORMATION ON ACCOUNT
OF:-
SIGN
      UP:
You (“individual”, “person” or “entity” or “User(s)),
      voluntarily providing information to us by means of registering or
      logging into Hungama Property for using our products and services. You
      may either through your personal email id’s or via any of your social
      account(s) or via a mobile number otherwise sign up on the Hungama
      Property.
NAVIGATIONAL
      INFORMATION:
Information about You that is automatically tracked
      basis Your navigation and interactions with third party websites through
      Hungama Property. Navigation means and includes your movement within the
      Hungama Property including but not restricted to your use of streaming
      service for consuming content being audio or audio-video and other
      content recommendations. Streaming is possible either content by content
      or by creating personalized playlists by the User or via the use of
      existing radio service available on Hungama Property. The Data so
      collected includes:
Your
       likes,
favourite
content (could be related to
       an artist, track, radio, podcast and so on),
History
       that records your content consumption pattern,
Your
       act of creation or following another persons’ playlist (public or
       private) – User generated Playlist, and / or
Your
       data upon interaction with other Users of Hungama Property and / or its
       services such as comments on an artist or album page, the users whose
       activity the User has decided to follow, or the users who decide to
       follow the activity of the User (subject to the privacy settings of the
       User).
SUBSCRIPTION(S):
You
      also voluntarily provide additional Personal Data as you opt for
      additional paid services on Hungama Property. Such additional information
      relates to your payment gateway options, recurring subscription
      instruction etc. We collect various data depending on the payment method
      and the entity responsible for collection of the payments for the
      management of the commercial relationship (for example,
in the event that
payment is made through a
      telecommunications operator) data collected includes information relating
      to the type of subscription(s), the method of payment, and details of the
      transaction carried out. Kindly note that in any and all instances we do
      not have access to your credit and / or debit card details shared by you
      on the payment page
hosed
by the payment service
      provider handling your
User
account.
END
      USERS INTERACTIONS AND CONTRIBUTIONS:
In the event of
      interaction with the Customer Service the latter may collect certain Data
      in order to process End User’s
request.These
include in particular the Data allowing Customer Service to identify the
      End User (Your username, surname, first name, email id, mobile number and
      so on), the date, time and reason for the End User’s request, the content
      of exchanges with the Customer Service, the additional Data necessary for
      the handling of the request, as the case may be.
By use of the Hungama Property, you have expressly consented
to the collection, use, store and processing of your personal information that
you provide (including any changes thereto) as
aforestated
,
for the streaming service that we offer, provided the same is in accordance
with this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy will provide detailed information on
when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the limited
conditions under which we may disclose or transfer it to others and how we keep
it secure.
Please note that our privacy policy is subject to change at
any time without notice. To make sure you are aware of any changes, please
review this policy periodically.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the
Terms of Use. Capitalized terms that are not defined herein shall bear the same
meaning as assigned therein.
Hungama Property may have links to third party
website
and / or services. Upon clicking such
link
you may be directed to a third party website. Please
note that this Policy does not apply to such third-party websites and / or
services.
Hungama respects the privacy of End Users of Hungama
Property and is committed to reasonably protect it in all respects.
INFORMATION
     THAT IS COLLECTED
Every time you use the Hungama Property either through
computer, mobile device or other device or technology, the respective products
and services either directly or through third party tools collect from you
(“individual”, “person” or “entity”) and store “Personally Identifiable
Information” and / or “Non-Personally Identifiable Information, as the case may
be.
In order to avail our additional features and reward
services, End Users are required to provide us with certain Personally
Identifiable Information (PII) either for registration to create an account
with us or for updating their existing account information with us or sign up
for subscription or use certain features or access or download content,
purchase items or enter into promotions, refer others to Hungama Property,
interact with Hungama via third party application or social media sites,
request customer support or otherwise communicate with Hungama or Hungama’s
business partner’s, Hungama may collect information that relates to you,
including your (
i
) name and surname, (ii) e-mail,
(iii) home address, (iv) telephone number or mobile phone number, (v) device
information (vi) sex (vii) age (viii) gender (ix) date of birth, (x) password
(xi) occupation (xii) interest and the likes etc. (xiii) geographic location /
pin code, (xiv) demographic information, (xv) photos, (xvi) videos, (xvii)
social media account details (xviii) advertising identifier of your phone and
other information from your device.
The information that we collect about you while you are
using the website/application falls into the following two categories.
USER
      PROVIDED INFORMATION: -
We may collect and store information, personal or otherwise, that you
      voluntarily supply either while on our product and services or in
      responding via email in connection with a feature provided on Hungama
      Property. Such information may include demographic information that you
      electronically submit when you login or sign up for access to certain
      features on the Hungama Property, information (such as your name or email
      address or mobile number) that you electronically submit when you
      register for surveys or contests on the website/application, information
      that you post on message boards on the website/application, and
      information contained in search requests or questions that you submit to
      the website/application. If you decline to supply or provide us with
      certain information while using the website/application, you may not be
      able to use or participate in some or
all of
the
      features offered through the website/application.
INFORMATION
      AUTOMATICALLY TRACKED WHILE NAVIGATION: -
USER
       ACTIVITY INFORMATION
When you visit the Hungama Property or any of its Products and use any
       of its features including but not limited to stream content, Playlist
       creation,
favourite
piece of content, share a
       piece of content, download content and so on we may either directly or
       through third party tools collect the aforesaid user activity
       information - to understand User’s individual interests using the
       identified device. The use of such tools enables Hungama to provide
       User(s) with relevant advertisements or other offers. Parts of the
       Hungama Property may not work as expected without use of such tools,
       hence by ignoring or closing the pop-up message appearing at the launch
       of the Hungama Property meant for obtaining express consent User(s) are
       consenting to the use of such tools.
Hungama hereby informs you that unless you voluntarily
identify yourself (through registration whether for logging in or subscribing
to Hungama Services) Hungama may not be able to identify you despite the use of
such tools. The said tools cannot read any data from your hard drive, the only
information that
a is
passed on to Hungama server’s is
the information that you voluntarily supply.
In addition, our advertising partners may also assign their
own cookies, which may get triggered if you click on their advertisement, for
collecting and processing information for the purpose of tracking online
behavioral advertising, end user tracking or cross device linking that could be
stored either on in-house server or a third-party server, a process which is
beyond the control of Hungama. The use and collection of your information by
these third-party advertisers and ad servers is governed by the relevant third
party's privacy policy and is not covered by our privacy policy and we shall
not be responsible for such third party's acts / use of such information.
Indeed, the privacy policy of these third-party advertisers and ad servers may
be different from our privacy policy.
DATA
       COLLECTED FROM OTHER SOURCES:
Via
        telecommunications operators: some Users access the Services through
        offers distributed by mobile network operators. In this context,
        certain Data are shared by the operator with us (for example the email
        or the username used),
in order to
allow these
        End Users to access the Service for which they are eligible according
        to their type of subscription.
Via
        sales and marketing partners: We allow its End Users to access the
        Services through several types of audio devices (speakers, car radios,
        etc.), thanks to partnerships
entered into
with the manufacturers of these devices. In this context, these
        partners may, notably, share with us the data relating to the listening
        activities of the Users on these devices. Other types of partnerships
        allow
in particular us
and
its
advertising partners to conduct joint marketing activities.
Via
        sub-contractors: sub-contractors also collect on behalf of us, the Data
        relating to the End Users targeting their interests and their online
        activities
in order to
notably offer them
        personalized adverts.
LINKS
       TO THIRD PARTY SITES/ AD-SERVERS: -
As already mentioned herein, Hungama Property may have links to third
       party website and / or services. Such third-party sites are governed by
       their respective privacy policies, which are beyond the control of
       Hungama. We may use Third Party advertising companies to serve ads when
       you visit Hungama Property. Such companies may also obtain and use
       information (PII or Non - PII) about your visits to this and other
       websites
in order to
provide advertisements
       about goods and services of User(s) interest to which Hungama has no
       control over. Hungama by itself does not indulge in providing
       information (PII or Non-PII) to third party websites / advertisers/
ad
– servers without User(s) consents.
“PUBLIC”
     OR “PRIVATE” PROFILES
Certain Data from the End User profile may be visible on
Hungama Property. Each End User
has the ability to
manage the level of privacy of his/her account. The End User may thus choose to
render his/her account “private” in the Accounts settings. Then, only
his/her username will remain “public”.
The End User may also choose to make his/her playlists
“private” at the time they are created, or once they are created, by clicking
on the “Edit” button. By default, the User is informed that his/her profile is
“public”, which means that certain Data are visible by
all of
the users or visitors of the Site and Application. This is the case for the
following information in particular: username, profile picture, the users
followed by the User (username and photo), the users who follow the User (photo
and username), playlists, albums and podcasts, favorite tracks and artists.
USE
     OF THE INFORMATION COLLECTED?
The information collected by us is used for various purposes
as detailed here under: -
BETTER
      OURSELVES
Equip
       us in providing Hungama Property Services and ensuring that the said
       services function properly.
Personalize
       our Services according to the
each and every
End User’s preference, location, tastes and interests (declared or
       deduced), resulting from his/her use of our Services, the information
       provided, his/her interactions with Hungama Property Services and
       his/her navigation on the Hungama Property.
Measure
       the reach and popularity or fallout of any of the Hungama Property or
       any of its
part
thereof.
Ensure
       the security of the Hungama Property.
BETTER
      END
USERS
EXPERIENCES
Inform
       End Users of offers and news on Hungama Property either distributed by
       us of any of our
Partner;
Equips
       us in handling End User relationship via our Customer Service, Customer
       transaction relationship; Customer Satisfaction surveys; Fight fraud and
       payment
defaults;
Display
       advertisements basis an End Users likes and preferences on the Hungama
Property;
Enabling
       an End Users to access and use sharing tools for social networks that an
       End Users may have freely opted and agreed to for sharing of such
information;
Allowing
       End Users to exercise their Rights, as described
hereunder;
INFORMATION
      SHARING / DISCLOSURE
Hungama may share User(s) sensitive and personal information/ Non
      personal information with any third party without obtaining the prior
      consent of the User(s), in good faith and belief that such disclosure is
      reasonably required, only in the following
instances:-
when
       it is called upon to do so / required do so by virtue of applicable law
       or called upon to disclose under the direction of any court or
       governmental agency or authority for the purpose of verification of
       identity, or for the prevention, detection, investigation including
       cyber incidents, or for prosecution and punishment of offences.
Subject
       to the same terms and conditions and applicable privacy and data
       protection laws, Hungama may share User(s) information within its group
       companies and officers and employees of such group companies for the
       purpose of processing personal information for and on its behalf. We
       require that these parties agree to process such information in
       compliance with our privacy policy, and we use reasonable efforts to
       limit their use of such information and to use other appropriate
       confidentiality and security measures.
Hungama
       may share anonymous aggregated statistical information on traffic driven
       to Hungama property with advertisers solely for the purpose of
       understanding Hungama’s audience and confirm the value of advertising on
       Hungama Property.
Hungama
       may share information regarding User(s) usage of Hungama Property with
       third party social websites and populate your social wall, however
       User(s) always have the option to opt out or change the User(s) settings
       to allow or disallow what information User(s) desires to show on its
       wall or share or not to share information with other User(s) of the
       social websites.
We
       do share non-
personally-identifiable
information (such as anonymous User usage data, referring / exit pages
       and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested
       third-parties to assist them in understanding the usage patterns for
       certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or
       functionality on the website/application.
Hungama
       and also reserve the right to disclose personally identifiable
       information and/or non-personally-identifiable information that Hungama
       believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to enforce our
       'terms and conditions of use', take precautions against liability, to
       investigate and defend itself against any third-party claims or
       allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, to protect the
       security or integrity of our website/application, and to protect the
       rights, property, or personal safety of Hungama, our users / members or
       others.
INFORMATION
      USED FOR OTHER
PURPOSES:-
If you submit personally identifiable information to us through the
      website/application, we may use your personal information to operate,
      maintain and provide to you the features and functionality of the
      website/application.
Any and all
information, so
collected, may be used by Hungama primarily to maintain and protect User
information. It may be subsequently used to
analyse
and improve Hungama services and / or for developing new services, if any.
Hungama may, without any additional express consent, use the
email address or phone / mobile number or such other personally identifiable
information
for:-
sending
       commercial or marketing messages giving User(s) with an option to either
       subscribe or unsubscribe (where feasible
);
non-marketing
       or administrative purposes (including notifying User of any major
       changes to the Hungama Property, any change in the usage plan, etc.
Any personal information or video content that you
voluntarily disclose online (on discussion boards, in messages and chat areas,
within your public profile page, etc.) becomes publicly available and can be
collected, seen and used by others besides us. We cannot be and are not
responsible for any unauthorized
third party
use of
such information. Your account name (not your email address) is displayed to
other users / members when you upload videos or send messages through the
website/application and other users / members can contact you through messages
and comments. Any videos that you submit to the website/application may be
redistributed through the Internet and other media
channels,
and
may be viewed by the general public. We do not use your email
address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or
marketing messages without your consent or except as part of a specific program
or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out.
We reserve the right to use and to disclose to third parties
all of
the information that we collect online about
you and other visitors in any way and for any purpose, with one important
exception viz. We will not use the information that we collect online from you
while you are using the website/application, nor will we authorize third
parties to use such information, to mail or email promotional offers directly
to you unless you have specifically informed us that you would like to receive
promotional offers from us and/or from third parties. If you choose to receive
these promotional offers, then your information may be used for direct mail or
email marketing. We use both your personally identifiable information and
certain non-
personally-identifiable
information (such
as anonymous user usage data, cookies, IP addresses, browser type, click stream
data, etc.) to improve the quality and design of the website/application and to
create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking,
and analyzing user / member preferences and trends. We use cookies, clear gifs,
and log file information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have
to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the
website/application; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information;
(c) monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns; (d) monitor aggregate
metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc.; and (e) track
your entries, submissions, and status in promotions, and contests. We may also
make some content, products and services available through our
website/application through cooperative relationships with third party
providers, where the brands of our provider partner appear on the
website/application in connection with such content, products and/or services.
We may share with our provider partner any information you provide, or that is
collected,
in the course of
visiting any pages that
are made available in cooperation with our provider partner. In some cases, the
provider partner may collect information from you directly; in which cases the
privacy policy of the provider partner may apply to the provider partner's use
of your information. The privacy policy of the provider partners may differ
from ours. If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of one of our
provider partners, you should contact the provider partner directly for more
information.
We employ other companies and individuals to perform
functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, sending postal
mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing
data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links
(including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and
providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to
perform their
functions, but
may not use it for other
purposes. Please also note that as our business grows, we may buy or sell
various assets. In the unlikely event that we sell some or
all
of
our assets, or our website/application is acquired by another
company, information about our visitors may be among the transferred assets.
RECIEPIENT
     OF DATA
We send the End User data that may be collected and/ or
processed, by us, to:
a.
Third party Data sub-processors
- third
party entities who are duly approved and
authorised
by us to process and act as Data sub-processors, and such data sub processors
due to role they play need to have access to such Data for the purposes of
processing in the manner described hereinabove.
b.
Payment Gateway(s)
-
in
order to
ensure the perfect supply of the Services. For example, we rely
on payment gateways and / or
such other
service
providers in order to verify the financial status of a visitor who subscribe to
deferred payment options, or to supply a suitable payment
methods
.
c.
Technology Partners
- technical
sub-contractors
who are duly approved and
authorised
by us, who may basis our instructions host and
store Date of End Users on their servers on our behalf. Our arrangement with
such partners requires them to ensure highest level of security of our
technical infrastructure, thereby
minimising
the risk
of data leakage or misuse.
d.
Our partners
: various partners namely,
telecommunications operators, original manufacturers and or distributor of
devices and / or marketing partners, who we approve and
authorise
to process Data
in order to
supply our Services and to
implement joint communication plans. In the same way, we communicate Data to
social networks
in order to
ensure the promotion of
our Services.
e.
Social networks
– only
incase
you expressly consent to
linking your Hungama User account with your account for using social networks
at the time of their registration on Hungama Property or thereafter by changing
your
User
account settings accordingly.
f.
Third-party applications
– only
incase
you expressly consent prior
to or while accessing and /or using third party applications via the Hungama
Property.
g.
Administrative or judicial authorities
:
we may communicate information relating to our End Users, including Data, if
required to do so with any administrative or judicial authorities,
in particular in
the context of requisition.
DATA
     SECURITY
In accordance with the Applicable Regulation, we shall take
all necessary measures to process the Data in a secure and confidential manner.
In particular, we shall implement the technical and organizational measures
that will guarantee the security and confidentiality of the Data collected and
processed, and in particular to prevent them from being distorted, damaged or
communicated to unauthorized third parties, by ensuring a level of security
that is appropriate to the risks linked to the processing and to the nature of
the Data, taking into consideration the technical level and cost of such
implementation. We may not however guarantee the confidentiality of the Data
rendered public by the User.
ACCESSING
     AND UPDATING PERSONAL
INFORMATION:-
You may at any time modify your registration information by
clicking on the "Edit Profile" subsection of the "My
Account" area of the website/application, so long as you continue to
provide us with certain information required to maintain your subscription
(such as a valid email address). Also, marketing e-mails from will come with
instructions for
un-subscribing
from our email mailing
list.
DATA
     RETENTION / DELETION
We endeavor to keep our records updated and accurate with
your latest information. You shall be responsible to ensure that the
information or data you provide from time to time is and shall be correct,
current, accurate and updated and you have all the rights, permissions and
consent to provide such information or data.
You may request access, correction or
updation
,
and/or deletion of the information/data by contacting us at
support@hungama.com
. In case you
request for deletion, we shall delete your data, unless we are legally allowed
or required to maintain certain personal data.
You may note that deletion of any/all information or withdrawal of consent by
you, may lead to cancellation of your registration with us or your access to
our services.
RIGHTS
     OF END USERS
There are eight fundamental rights under GDPR.
a.
Right to Access Personal Data
End Users have the right to access and request for a copy of their data as is
collected by us.
b.
Right
to Rectification
End Users have a right to request for modification of their data, including the
correction or errors and the updating of incomplete information.
c.
Right
to Erasure
The right of erasure – also referred to as the right to deletion or the right
to be forgotten – End Users have the right to instruct us to stop processing of
their data as well as request that their personal data may be erased.
d.
Right
to Restrict Data Processing
End Users have a right, under certain circumstances; request that all
processing of their personal data be stopped.
e.
Right
to be Notified
End Users has a right to know about the uses of his /her personal data in a
clear manner and be told about the actions that can be taken if they feel their
rights are being impeded, like End Users need to be informed of any
rectification or erasure of their personal data.
f.
Right to Data Portability
An End Users has the right to request that their personal data file be sent
electronically to a third party. Data must be provided in a commonly used,
machine readable format, if doing so is technically feasible.
g.
Right
to Object
If a request to stop data processing is rejected by a data controller, an End
User may have the right to object to their right being denied.
h.
Right
to Reject Automated Individual Decision-Making
End Users has the right to refuse the automated processing of their personal
data to make decisions about them if that significantly affects the data
subject or produces legal effects – profiling for example.
Please be informed that requesting for being forgotten or
for deletion of your record is not like unsubscribing or opting out from
specific emails or deactivating certain settings on google or other social
media websites or interactive pages etc. and such erasure / deletion is
complete and an irreversible process. Upon such erasure / deletion we will lose
all records (barring archival or backups) of User(s) having ever been on
Hungama property or our servers or systems, including any previous instruction
you have given to Hungama and opting out of specific email types. If you
re-join our systems by voluntarily providing your personal information, you
will appear to us as a completely new data subject. This does not affect your
rights in any way.
If User(s) wishes to exercise any of its aforesaid rights
either to verify, correct or update or delete, object etc. any of your personal
information collected by Hungama by virtue of your use of the Hungama Property,
you may write to us at the following email address:-
support@hungama.com
For the said purpose we may additionally require User(s) to
identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or
removed before processing any such User(s) request. We may delete any personal
information that is publicly available and are under no obligation to store
such information indefinitely and disclaim any liability arising out of, or
related to, the destruction of such personal information. We reserve the right
to decline any such request for want of proper identification required to act
upon User(s) request. We may also decline requests that are unreasonably
repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize
the privacy of another User(s) or would be extremely impractical (for instance,
requests concerning information residing on backups or archival records) or for
which access is not otherwise required.
Our
     Commitment to Children’s'
Privacy:-
Hungama Property is NOT directed to or INTENTED for
individuals under the age of 18 (eighteen). An individual less than 18
(eighteen) years of age SHOULD not register to use the website/application but
if you are above 13 (thirteen) years of age or older but below 18 (eighteen)
years, you may be granted access by providing either of your parent's Email IDs
and an Email will be sent informing the parent that their ward has registered
himself / herself to use the Hungama services through the website/application.
If you are a parent of a child under the age of 18 (eighteen) and you have
questions about our website/application or Privacy Policy, please feel free to
contact the Privacy Coordinator.
Parent's
of such underage individuals will be legally bound by any Acts / Deeds /
Violation of Terms and Conditions of Use, Privacy Policy and the end user
license agreement.
Please be informed that we do not knowingly collect personal
information from anyone under the age of 13 years. If at any given point of
time, we determine that the information collected pertains to a User(s) below
13 years of age we reserve the right to refrain from using or maintaining it.
Our Assurance & Commitment towards Data Security: -
We use commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards
to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot,
however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to, and
you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission of information,
makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems.
However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not
be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical,
technical, or managerial safeguards. If Hungama learns of a security systems
breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take
appropriate protective steps. Hungama may post a notice on the
website/application if a security breach occurs. To receive a free written
notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving
electronic notice) you should notify the Privacy Coordinator at the below
mentioned email id -
support@hungama.com.
Special Note to INTERNATIONAL USERS / MEMBERS
Consent to processing and Internal Transfers: -
Hungama is registered in India.
Hungama business is worldwide and so is Hungama Property accessible worldwide
due to which Hungama processes, transfers and stores information about User(s)
on severs located in
a number of
countries other
User(s) home country.
If you are a user / member accessing the website/application
or providing us with any information from any other region with laws or
regulations governing personal data collection, user, protection and
disclosure, that differ from the applicable Indian laws, please note that
through your use of the website/application, this Privacy Policy, end use
license agreement and our Terms and Conditions of Use, you are providing
personal information for collection, processing, maintenance and transferring
your Personal Information to India or any other country outside your place of
residence or of which you are a citizen of and you are giving your express
consent for the mentioned collection, processing maintenance and transfer of
such information in and to other countries in which the privacy laws may not be
as comprehensive as or equivalent to those in the Country of residence of
User(s) and or User(s) is a citizen of. Hungama will, at any point of time, be
complying with the legal provisions on the subject matter, as applicable in
India from time to time.
Changes to Your Personal Information on site Notification Of
Changes:-
Hungama reserve the right at any time to
change the terms of this policy; change the services provided on the
website/application, including eliminating or modifying any content on or
feature of the website/application; or change / charge any fees or charges for
use of the services available on the website/application.
Conflict Resolution: -
Hungama is committed to resolving disputes as soon as feasible and shall
endeavor to resolve all disputes brought to our notice in keeping with the
mechanism prescribed.
QUESTIONS / GRIEVANCE CELL:-
In the event you have any grievance relating to the processing of User(s)
information provided by you, you may contact our Grievance Officer at
support@hungama.com.
or write
to us at Mr. Milind Thatte, (Grievance Redressal Officer) at the following
address:-
Grievance Redressal Officer
Hungama Digital Media Entertainment Pvt Ltd.,
SF-B-07, Art Guild House, Phoenix Market City,
LBS Marg, Kurla (W), Mumbai – 400070.
We request you to please provide the following information
in your
complaint:-
a.
Identification of the information provided by
you to enable us to verify the complainant.
b.
Clear statement as to whether the information
sought to be accessed or updated is your personal information or non-personal
information.
c.
Your correct address, telephone number or email
address.
d.
A statement that you have approached us with the
notice for records in good faith and
has
reason to be
believe that your information has been processed incorrectly or disclosed
without
authorisation
, as the case may be
.
e.
A statement that the information provided by you
in the notice is accurate and that the information being complained about
belongs to you.
This Privacy Policy is applicable to you.
HELP US HELP YOU SERVE BETTER.
CONTENT
FEEDBACK
Should you have any concerns or complaints on any content
available on
Hungama.com
;
you can write to:
Grievance Officer:
Mr. Milind Thatte
Email:
grievance.officer@hungama.com