This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and analyse traffic. By using this site you to agree some information being shared with Google.
Learn more
OK
Location
We use your device's location to work out which Secret DJ venues are nearby and how many songs you can request in each.
If you are using an Android device, the app requires the ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION & ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION permissions to  enable this feature.
iOS devices will prompt for permission the first time you run Secret DJ. If you don't allow location access you can enable it later from within the Location section of your device's privacy settings.
Camera
We need to access your camera if you want to use it to take a profile picture for your Secret DJ account. Alternatively images can be selected from your photos / gallery or via Facebook.
To permit this, iOS devices require that you allow Secret DJ access to the camera and your photos.
If you're using an Android device, the app requires the CAMERA permission. In addition the app needs READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE & WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE permissions so that it can save your profile picture to your device's SD-card.
Data
Secret DJ requires a WiFi or mobile data connection to operate. To allow this you need to grant the app permission to access these services. Please also ensure that either mobile data or Wifi is turned on when you're using the Secret DJ.
Android devices require the granting of the INTERNET and ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE permissions to use the internet. We also ask for the READ_PHONE_STATE so that we can mute any song previews if you make or take a call.
In-app purchases
Secret DJ lets you purchase additional song credits from within the app. On iOS devices, these in-app purchases are managed by PayPal and on Android by GooglePlay.
All in-app purchases are managed by the payment provider. Android devices also require the granting of the vending.BILLING permission to allow in-app purchases.
Accounts
We maintain some details about your account on your device. These settings can be accessed by going to the Secret DJ section in your device's account settings.
Android devices require the AUTHENTICATE_ACCOUNTS and MANAGE_ACCOUNTS permissions to access these account settings.
Facebook
The app allows you to sign up using your Facebook details and also to use your Facebook profile picture with your Secret DJ account.
We will only access your basic account details including your name, gender and email address. To allow Secret DJ to access this information you must authorise the app when prompted.
Your Info
The personal data we store with your account includes password, real name, email address, gender and where applicable a unique id identifying your device. We will not disclose this data without your permission. All passwords are stored in an encrypted manner.
Your screen name and gender are considered public and may displayed within the app or on the Secret DJ website.
Profile pic
You may associate an image with your Secret DJ account and use it as a profile picture. If you do so, it will be stored on the our servers and may be displayed within the app or on the Secret DJ website.
Please ensure you have permission to distribute any image used as your profile image. Copyrighted or offensive images will be deleted and your account may be terminated.
Location
We use your location to work out which Secret DJ venues are nearby and how many songs you can request in each. We only read your location when the app is active. We do not use it in the background.
Your location is not stored on our servers except for validation purposes for instance when you request a song or perform a check-in.
Interactions
Secret DJ allows you to perform a number of interactions with venues including making song requests, performing check-ins and liking.
Please be aware, in the context of the app, these interactions are considered public and may be shared with other Secret DJ users within the app, via the Secret DJ website or with our partners.
Financial
Secret DJ allows users to purchase additional song credits via in-app purchases. GooglePlay and PayPal act as payment providers on Android and iOS respectively.
These payment providers are solely responsible for the security of the transaction. We do not store any sensitive payment data such as credit card information on our servers.
Third parties
We will not share any personal information with any third party without your permission.
Information relating to public interactions made within the Secret DJ app may be shared in an anonymised or limited form with venue owners and our partners.
Additional Privacy information
Contact us
If have a question, or would like
Secret DJ
in your venue then please get in touch.
+44 (0) 20 7250 1133
Email us
enquiries@secretdj.com
And we're on the twitter
@secretdj
Where we are
Secret DJ Labs,
Ground Floor,
8 Eagle Court,
London. EC1M 5QD
View on Google Maps
Get tn touch today
Get in touch today
Your name
Email address
Contact number
Venue / Company
Your Message
accept-terms
Single Button
Send message
Hornsey Research Ltd © 2019
Print
Email
Details
Written by
Super User
Category:
Privacy
Published: 13 March 2017
Hits: 87710
Update Required
To play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your
Flash plugin
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/8069445:
Owner contact information
Hornsey Research Ltd
195a Kenton Road
Kenton
Harrow, Middlesex
HA3 0HD, info@secretdj.com