Privacy Policy
Time Off Cloud and the entire team at Meta Section takes your privacy seriously.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
For you to access certain services that we offer though our site, such as registering, placing an order, subscribing to our newsletter, responding to a survey or filling out forms, you may be asked to provide your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, employer, job title and department, credit card information and other identifying information (“Personally Identifiable Information” or “PII”). You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Please note that PII and anonymous data is used to gather general statistics regarding our customers and visitors, in order to enhance the experience on this site. We may also use demographic data in a manner that does not identify you specifically or allow you to be contacted but does identify certain criteria about our users in general. We use your contact Data to provide you with special information and promotions regarding our products or to contact a customer regarding an order or to respond to a question or request. Any financial data gathered is used for the purposes of processing or completing the financial transaction for your order
WHAT DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
– To personalize your experience. Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
– To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
– To improve customer service. Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
– To process transactions
– To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
– To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. However, no company, organization, or online community, including Meta Section, LLC can fully eliminate security risks associated with personal information We will have no liability however to you or to any third-party arising out of any such loss, misuse, destruction, or alternation.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
DO WE USE COOKIES?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and understand and save your preferences for future visits.
DO WE DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and action tags also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your PII. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. In addition, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. If you choose to visit other websites, we are not responsible for the Privacy Practices or content of those other websites, and it is your responsibility to review the Privacy Policies at those websites to confirm that you understand and agree with their policies. We do seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into the account manager and going to the ‘Profile’ page.
CHILDRENS ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act). We do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Please also visit our Terms of Service section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website on the
Terms of Service
page.
YOUR CONSENT
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 1/31/2016.
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy please
Contact Us
.