Terms of Service
Last Updated April 12, 2024
From time to time Barchart.com may review and update this policy.
These Terms of Use govern your use of any services provided by Barchart.com, Inc., (“Barchart”, “we”, or “us”) including without limitation, any content, functionality or services offered on or through
www.barchart.com
(collectively, the “Barchart Services”), whether as a guest or a registered user.
PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU START TO USE THE BARCHART SERVICES. YOUR AFFIRMATIVE ACT OF USING THE BARCHART SERVICES SIGNIFIES THAT YOU AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF USE, AND YOU CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION AS DISCLOSED IN THE PRIVACY POLICY, WHICH IS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT USE THE BARCHART SERVICES.
CHANGES TO THE TERMS OF USE
We may change these Terms of Use at any time. You can review the most current version of these Terms by clicking on the “Terms of Use” link located at the bottom of our web pages. You are responsible for checking these terms periodically for changes. If you continue to use the Barchart Services after we post changes to these Terms of Use, you are signifying your acceptance of the new terms.
ACCESS TO WEBSITES AND SERVICES
We may discontinue or change any Barchart service or feature at any time and without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Barchart Services is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Barchart Services, or the entirety of the Barchart Services, to users, including registered users.
To access some of the Barchart resources, such as watchlist, screeners, or portfolios, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. If you register as a user (a “Member”) of any of the Barchart Services, during the registration process you may be prompted to click a “Register Now,” “Submit,” or similar button. Clicking any such button will further confirm your agreement to be legally bound by these Terms.
It is a condition of your use of the Barchart Services that all the information you provide is correct, current, and complete. You agree that all information you provide to register with Barchart or otherwise, including, but not limited to, through the use of any interactive features on the Barchart Services, is governed by our Privacy Policy, and you consent to all actions we take with respect to your information consistent with our Privacy Policy. By registering with Barchart, you represent that you are of legal age to form a binding contract and are not a person barred from receiving Barchart services under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction.
If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password, or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to any Barchart Site, or any portion of a Barchart Site, using your user name, password, or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. Barchart will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this provision.
We have the right to disable any user name, password, or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Use.
If you register as a Member of any of the Barchart Services, including the Barchart family of newsletters, we will automatically opt you into to our email lists. The Barchart email lists are an important revenue source for Barchart which help pay for the upkeep and continued development of the Barchart Services. As a Member, Barchart will look to send you relevant content, some of which is advertisements for third party products and services, including special offers, webinars, educational booklets, and promotions tailored to your perceived interests. You can edit your account information, including your newsletter preferences, at any time. Commercial email communications from Barchart come with an unsubscribe link at the bottom for you to opt-out of future such marketing communications. You can also email Barchart at any time and request to be removed, temporarily or permanently from one or all of our email lists. We do not share your email address with any third party advertisers.
TERMINATION
You may terminate your Barchart account and thereby your access to the Barchart Services by submitting such termination request to Barchart. Members can automatically deactivate or delete their Barchart account through the Member Profile page. You agree that Barchart may, without prior notice, immediately terminate, limit your access to, or suspend your Barchart account and the Barchart Services, and delete your and associated email address. Cause for such termination, limitation of access or suspension shall include, but shall not be limited to, (a) breaches or violations of the Terms of Use or other incorporated agreements or guidelines, (b) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (c) discontinuance or material modification to the Barchart Services (or any part thereof), (d) unexpected technical or security issues or problems, (e) extended periods of inactivity, (f) engagement by you in fraudulent or illegal activities, (g) and/or abusive correspondence with Barchart. Further, you agree that all terminations, limitations of access and suspensions for cause shall be made in Barchart’s sole discretion and that Barchart shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your account, your access to the Barchart Services, or the removal of any associated email address.
BARCHART PREMIER & PLUS BILLING, CANCELLATION & REFUND POLICY
Unless otherwise stated, all subscriptions are automatically renewing. To cancel your Barchart Premier or Barchart Plus subscription, please login to www.barchart.com and visit the "Subscription Details" page or send a request to cancel to our Support Desk through our Contact Form.
Annual and bi-annual subscriptions are eligible for a full refund within the first 30-days of your payment. Monthly subscriptions are eligible for a refund within 24-hours of your payment. After the aforementioned refund periods, all sales are final.
Upon receipt and processing of the request, Barchart will acknowledge the cancellation via email. Please retain a copy of the cancellation email for your records. If the refund request was sent within the time period allowed, the refund will be approved and processed within 7 business days.
Barchart does not offer partial cancellations. Upon cancellation your service will remain active through the end of your paid term.
Trials are limited to a maximum of 2 trials per 12-month period per person. Cancellation of a trial takes effect immediately, not at the end of the trial period.
OWNERSHIP OF INFORMATION; LICENSE TO USE BARCHART.COM; REDISTRIBUTION OF DATA.
Unless otherwise noted, all right, title and interest in and to the Barchart Services, and all information and content (“Content”) made available through the Barchart Services, in all languages, formats and media throughout the world, including all copyrights and trademarks therein, are the exclusive property of Barchart, its affiliates or its Data Providers (as defined below). Any Content on websites that are hosted by Barchart and/or its affiliates (a “Site” or “Sites”) is owned by or licensed to Barchart. User acknowledges the Content is protected under United States copyright, trademark, trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. Such Content may include data and prices wholly owned by Barchart and/or managed by Barchart on behalf of the Site.
Use of Barchart.com Screenshots, Static Images and Broadcasting:
You may capture and use static screenshots of Barchart charts, information, web pages or graphics, as well as broadcast Barchart web pages on screen/video (live or recorded) for news, social or educational purposes, in news, social media, videos, reports, publications and other works you create, provided you display without modification applicable attribution, indications of authorship or ownership, and copyright notices (e.g. "Chart Provided by Barchart.com" or "© [YEAR] Barchart.com.").
In addition, you may use the Barchart Services as follows for your personal, non-commercial use only:
You may use Barchart Content offered for downloading, such as daily data files, for personal use only and subject to the rules, if any, that accompany that particular Content.
Your computer may temporarily store copies of Barchart content in RAM incidental to your accessing and viewing such Content.
You may store files that are automatically cached by your web browser for display enhancement purposes.
In no event shall any user:
Modify copies of any materials from the Barchart Services.
Delete or alter any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from the Barchart Services.
Use any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools to capture data or content from the Barchart Services.
Frame any portion of Barchart or Content.
Circumvent any mechanisms included in the Content for preventing the unauthorized reproduction or distribution of the Content. For information on white-labeling Barchart content, please visit
Barchart Market Data Solutions
.
If we provide desktop, mobile, or other applications for download, you may download a single copy to your computer or mobile device solely for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you agree to be bound by any end user license or other applicable agreement for such applications.
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PERMITTED BY THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS, YOU AGREE NOT TO REPRODUCE, RETRANSMIT, DISSEMINATE, SELL, DISTRIBUTE, PUBLISH, BROADCAST OR CIRCULATE ANY OF THE BARCHART SERVICES OR CONTENT IN ANY MANNER OR FOR ANY PURPOSES (WHETHER PERSONAL OR BUSINESS) WITHOUT THE PRIOR EXPRESS WRITTEN CONSENT OF BARCHART AND/OR THE DATA PROVIDERS. IN ADDITION, YOU SHALL NOT, WITHOUT THE PRIOR EXPRESS WRITTEN CONSENT OF BARCHART AND THE RELEVANT DATA PROVIDERS, MAKE COPIES OF ANY OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION THAT MAY BE PROVIDED, ELECTRONICALLY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, TRANSLATING, DECOMPILING, DISASSEMBLING OR CREATING DERIVATIVE WORKS.
SMS TERMS OF USE
Barchart.com, Inc. also known as "Barchart" or "Barchart.com", offers its end users and clients SMS services for the delivery of information, including market data, news and weather, and information related to commodity supply chains (e.g. grain deliveries). The information received is requested by the end user or is based on a business relationship or transaction with Barchart or a Barchart client. The information sent does not contain advertising or a solicitation. Message frequency varies. Message and data rates may apply. Users can text HELP to the sending number for help and reply STOP to cancel receiving text messages. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages
See
SMS PRIVACY POLICY
for more information.
REPORTING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT / DMCA NOTICE
We take claims of copyright infringement seriously. We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable law. If you believe any materials accessible on or from this site (the "
Website
") infringe your copyright, you may request removal of those materials (or access to them) from the Website by submitting written notification to our copyright agent designated below. In accordance with the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512) ("
DMCA
"), the written notice (the "
DMCA Notice
") must include substantially the following:
Identification of the copyrighted work you believe to have been infringed or, if the claim involves multiple works on the Website, a representative list of such works.
Identification of the material you believe to be infringing in a sufficiently precise manner to allow us to locate that material.
Adequate information by which we can contact you (including your name, postal address, telephone number, and, if available, email address).
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the written notice is accurate. A statement, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Your physical or electronic signature.
Our designated copyright agent to receive DMCA Notices is:
Andrew Lowdon
Barchart.com, Inc
222 South Riverside Plaza
Suite 810
Chicago, IL 60606
Phone: 312-939-3022
Email:
dmca@barchart.com
If you fail to comply with all of the requirements of Section 512(c)(3) of the DMCA, your DMCA Notice may not be effective. Please be aware that if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity on the Website is infringing your copyright, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) under Section 512(f) of the DMCA. It is our policy in appropriate circumstances to disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who are repeat infringers.
MORNINGSTAR NOTICE/DISCLAIMER FOR FUNDAMENTAL DATA
Morningstar fundamental data may include financial statements, financial ratios, corporate actions and company profile data for publicly traded companies (“Fundamental Data”). Morningstar owns all right, title and interest in and to the Fundamental Data included in the Barchart Content made available through the Barchart Services, pursuant to the following notice:
© 2025 Morningstar. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
THIRD PARTY SITES AND ADVERTISERS
The Barchart Services may include links to third party websites. Some of these sites may contain materials that are objectionable, unlawful, or inaccurate. You agree that Barchart shall not be held liable for any trading activities or other activities that occur on any website you access through links on any Barchart Site. We provide these links as a convenience, and do not endorse the content or services offered by these other sites. Any dealings that you have with advertisers found on the Barchart Services are between you and the advertiser and you acknowledge and agree that we are not liable for any loss or claim you may have against an advertiser.
DISCLAIMER REGARDING CONTENT
Barchart cannot and does not represent or warrant that any of the Content available through the Barchart Services is accurate, reliable, current, complete or appropriate for your needs. Various Content available through Barchart may be specially obtained by Barchart from professional businesses or organizations, such as exchanges, news providers, market data providers and other content providers (e.g., the New York Stock Exchange, NASDAQ, CME Group and Dow Jones), who are believed to be sources of reliable Content (collectively, the “Data Providers”). Nevertheless, due to various factors — including the inherent possibility of human and mechanical error — the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, results obtained from use, and correct sequencing of Content available through Barchart are not and cannot be guaranteed by Barchart.
YOUR USE OF THE BARCHART SERVICES, THE CONTENT, AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE BARCHART SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SITES, CONTENT, AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE BARCHART SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. NEITHER BARCHART NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH BARCHART MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY, OR AVAILABILITY OF THE SITES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER BARCHART NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH BARCHART REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT THE SITES, THE CONTENT, OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE BARCHART SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE, OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT THE SITES OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE THEM AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR THAT THE SITES OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE BARCHART SERVICES WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, BARCHART HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
DISCLAIMER REGARDING HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS
BARCHART MAKES NO REPRESENTATION THAT ANY ACCOUNT WILL OR IS LIKELY TO ACHIEVE PROFITS OR LOSSES SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN.
Hypothetical performance results have many inherent limitations, some of which are mentioned below, and there are frequently sharp differences between hypothetical performance results and actual results subsequently achieved by any particular trading program. One of the limitations of hypothetical performance results is that they are generally prepared with the benefit of hindsight. In addition, hypothetical trading does not involve financial risk and no hypothetical trading record can completely account for the impact of financial risk in actual trading. For example the ability to withstand losses or to adhere to a particular trading program in spite of the trading losses are material points, which can also adversely affect trading results. There are numerous other factors related to the market in general or to the implementation of any specific trading program which cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of hypothetical performance results and all of which can adversely affect actual trading results.
DISCLAIMER REGARDING INVESTMENT DECISIONS AND TRADING
DECISIONS TO BUY, SELL, HOLD OR TRADE IN SECURITIES, COMMODITIES AND OTHER INVESTMENTS INVOLVE RISK AND ARE BEST MADE BASED ON THE ADVICE OF QUALIFIED FINANCIAL PROFESSIONALS. ANY TRADING IN SECURITIES OR OTHER INVESTMENTS INVOLVES A RISK OF SUBSTANTIAL LOSSES. THE PRACTICE OF “DAY TRADING” INVOLVES PARTICULARLY HIGH RISKS AND CAN CAUSE YOU TO LOSE SUBSTANTIAL SUMS OF MONEY. BEFORE UNDERTAKING ANY TRADING PROGRAM, YOU SHOULD CONSULT A QUALIFIED FINANCIAL PROFESSIONAL. PLEASE CONSIDER CAREFULLY WHETHER SUCH TRADING IS SUITABLE FOR YOU IN LIGHT OF YOUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND ABILITY TO BEAR FINANCIAL RISKS. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE YOU OR ANYONE ELSE INCURS AS A RESULT OF ANY TRADING OR INVESTMENT ACTIVITY THAT YOU OR ANYONE ELSE ENGAGES IN BASED ON ANY INFORMATION OR MATERIAL YOU RECEIVE THROUGH THE BARCHART SERVICES.
NO ADVICE OR SOLICITATION
BARCHART CONTENT IS NOT INTENDED TO PROVIDE TAX, LEGAL OR INVESTMENT ADVICE AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION BY BARCHART OF THE PURCHASE OR SALE OF SECURITIES.
BARCHART DISCLOSURE POLICY
Barchart believes in transparency, which is why we require all of our authors and contributors to disclose whether they own a position in any securities referenced in the article. Any such disclosure shall appear at the end of the relevant article. THIS DISCLOSURE POLICY DOES NOT EXTEND TO BROAD-BASED ETFS / ETPS OR MUTUAL FUND HOLDINGS.
Articles published on Barchart and its affiliate sites are for informational purposes only. All statements, views and opinions expressed by Barchart authors and contributors are solely the views, opinions and responsibility of the person or entity providing the content and do not reflect the views and opinions of Barchart or its affiliates.
Barchart offers no assurances about the accuracy and completeness of the published content.
Barchart is under no obligation to correct or modify any information published on this website.
None of the information in articles published on Barchart or its affiliate sites should be taken as a recommendation to buy or sell a particular investment or subscribe to a particular strategy. It is only the view and opinion of the author or contributor.
Neither Barchart nor any of its affiliates are responsible or liable to you or any third party for the content or accuracy of any content provided by third parties. ANY ACTION TAKEN BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN OUR ARTICLES IS DONE SO STRICTLY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
FEEDBACK TO BARCHART
By submitting ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals (“Contributions”) to Barchart through its contact or feedback webpages, you acknowledge and agree that: (a) your Contributions do not contain confidential or proprietary information; (b) Barchart is not under any obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to the Contributions; (c) Barchart shall be entitled to use or disclose (or choose not to use or disclose) such Contributions for any purpose, in any way, in any media worldwide; (d) Barchart may have something similar to the Contributions already under consideration or in development; (e) your Contributions automatically become the property of Barchart without any obligation of Barchart to you; and (f) you are not entitled to any compensation or reimbursement of any kind from Barchart.com under any circumstances.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL BARCHART, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE BARCHART SERVICES, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THE BARCHART SERVICES, ANY CONTENT ON THE BARCHART SERVICES OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE.
INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Barchart and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employees, partners and licensors from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses, demands, or fees, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of or related to and content you submit, post, transmit, modify or otherwise make available through the Barchart Services, your use of Barchart Sites and Services, your connection to the Barchart Services, your violation of the Terms of Use, or your violation of any rights of another.
DISPUTES
ALL DISPUTES (EXCEPT ACTIONS FOR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF BROUGHT BY BARCHART) ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE RESOLVED EXCLUSIVELY THROUGH BINDING ARBITRATION BEFORE A FORUM LOCATED IN CHICAGO, ILLINOIS. YOU AGREE THAT IN ANY SUCH DISPUTE OR ARBITRATION, YOU WILL ONLY ASSERT CLAIMS IN AN INDIVIDUAL (NON-CLASS, NONREPRESENTATIVE) BASIS, AND THAT YOU WILL NOT SEEK OR AGREE TO SERVE AS A NAMED REPRESENTATIVE IN A CLASS ACTION OR SEEK RELIEF ON BEHALF OF THOSE OTHER THAN YOURSELF. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BY AGREEING TO THIS SECTION, YOU ARE GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO LITIGATE (OR PARTICIPATE AS A PARTY OR CLASS MEMBER) IN COURT. YOU ALSO AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEEDING WILL ONLY CONSIDER YOUR INDIVIDUAL CLAIMS AND YOU AGREE THAT NO DISPUTE WILL BE HEARD AS A CLASS ACTION, REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR CONSOLIDATED ACTION. ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, OR ARBITRATION BROUGHT BY A PARTY PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY BREACH THEREOF MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE, WHETHER OR NOT THE PARTY HAD ANY KNOWLEDGE OR NOTICE THEREOF.
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: March 12, 2024
From time to time we may review and update this privacy policy. When we make changes to this privacy policy, we will post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice’s effective date.
Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
This statement discloses the privacy, security, and information management guidelines that serve as the basis for our user relationships with respect to users of all websites that display a link to this Privacy Policy and that are published by Barchart.com (collectively, “Barchart.com”). Barchart is committed to protecting your privacy. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy.
Children Under the Age of 16
Barchart.com is not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any information to or on Barchart.com. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on Barchart.com, through any of its features, register on Barchart.com, make any purchases through Barchart.com, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at
ccpa@barchart.com
.
California residents under 16 years of age may have additional rights regarding the collection, sharing and sale of their personal information. Please see
Your State Privacy Rights
below for more information.
What information does Barchart.com collect?
By registering with Barchart.com or signing up to receive a newsletter from Barchart.com, we will automatically opt your email address into our email lists, where we will look to send you relevant content, some of which are advertisements for third party products and services, including special offers, webinars, educational booklets, and promotions tailored to your perceived interests. You can opt-out at any time (opt-out details are below).
Barchart maintains logs which contain information on anonymous users such as IP address, browser type, operating system, and referring web page. We use this information to track usage and diagnose bugs. We also gather regular statistical information regarding site usage, browser information, OS, device and network information, and user interaction on our various websites and services from all users without any personally identifiable information.
Websites and apps with logins require personal data, and, without such, gaining access may not be possible. When you set up an account, we collect personal data such as your name, address, company, telephone number, email address, username and password. We also collect information from third party providers (e.g., if you log-in to our site using a Google, Facebook or another third-party log-in, you grant permission the third-party to share your user details with us). This will include your user ID, first name, last name, and email address which we will then use to create a Barchart account.
Device Information
. We automatically track and collect data from the devices and applications you use to access our Services, such as IP addresses, domain servers, length of visit and the pages you viewed, operating system version, device type, system and performance information and browser type. We may also infer your geographic location based on your IP address or using your device’s native features. We also automatically log your activity when you use our Services. These logs may identify features you use, actions you take, and information you access. This data is anonymous anCalifornia residents may only make a verifiable consumer requestd does not personally identify you, but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving our Services. For more information
please visit this page
.
Billing Information.
If you sign up for our services and/or to attend a paid event or webinar, we require you to provide billing details, such as a name, address, telephone number, email address and financial information corresponding to your applicable method of payment (e.g., payment card information).
Event Registration Information.
If you elect to attend an event hosted by Barchart (e.g., webinar, conference), we may collect personal data, such as your name, address, company, telephone number, email address, billing information and other information. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to register with us or take advantage of some features (e.g., receipt of emails regarding event details, electronic copies of event materials, etc.).
Survey Data.
We will occasionally post surveys on our sites. Participation in Barchart surveys is voluntary, and information collected from surveys will be used to improve Barchart user experience and our services.
Other Data.
We may collect your personal information or data if you submit it to us in other contexts (e.g., sales inquiries, customer support requests, feedback forms, etc.). Use of certain Barchart apps (e.g. Marketplace) may require you to sync and submit other personal data related to physical commodity transactions you facilitate, such as bids and offers, receipts, electronic contracts and other transactional information related to the buying and selling of physical commodities.
Email Information.
We record the time and date a user opts-in or opts-out of email lists as well as the source of the subscription (which form was used to sign up), your name, email address, and IP. We may track interaction within any email sent such as opens or click-throughs as well as the email client used (e.g., Gmail, Yahoo, Outlook, etc.) and/or device and OS.
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you
. For example, from forms you complete or products and services you purchase.
Indirectly from you
. For example, from observing your actions on Barchart.com.
Residents of certain states have the right to request that we disclose certain additional information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Please see
Your State Privacy Rights
below for more information.
Does Barchart.com use cookies?
To optimize the user experience Barchart may make use of cookies technology. We may use cookies and other storage methods to target ads via third party providers, keep temporary user preferences per the user’s device, or for some mapping services we offer. Barchart also uses functional cookies to enhance the performance of our websites and services which are unrelated to collecting or storing personal information.
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on Barchart.com are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with other tracking technologies, to collect information about you when you use Barchart.com. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
Please read our Cookie Notice here
.
Residents of certain states may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see
Your State Privacy Rights for more information
.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
How do I opt-out of commercial email communications from Barchart.com?
Commercial email communications from Barchart.com come with an unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email where you can opt-out of future such marketing communications. You can also email Barchart.com at
removeme@barchart.com
at any time and request to be removed from one or all of our email lists, or visit our Newsletters page at
www.barchart.com/my/barchart-newsletters
.
Can you opt-out of providing personally identifying information or receiving marketing messages?
You may opt-out altogether from providing personally identifying information to us by not registering with Barchart.com and thereby not providing personal information, or by not visiting the Barchart.com sites. You can delete your Barchart.com account by emailing us at
removeme@barchart.com
. Such a request must include your user name. Members can automatically deactivate or delete their Barchart.com account through the
Member Profile (www.barchart.com/my/profile)
page. If you choose not to register or provide mandatory information in the registration form, Barchart.com will not be fully accessible to you. You can edit your account information, including your newsletter preferences, at any time. Commercial email communications from Barchart.com come with an unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email for you to opt-out of future such marketing communications.
Manage your Newsletters and third-party emails:
www.barchart.com/my/barchart-newsletters
Manage your Reports emails:
www.barchart.com/my/eod-reports
Manage your Portfolio emails:
www.barchart.com/my/eod-portfolio-emails
Manage your Watchlist emails:
www.barchart.com/my/eod-watchlist-emails
Manage your My Charts emails:
www.barchart.com/my/eod-my-charts-emails
Manage your Screener emails:
www.barchart.com/my/eod-my-charts-emails
Manage your Author Following emails:
www.barchart.com/my/author-followings
Manage your Barchart Alerts:
www.barchart.com/my/alerts
Deactivate or Delete your Barchart account:
www.barchart.com/my/profile
How does Barchart.com protect its content and user information?
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to protect the information we collect online, including security for credit card submissions. Such commercially reasonable precautions, however, do not absolutely guarantee the absolute protection of your personally identifying information. You must understand that there will always be some risk that any personally identifying information that you provide to us may be released without our permission or knowledge.
What does Barchart.com do with the information it gathers and/or tracks?
Barchart.com uses information for the following general purposes:
To fulfill your requests for products and services.
To create, maintain, customize and secure your account with us.
To process and collect your payments.
To fulfill orders and contractual obligations.
To fulfill customer support requests.
To customize the advertising and content you see.
To improve our services.
To contact you.
To conduct research, and to provide trend reporting for internal and external clients.
To respond to law enforcement requests as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our consumers is among the assets transferred.
Barchart.com may also display targeted advertisements based on personal information. Advertisers (including ad serving companies) may assume that people who interact with, view, or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteria—for example, people trading agricultural products from a particular geographic area.
We may send you certain communications relating to the Barchart.com service, such as service announcements, administrative messages and the Barchart.com Newsletter, that are considered part of your Barchart.com account.
To whom does Barchart.com disclose the information it gathers and/or tracks?
Barchart.com may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose, including with third parties that perform services on our behalf such as running our sites, sending communications for us and executing marketing programs and promotions. Barchart.com may disclose user information it gathers, in aggregate or statistical form, that does not identify individuals nor include personal information, with advertisers and other partners. Barchart utilizes email service providers for its commercial email communications which requires providing personal information, such as email address, to the email service providers for the purpose of using their service to send commercial emails. We only make these business purpose disclosures under written contracts that describe the purposes, require the recipient to keep the personal information confidential, and prohibit using the disclosed information for any purpose except performing the contract. Barchart uses reputable email service providers that implement high standards of care, protection and security of personal information. Barchart may disclose pseudonymized personal data, including hashed email addresses, to third parties for monetization purposes. We also may disclose information about you, including personally identifying information, if sought by legal process or requested by law enforcement, or in order to protect the rights and property of Barchart.com or the safety of our users or the public, or to protect against unauthorized use of our site. You can opt-out of the disclosure of your personal information at any time (opt-out details are below).
We only sell personal information under limited situations, including if Barchart.com is acquired by another company or otherwise merged into another company, we will transfer collected registrant and user information subject to this policy to a successor. In the event that information will be subject to a materially different privacy policy, Barchart.com or its successor will provide notice.
How long does Barchart store the data it collects?
Barchart can store usage data for the life of the service starting from its release date. Barchart stores personal data for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed, with certain limited exceptions, or until a request has been made to delete the data.
SMS Privacy Policy
In order to use Barchart's SMS services, users must opt-in to the service and provide Barchart with their mobile phone number and name. Users can opt-out at any time. The information provided to Barchart to use Barchart's SMS services (mobile phone number and name) is not shared with any third-party or sold.
No mobile information will be shared with third parties/affiliates for marketing/promotional purposes. All the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.
See
SMS TERMS OF USE
for more information.
Security Breach Notification
In the event of a security breach that exposes your personal information, Barchart shall notify you that there has been a breach of the system containing your Personal Information and related details. The notification will be done as quickly as possible and will be reported to any required authorities.
What information do third-party advertisers gather and collect?
Third-party companies which place advertising on Barchart.com may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising through the use of their cookies or other tracking technologies, which may include delivering targeted advertisements and marketing messages based upon the third party websites that you visit, or through other purposes. We cannot control this collection of information and are not responsible for the privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices of these third party advertisers. You should contact these third party advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect from you. Google/DoubleClick DFP is our third party ad server. If you would like to know more about their information gathering practices and opt-out procedures, please see
http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
. Also, if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see:
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1
.
When you use our website and enter your email address on our website (either to log in, or to sign up for a newsletter, or similar), we may share with LiveRamp and its group companies information that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with any of the following, acting as “joint controllers” (as applicable and defined in the GDPR).
LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code that we may store in our first-party cookie for our use in online, in-app, and cross-channel advertising. This may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognising you on your devices. This code does not contain any of your directly identifiable personal data and will not be used by LiveRamp to re-identify you.
Detailed information on LiveRamp’s data processing activities is available in LiveRamp’s privacy policy
https://liveramp.com/privacy/
. You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt-out to the processing of your personal data at any time
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
.
Your State Privacy Rights - Additional Information for Residents of Certain Jurisdictions
State consumer privacy laws may provide their residents with additional rights regarding our use of their personal information.
California
This section applies solely to visitors to and users of the website who reside in the State of California. In addition, this section applies to employment-related personal information collected from California-based employees, job applicants, contractors, or similar individuals.
We have collected the following categories of personal information from California residents within the last 12 months:
Category
Examples
Collected
Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
YES
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
YES
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
NO
Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
NO
Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
NO
Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO
Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
NO
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
NO
We do not use or disclose your sensitive personal information other than to:
To perform the services or provide the goods reasonably expected by you when you request those goods or services.
To prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity, and or confidentiality of stored or transmitted personal information, provided that the use of your personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for this purpose.
To resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at the business and to prosecute those responsible for those actions, provided that the use of your personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for this purpose.
To ensure the physical safety of natural persons, provided that the use of your personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for this purpose.
For short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, nonpersonalized advertising shown as part of your current interaction with us, provided that your personal information is not used to build a profile about you or otherwise alter your experience outside the current interaction with us.
To perform services on behalf of the business, provided that the use of your personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for this purpose, including the disclosure of pseudonymized personal data, including hashed email addresses, to third parties for monetization purposes.
To verify or maintain the quality or safety of a product, service, or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured by, manufactured for, or controlled by us, provided that the use of your personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for this purpose.
For purposes that do not infer characteristics about you.
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), provide California residents with the following rights:
The right of Californians to know what personal information is being collected about them;
The right of Californians to request the deletion of personal information collected from and retained about them (subject to certain exceptions);
The right of Californians to know whether their personal information is sold or disclosed and to whom;
The right of Californians to say no to the sale of personal information;
The right of Californians to access their personal information;
The right of Californians to rectify their personal information;
In addition, you have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate personal information we maintain about you.
You have the right to request that we stop all sharing of your personal information with third parties for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the CCPA. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Colorado, Connecticut, Indiana, Iowa, Montana, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah and Virginia
1
This section applies solely to visitors to and users of the website who reside in Colorado, Connecticut, Indiana, Iowa, Montana, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah and Virginia and are acting in an individual or household context.
Colorado, Connecticut, Indiana, Iowa, Montana, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah and Virginia each provide their state residents with rights to:
Confirm whether we process their personal information.
Access and delete certain personal information.
Data portability.
Opt-out of sales of personal information.
Colorado, Connecticut, Indiana, Montana, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia each provide their state residents with rights to:
Correct inaccuracies in their personal information, taking into account the information's nature processing purpose.
Opt-in to processing sensitive data.
Colorado, Connecticut, Indiana, Montana, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah and Virginia each provide their state residents with rights to opt-out of processing for profiling/targeted advertising purposes.
Colorado, Connecticut, Indiana, Iowa, Montana, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia each provide their state residents with rights to opt-out of automated decision making.
Exercising State-Specific Rights
To exercise any of the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us through the methods below.
Email:
privacy@barchart.com
Phone: 800-238-5814
Mail:
Barchart.com, Inc.
222 S. Riverside Plaza, Suite 810
Chicago, IL 60606
ATTN: Privacy Rights
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. However, we do consider requests made through your password protected account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
For display advertising on Barchart.com to exercise your California rights and request any of the actions or information under the CCPA, you can also do so at
https://www.barchart.com/privacy-tool
.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Appealing Decisions on Data Requests
You have the right to appeal a refusal to take action on a request within a reasonable period of time after your receipt of our decision. Within 60 days of receipt of an appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, you will be provided with an online method through which you may contact the Attorney General of your state of residence to submit a complaint.
Contact Us
To contact Barchart or if you have any additional questions, please visit
https://www.barchart.com/contact
.
Barchart.com, Inc.
222 S. Riverside Plaza, Suite 810
Chicago IL, 60606
Footnotes
1
Indiana effective only as of January 1, 2026; Iowa effective only as of January 1, 2025; Montana effective only as of October 1, 2024; Oregon effective only as of July 1, 2024; Tennessee only effective as of July 1, 2025; New Jersey effective only as of January 15, 2025.
EXCHANGE DELAYS and UNIFORM SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT
Last Updated May 16, 2024
From time to time Barchart.com may review and update this policy.
Exchange Delays
Below are the exchanges and indices covered by Barchart and their respective delay times:
U.S. Equities Exchanges:
American Stock Exchange (NYSE Arca): 15-minutes
Cboe BZX Exchange: Real-Time
NASDAQ Stock Exchange: 15-minutes
FINRA OTC US: 15-minutes
New York Stock Exchange (NYSE): 15-minutes
S&P Indices: 15-minutes
Dow Indices: 15-minutes
Cboe Indices: 15-minutes
Nasdaq Indices: 15-minutes
Canadian Equities Exchanges:
Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX): 15-minutes
TSX Venture Exchange (TSX-V): 15-minutes
Canadian Securities Exchange (CNSX): 15-minutes
Cboe Canada: 15-minutes
TSX Indices: 15-minutes
Europe and Australia Exchanges:
London Stock Exchange (LSE): 15-minutes
EuroNext Equities (Paris/Amsterdam/Brussels/Lisbon): 15-minutes
Cboe Europe (BXE/CXE): 15-minutes
EuroNext Indices: 15-minutes
Australian Securities Exchange (ASX): 20-minutes
Futures Exchanges & Forex:
BM&F Exchange: 10-minutes
Bursa Malaysia: 15-minutes
Cboe Futures Exchange (CFE): 10-minutes
CME Group (CME/CBOT/KCBT/NYMEX/COMEX): 10-minutes
Eurex: 15-minutes
EuroNext: 15-minutes
Fair Exchange: Real-Time
Hong Kong Futures Exchange (HKEX Information Services): 15-minutes
ICE Futures (US/Europe/Canada/Endex/Abu Dhabi): 10-minutes
Minneapolis Grain Exchange (MGEX): 10-minutes
Montreal Exchange: 15-minutes
The Small Exchange: Real-Time
Forex Prices: 10-minutes
Futures, Forex and Crypto prices are quoted in Central Time (CT), Equities prices are quoted in local exchange time.
YOUR AFFIRMATIVE ACT OF USING BARCHART.COM SIGNIFIES THAT YOU AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING UNIFORM SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT by and between yourself ("Subscriber"), Barchart.com, Inc. and each of the Exchanges designated below ("Exchanges").
Exchanges:
Australia Stock Exchange (ASX), B3 (BM&F BOVESPA), Bursa Malaysia, Canadian Securities Exchange (CSE), Cboe BZX Exchange, Cboe Europe, Cboe Indices / Market Data Express, Cboe Futures Exchange, Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT), Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME), COMEX, Eurex, Euronext, European Energy Exchange AG, Fair Exchange, Hong Kong Futures Exchange (HKEX Information Services), ICE Futures US, ICE Futures Europe, ICE Futures Canada, ICE Endex, ICE Abu Dhabi, Kansas City Board of Trade (KCBT), LIFFE, London Metals Exchange (LME), London Stock Exchange (LSE), Minneapolis Grain Exchange (MGEX), Montreal Exchange (MX), NASDAQ, New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX), New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), NYSE LIFFE US, Options Price Reporting Authority (OPRA), S&P Dow Jones Indices, The Small Exchange, Toronto Stock Exchange and TSX Venture Exchange (TSX Inc.)
1. DEFINITIONS.
"Device" means any unit of equipment, fixed or portable, that receives, accesses or displays Market Data in visible, audible or other comprehensible form.
"Force Majeure Event" means any flood, extraordinary weather conditions, earthquake or other act of God, fire, war, terrorism, insurrection, riot, labor dispute, accident, action of government, communications or power failures, or equipment or software malfunctions.
"Person" means any natural person, proprietorship, corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other organization.
"Market Data" means information and data pertaining to futures contracts and options contracts or similar derivative instruments traded on the Exchanges as well as associated index data, that includes, without limitation, opening and closing range prices, high-low prices, settlement prices, current bid and ask prices, last sale prices, price limits, requests for quotations, estimated and actual contract volume data, text messages pertaining to market activity, contract specifications, fast or late messages and, as determined by each of the Exchanges, may include information respecting exchange-for-physical (EFP) or against actuals (AA) transactions. With respect to Subscriber's obligations under this Agreement, Market Data includes information, data and materials that are derived from the foregoing and that convey information to Subscriber that is substantially equivalent to Market Data.
2. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS IN THE MARKET DATA.
Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that each of the Exchanges has exclusive and valuable property rights in and to its own Market Data, that such Market Data constitute valuable confidential information, trade secrets and/or proprietary rights of each of the Exchanges, not within the public domain, that such Market Data shall remain valuable confidential information, trade secrets and/or proprietary rights of each of the Exchanges at least until the Exchanges place their respective Market Data in the public domain or authorize placement of their respective Market Data in the public domain, and that, but for this Agreement, Subscriber would have no rights or access to such Market Data. Whether or not a particular Exchange has placed its Market Data in the public domain or has authorized the placement of its Market Data in the public domain shall be determined according to the terms of such Exchange's agreement with Vendor, which agreement is described in Section 3(a).
Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that disclosure of any Market Data, or any breach or threatened breach of any other covenants or agreements contained herein, would cause irreparable injury to each of the Exchanges for which money damages would be an inadequate remedy. Accordingly, Subscriber further acknowledges and agrees that each of the Exchanges shall be entitled to specific performance and injunctive and other equitable relief from the breach or threatened breach of any provision, requirement or covenant of this Agreement (including, without limitation, any disclosure or threatened disclosure of Market Data) in addition to and not in limitation of any other legal or equitable remedies which may be available.
3. RECEIPT OF MARKET DATA BY SUBSCRIBER.
Vendor and Subscriber have entered into an agreement by which Vendor will, among other things, provide Subscriber with Market Data. Vendor has entered into agreements with each of the Exchanges whereby Vendor has been granted the right to receive Market Data and to retransmit the same to Subscriber. This Agreement to the agreement between Vendor and Subscriber sets forth the terms and conditions upon which Subscriber may receive and use Market Data. Subscriber acknowledges that, notwithstanding such agreement, each of the Exchanges may, in its discretion, discontinue disseminating its own Market Data or change or eliminate its own transmission method, speed or signal characteristics. In addition, Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that the Exchanges reserve the right to disapprove any Subscriber and retain the right to direct Vendor to terminate any Subscriber's receipt of Market Data for any reason or no reason, in which event the Exchanges shall so notify Vendor and Vendor shall cease providing Market Data to Subscriber as soon as practicable.
(1) Except as provided in (2) below, Subscriber will use Market Data only for its own internal business activities and only at the offices and locations and on the Devices designated by Subscriber in writing to Vendor from time-to-time. (The term "for its own internal business activities", as used in the immediately preceding sentence herein, means for Subscriber's (a) trading, for its own account or for the account of its customers, of commodity futures contracts, options on commodity futures contracts or similar derivative instruments, or (b) evaluating, for its own internal business decisions or advice to its customers, the movements or trends in markets for commodity futures contracts, options on commodity future contracts, or like derivative instruments, subject to all of the limitations set forth below in this sub-paragraph as to the telephonic disclosure to customers of a necessary and de minimis number of segments of Market Data.) Subscriber agrees that it will not communicate or otherwise furnish, or permit to be communicated or otherwise furnished, the Market Data, in any format, to any other party or any office or location other than that designated above, nor allow any other party to take, directly or indirectly, any of the Market Data from such offices or locations, and will adopt and enforce any policy that is reasonable to prevent the Market Data from being taken therefrom. Subscriber specifically agrees, without limiting or varying its obligations under paragraph 7 herein or otherwise set forth in this Agreement, that Subscriber shall not use or permit another person to use any Market Data for the purposes of determining or arriving at any price, including any settlement prices, for commodity futures contracts, options on commodity futures contracts, or like derivatives instruments traded on any exchange other than the Exchanges. Subscriber will abide by any other limitations on such use that any of the Exchanges may specify. Subscriber will use its best efforts to ensure that its partners, officers, directors, employees and agents maintain sole control and physical possession of, and sole access to, Market Data received through Devices in Subscriber's possession. (2) Notwithstanding (1) above, Subscriber may, in the regular course of its business, occasionally furnish, to each of its customers, branch offices, and guaranteed introducing brokers, in a quantity restricted to that necessary to enable Subscriber to conduct its business, a de minimis number of segments of Market Data. Such redissemination must be strictly limited to telephonic communications not entailing the use of computerized voice synthesization or any other technology and must be strictly related to the trading activity of Subscriber or any such recipients. Any such recipients must be advised by Subscriber that such segments are proprietary and confidential information not to be disclosed or disseminated to other persons or entities. Subscriber agrees to make all reasonable efforts to ensure that such recipients abide by the provisions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that a Subscriber is a newspaper which reports on, among other things, exchanges on which commodity futures contracts or options on commodity futures are traded, such Subscriber shall be permitted to publish, in its newspaper published for the day following the receipt by such Subscriber of the Market Data, the Market Data received by Subscriber from Exchanges on the day prior to such publication.
In the event that Vendor has agreed to permit Subscriber to receive, access or display Market Data through means other than a Vendor-provided Device, such as by means of: (i) the Internet, any Intranet or any other type of network; (ii) portable Devices (e.g., pocket pagers, personal digital assistants, laptop computers, etc.); and (iii) synthesized voice responses over telephones, Subscriber will use its best efforts to ensure that no other device, attachment or apparatus is used which may allow third parties not subject to Subscriber's reporting obligations under Section 3(b) above to access the Market Data.
4. REPORTING.
Subscriber agrees to furnish promptly to Vendor any information or reports that may be required by any of the Exchanges as applicable and that is reasonably related to Subscriber's receipt of Market Data. Subscriber further agrees to furnish promptly to Vendor any additional information or reports that may be required by the agreement between Vendor and Subscriber referred to in Section 3(a) as it relates to Subscriber's receipt of Market Data.
5. RIGHT OF INSPECTION AND AUDIT.
During regular business hours, any Persons designated by any Exchange may have access to Subscriber's offices or locations in order to observe the use made of the Market Data and to examine and inspect any Devices, attachments or apparatuses, as well as any books and records required to be maintained by Subscriber under Sections 3(b) and 4 in connection with its receipt and use of Market Data. Subscriber will make prompt adjustment (including interest thereon at the rate of 1.5% per month), through Vendor, to compensate any Exchange that discovers an under-reported use of the Market Data by Subscriber. In addition, at the election of any such Exchange, Subscriber will be liable for the reasonable costs of any audit that reveals a discrepancy in such Exchange's favor of five percent (5%) or more of the amount of fees actually due such Exchange. Subscriber shall maintain the records and books upon which it bases its reporting for Cboe, CBOT, CCX, CCFE, CME, GreenX, KCBOT, or ONECHICAGO Market Data for three (3) years following the period to which the records relate. Subscriber shall maintain the records and books upon which it bases the reporting for NYMEX, COMEX, ICE FUTURES US, ICE FUTURES EUROPE, or ICE FUTURES CANADA Market Data for six (6) years following the period to which the records and books relate. In the event that Subscriber fails to retain such records and books as required above, Subscriber agrees to pay each Exchange's reasonable estimate of any discrepancy discovered pursuant to any such audit.
6. EXCHANGE FEES.
Subscriber will pay Vendor (unless Vendor has assumed Subscriber's payment obligations hereunder), for and on behalf of each of the Exchanges (as applicable), for the right to receive Market Data in accordance with the then-current fee schedule published by each of the Exchanges from time-to- time (including any and all applicable federal, state or local taxes). Each Exchange's fees are subject to modification by each of them at any time, without prior notice to Subscriber. In addition, Subscriber agrees to pay Vendor any penalties assessed against Subscriber by Vendor on behalf of any Exchange. Nothing herein shall limit a Vendor's obligation pursuant to separate agreement between Vendor and any of the Exchanges (as applicable) to pay Exchange fees.
7. COVENANTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SUBSCRIBER.
Subscriber covenants, represents and warrants that it is not engaged in the business of distributing Market Data and that, to its knowledge after reasonable inquiry, it is receiving the Market Data from a Vendor that is authorized by the Exchanges to distribute the Market Data. Subscriber agrees that it will not use or permit any other Person to use Market Data for any illegal purpose. Subscriber agrees that it will not use Market Data in any way to compete with the Exchanges or Vendor, nor use the Market Data in any way so as to assist or allow a third party to compete with the Exchanges or Vendor. Subscriber agrees that the provision of Market Data by the Exchanges hereunder is conditioned upon Subscriber's strict compliance with the terms of this Agreement and that Vendor may, with or without notice and with or without cause, forthwith discontinue said service whenever in its judgment there has been any default or breach by Subscriber of the provisions hereof, or whenever directed to do so by any of the Exchanges.
8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.
SUBSCRIBER AGREES THAT NEITHER VENDOR NOR THE EXCHANGES MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE MARKET DATA, OR THE TRANSMISSION, TIMELINESS, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS THEREOF, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, QUALITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND THOSE ARISING BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE IN LAW OR FROM ANY COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.
9. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND DAMAGES.
Subscriber agrees that: (i) the provision of Market Data is made with equipment, communications devices, and/or leased lines not owned or operated solely by Vendor or the Exchanges; (ii) neither Vendor nor the Exchanges, nor their respective members, directors, officers, employees or agents, guarantees the sequence, accuracy or completeness of the Market Data, nor shall any of them be liable to Subscriber or any other Person for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions in Market Data, or in the transmission thereof, or for any other damages arising in connection with Subscriber's receipt or use of Market Data, whether or not resulting from negligence on their part, a Force Majeure Event or any other cause beyond their reasonable control; and (iii) if the foregoing disclaimer and limitation of liability should be deemed invalid or ineffective by a court of competent jurisdiction, neither Vendor nor the Exchanges, nor their respective members, directors, officers, employees or agents shall be liable for any of the foregoing beyond the actual amount of loss or damage, or the sum of fifty dollars ($50.00), whichever is less.
10. TERM AND TERMINATION.
Subject to Subscriber's strict compliance with the provisions of this Agreement, the provision of Market Data by any of the Exchanges hereunder will continue in force during the term of the agreement between Subscriber and Vendor and any renewal term thereof. In addition, it is understood that the provisions set forth in paragraphs 2(a) and 2(b) of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
11. INDEMNIFICATION.
Subscriber will indemnify, defend and hold Vendor and the Exchanges, and their respective members, directors, officers, employees and agents harmless from and against any and all claims arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, including, without limitation, any liability, loss or damages (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees and other expenses) caused by any inaccuracy in or omission from, Subscriber's failure to furnish or to keep, or Subscriber's delay in furnishing or keeping, any report or record required to be kept by Subscriber hereunder.
12. MISCELLANEOUS.
In case of any breach by Subscriber of its obligations hereunder, each of the Exchanges will be considered to be a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement and may bring an action to enforce its terms directly against Subscriber. Any action arising out of this Agreement between the CFE, CBOT, CCX, CCFE, CME, or ONECHICAGO and Subscriber shall be governed and construed in accordance with the internal laws (and not the law of conflicts) of the State of Illinois. Any action arising out of this Agreement between the KCBOT and Subscriber shall be governed and construed in accordance with the internal laws (and not the law of conflicts) of the State of Missouri. Any action arising out of this Agreement between NYMEX, COMEX, GreenX, ICE FUTURES US, ICE FUTURES EUROPE, or ICE FUTURES CANADA and Subscriber shall be governed and construed in accordance with the internal laws (and not the law of conflicts) of the State of New York. Any action arising out of this agreement between Subscriber and Vendor shall be governed and construed in accordance with the internal laws (and not the laws of conflict) of the State of Illinois and all such actions shall be litigated before a court located in Chicago, Illinois without regard to choice of law principles. Subscriber may not assign all or any part of this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Exchanges (as applicable). Neither Vendor nor Subscriber may modify or amend the terms of this Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any other agreement relating to Subscriber's receipt and use of Market Data, including, without limitation, the agreement between Vendor and Subscriber referred to in Section 3(a), the terms and conditions of this Agreement will prevail. If, for any reason, one or more provisions of this Agreement is held invalid, the other provisions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, OR LITIGATION BROUGHT BY A PARTY PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY BREACH THEREOF MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE, WHETHER OR NOT THE PARTY HAD ANY KNOWLEDGE OR NOTICE THEREOF. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT IN ANY SUCH DISPUTE OR SUBSEQUENT LEGAL ACTION, THEY WILL ONLY ASSERT CLAIMS IN AN INDIVIDUAL (NON-CLASS, NONREPRESENTATIVE) BASIS, AND THAT THEY WILL NOT SEEK OR AGREE TO SERVE AS A NAMED REPRESENTATIVE IN A CLASS ACTION OR SEEK RELIEF ON BEHALF OF THOSE OTHER THAN THEMSELVES. BARCHART WILL BE ENTITLED TO RECOVER ITS COURT COSTS AND ATTORNEYS' FEES AND EXPENSES INCURRED IN PROVING ANY BREACH BY YOU OF ANY TERMS OF USE.
The Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Privacy Notice and Policy can be reviewed at
https://www.cboe.com/legal/privacy
.
The Dow Jones Indexes℠ are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by Dow Jones Indexes, a licensed trademark of CME Group Index Services LLC and have been licensed for use. “Dow Jones®” and “Dow Jones Indexes” are service marks of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings, LLC. “CME” is a trademark of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. All content of the Dow Jones Indexes © CME Group Index Services LLC 2018.
HKEX POLICY
HKEX INFORMATION SERVICES LIMITED, ITS HOLDING COMPANIES AND/OR ANY SUBSIDIARIES OF SUCH HOLDING COMPANIES ENDEAVOUR TO ENSURE THE ACCURACY AND RELIABILITY OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BUT DO NOT GUARANTEE ITS ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY AND ACCEPT NO LIABILITY (WHETHER IN TORT OR CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE ARISING FROM ANY INACCURACIES OR OMISSIONS.
ICE POLICY
ICE DATA LLP, OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, EITHER AS TO THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF ICE FUTURES DATA AND/OR THE FIGURE AT WHICH ICE FUTURES DATA STANDS AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME ON ANY PARTICULAR DAY OR OTHERWISE. THE USE OF THE DATA IS PROVIDED ON AN ‘AS IS’ BASIS AND ICE DATA LLP, AND ITS AFFILIATES, DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE WHATSOEVER INCURRED BY THE USE OF THE DATA HEREIN.
CME Group Policy
CME Group market data, and all rights in and to it, are the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. or it’s licensors as applicable. All rights reserved, except as expressly licensed by Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc.
London Metal Exchange (LME) Policy
Unless specifically agreed with the LME in writing, the Subscriber shall not, and (if the Subscriber is an undertaking) shall not permit any of its employees to use the Information as a Benchmark or in connection with the determination of a Benchmark or pass the Information to an Administrator in connection with the determination of a Benchmark.
The London Metal Exchange logo is a registered trademark of The London Metal Exchange. Use of the LME logo or any other LME trademark is prohibited without the express written consent of LME.
Log In
Sign Up
HOME
Stocks
Market Pulse
Stock Market Overview
Market Momentum
Market Performance
Top 100 Stocks
Today's Price Surprises
New Highs & Lows
Economic Overview
Earnings Within 7 Days
Earnings & Dividends
Stock Screener
Barchart Trade Picks
Today's Top Stock Pick
All Top Stock Picks
Performance Leaders
Percent Change
Price Change
Range Change
Gap Up & Gap Down
Five Day Gainers
Before & After Markets
Pre-Market Trading
Post-Market Trading
Most Active
Volume Leaders
Price Volume Leaders
Volume Advances
Trading Liquidity
Indices
Market Indices
S&P Indices
S&P Sectors
Dow Jones Indices
Nasdaq Indices
Russell Indices
Volatility Indices
Commodities Indices
US Sectors Indices
World Indices
Trading Signals
New Recommendations
Top Stocks to Own
Top Signal Strength
Top Signal Direction
Stock Signal Upgrades
Sectors
Stock Market Sectors
Major Markets Heat Map
Industry Rankings
Industry Heat Map
Industry Performance
Stocks by Grouping
Options
Market Pulse
Options Market Overview
Unusual Options Activity
Options Flow
Upcoming Earnings
Volatility
IV Rank and IV Percentile
Implied vs Realized Vol
Highest Implied Volatility
%Change in Volatility
Volume & Open Interest
Most Active Options
Unusual Options Volume
Options Volume Leaders
Highest Open Positions
Change in Open Interest
%Change in Open Interest
Data & Tools
Options Time & Sales
Options Price History
Options Calculator
Options Learning Center
Option Screeners
Options Screener
Long Call Screener
Long Put Screener
Income Strategies
Covered Call
Naked Put
Vertical Spreads
Bull Call Spread
Bear Call Spread
Bear Put Spread
Bull Put Spread
Protection Strategies
Married Put
Protective Collar
Straddle and Strangle
Long Straddle
Short Straddle
Long Strangle
Short Strangle
Horizontal Strategies
Long Call Calendar
Long Put Calendar
Long Call Diagonal
Short Call Diagonal
Long Put Diagonal
Short Put Diagonal
Butterfly Strategies
Long Call Butterfly
Short Call Butterfly
Long Put Butterfly
Short Put Butterfly
Long Iron Butterfly
Short Iron Butterfly
Condor Strategies
Long Call Condor
Short Call Condor
Long Put Condor
Short Put Condor
Long Iron Condor
Short Iron Condor
ETFs
Market Pulse
ETF Market Overview
Popular ETFs
ETF Finder
Top 100 ETFs
Today's Price Surprises
New Highs & Lows
Top Dividend ETFs
ETF Screener
Performance Leaders
Percent Change
Price Change
Range Change
Gap Up & Gap Down
Five Day Gainers
Before & After Markets
Pre-Market Trading
Post-Market Trading
Most Active
Volume Leaders
Price Volume Leaders
Volume Advances
Trading Signals
New Recommendations
Top ETFs to Own
Top Signal Strength
Top Signal Direction
ETFs Signal Upgrades
Mutual Funds
Today's Price Surprises
New  Highs & Lows
Performance
Price Change
Funds Screener
Futures
Market Pulse
Futures Market Overview
Long Term Trends
Today's Price Surprises
Highs & Lows
Futures Market Map
Performance Leaders
Most Active Futures
Prices by Exchange
Commodity Groupings
Commodities Prices
Currencies
Energies
Financials
Grains
Indices
Livestock
Metals
Softs
Mini & Micro Futures
Futures Trading Guide
Trading Guide
Historical Performance
Commitment of Traders
Commitment of Traders
Legacy Report
Disaggregated Report
Financial TFF Report
Resources
Contract Specifications
Futures Expirations
First Notice Dates
Options Expirations
Economic Calendar
Cash Markets
Cash Markets Overview
Corn Indexes
Soybean Indexes
European Futures
Euro Futures Overview
Long Term Trends
Today's Price Surprises
Highs & Lows
Futures Market Map
Performance Leaders
Most Active Futures
European Groupings
Commodities Prices
Energies
Financials
Grains
Indices
Metals
Softs
Power Futures
Carbon Futures
European Trading Guide
European Trading Guide
Historical Performance
Currencies
Forex Market Pulse
Forex Market Overview
Long Term Trends
Today's Price Surprises
Highs & Lows
Forex Market Map
Performance Leaders
Currency Converter
Crypto Market Pulse
Crypto Market Overview
Market Capitalizations
Bitcoin Futures
Trading Signals
New Recommendations
Commitment of Traders
Commitment of Traders
Legacy Report
Financial TFF Report
Currency Groupings
Popular Cross Rates
Australian Dollar
British Pound
Canadian Dollar
Euro FX
Japanese Yen
Swiss Franc
US Dollar
Metals Rates
All Forex Markets
Crypto Groupings
Popular Coins
Bitcoin
Bitcoin-Cash
Ethereum
Litecoin
Monero
XRP
Tether
Zcash
Investing
Investing Ideas
Today’s Investing Ideas
Top Performing Stocks
Top Trending Tickers
Barchart Screeners
Insider Trading
Insider Trading Activity
Politician Insider Trading
Today's Picks
Chart of the Day
Top Stock Pick
Futures Trading Guide
My Screeners
Stock Screener
ETF Screener
Funds Screener
Options Screener
Themed Lists
AI Stocks
Battery Stocks
Best Dividend Stocks
Biotechnology Stocks
Cannabis Stocks
Cathie Wood Stocks
Clean Energy Stocks
Crypto Stocks
Cybersecurity Stocks
Data Center Stocks
Dividend Aristocrats
Dividend Kings
EV Stocks
Fintech Stocks
Gold Stocks
Magnificent 7
Nuclear Energy Stocks
Oil Stocks
Power & Infrastructure
Quantum Computing
REIT Stocks
Semiconductor Stocks
Warren Buffett Stocks
World Markets
Technical Ideas
Bearish Moving Averages
Bullish Moving Averages
Candlestick Patterns
eMACD Buy Signals
Hot Penny Stocks
Standout Stocks
Top Stocks Under $10
TTM Squeeze
News
Barchart
Markets Today
Barchart News
Exclusives
Contributors
Chart of the Day
News Feeds
Featured Authors
Andrew Hecht
Austin Schroeder
Darin Newsom
Don Dawson
Elizabeth H. Volk
Gavin McMaster
Jim Van Meerten
Josh Enomoto
Mark Hake
Oleksandr Pylypenko
Rich Asplund
Rick Orford
All Authors
Commodity News
All Commodities
Energy
Grains
Livestock
Metals
Softs
Financial News
All Financials
Crypto
Dividends
ETFs
FX
Interest Rates
Options
Stock Market
Press Releases
All Press Releases
Accesswire
GlobeNewswire
Newsfile
Tools
Member Tools
My Watchlist
My Portfolio
Investor Portfolio
Dashboard
Symbol Notes
Alert Center
Alert Templates
Barchart Screeners
My Charts
Custom Views
Chart Templates
Barchart Chart Templates
Compare Stocks
Daily Prices Download
Historical Data Download
My Custom Reports
Watchlist Emails
Portfolio Emails
Investor Portfolio Emails
Screener Emails
End-of-Day My Charts
End-of-Day Reports
Manage Tools
Organize Watchlists
Organize Portfolios
Organize Investor Portfolios
Organize Screeners
Organize My Charts
My Account
My Profile
Site Preferences
Author Followings
Learn
Barchart Webinars
Upcoming Webinars
Archived Webinars
Popular Webinars
Barchart Live
Market on Close
Market on Close Archive
Resources
Site Education
Site News
Free Newsletters
Membership
Barchart Premier
Barchart Plus
Membership Comparison
Barchart for Excel
Create Free Account
Barchart Resources
Technical Indicators
Barchart Trading Signals
Time & Sales Conditions
Barchart Special Symbols
Barchart Data Fields
Options Education
Options Learning Center
IV and Options Trading
Options Assignment
Time Decay
Long Call Options
Put Options Explained
Selling vs Buying Options
Options Trading Risk
Selecting Option Expiration
How Delta Helps You
Understanding Gamma
Types of Options Trading
IV Rank vs IV Percentile
Strike Price Selection
Site News
B2B SOLUTIONS
About
Market Data
News Feeds & API Services
Data Management
Digital Solutions
OnDemand APIs
Software
Indexes
cmdtyView
Ag Solutions
Contact Barchart
Site Map
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.barchart.com/#smsprivacy:
5,610.86
+89.34
(
+1.62%
)
67.02
+0.47
(
+0.71%
)
22.55
-2.11
(
-8.56%
)
2,992.9
+1.6
(
+0.05%
)
NVDA
121.03
(+4.72%)
TSLA
248.15
(+3.10%)
PLTR
86.64
(+8.82%)
AAPL
212.11
(+1.16%)
META
604.52
(+2.44%)
AMZN
197.36
(+1.79%)
FREE 30-DAY TRIAL
Institution-Grade Tools,
Priced for Individual Investors.
Receive trading alerts directly to your inbox. Try Barchart Plus or Barchart Premier for free today.
READY TO JOIN?
Markets Today
See More
Stocks Recover Some of This Week’s Losses as US Shutdown Seems Averted
Barchart
US stocks rally after their sell-off, but not by enough to keep them from a 4th straight losing week
AP
China orders banks to boost lending, credit card use to get consumers to spend more
AP
Peruvian farmer’s case against German energy giant RWE could reshape global climate accountability
AP
1 Stand-Out Growth Stock to Buy Now for 80% Upside Potential
Barchart
1 Penny Stock to Watch as Tariff Fears Crush the Market
Barchart
PLTR Stock vs. NVDA Stock: Which Is the Best Buy-the-Dip Opportunity Right Now?
Barchart
A Little-Known Gold Miner Just Flashed the Bullish J-Hook Signal
Barchart
Gilead Sciences - Leader in HIV Medicines
Barchart
Jim Cramer Thinks These 2 Stocks Could Soon Rejoin the $1 Trillion Club
Barchart
Major Markets Overview
Full List
false
OHLC Bars
Colored OHLC Bars
HLC Bars
Candlestick Hollow
Candlestick Open-to-Close
Candlestick Close-to-Close
Heikin-Ashi
Line Chart
Area Chart
Renko
Column
Baseline
Line Break
Range
Kagi
Point And Figure
1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
5Y
MAX
Stock Market Leaders
Full List
false
OHLC Bars
Colored OHLC Bars
HLC Bars
Candlestick Hollow
Candlestick Open-to-Close
Candlestick Close-to-Close
Heikin-Ashi
Line Chart
Area Chart
Renko
Column
Baseline
Line Break
Range
Kagi
Point And Figure
1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
5Y
MAX
Most Popular ETF Funds
Full List
false
OHLC Bars
Colored OHLC Bars
HLC Bars
Candlestick Hollow
Candlestick Open-to-Close
Candlestick Close-to-Close
Heikin-Ashi
Line Chart
Area Chart
Renko
Column
Baseline
Line Break
Range
Kagi
Point And Figure
1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
5Y
MAX
Unusual Options Activity
Full List
false
OHLC Bars
Colored OHLC Bars
HLC Bars
Candlestick Hollow
Candlestick Open-to-Close
Candlestick Close-to-Close
Heikin-Ashi
Line Chart
Area Chart
Renko
Column
Baseline
Line Break
Range
Kagi
Point And Figure
1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
5Y
MAX
Stock Index Futures Climb as U.S. Shutdown Risk Eases
Barchart - Fri Mar 14, 4:49AM CDT
March S&P 500 E-Mini futures (ESH25) are up +0.80%, and March Nasdaq 100 E-Mini futures (NQH25) are up +1.01% this morning as optimism over the likely aversion of a U.S. government shutdown boosted sentiment....
PATH
:
10.52
(+5.52%)
META
:
604.09
(+2.37%)
AAPL
:
212.32
(+1.26%)
ULTA
:
350.40
(+11.43%)
AAOI
:
22.73
(+43.23%)
PTON
:
6.76
(+11.37%)
KER.FP
:
220.900
(-11.76%)
ESH25
:
5,615.25
(+1.59%)
RBRK
:
69.34
(+25.43%)
INTC
:
23.96
(+1.10%)
ADBE
:
390.98
(+3.48%)
NQH25
:
19,626.00
(+1.96%)
If the Stock Market Crashes, Buy This Dividend Stock
Barchart - Thu Mar 13, 6:30PM CDT
Brookfield Renewable Partners could provide a safe haven for income investors in 2025.
$NASX
:
17,663.94
(+2.09%)
$SPX
:
5,612.10
(+1.64%)
$DOWI
:
41,330.87
(+1.27%)
BEP
:
23.01
(+0.88%)
Is Amgen Stock a Buy, Sell, or Hold as Weight-Loss Drug Trials Kick Off?
Barchart - Thu Mar 13, 3:42PM CDT
Amgen is hoping to rival Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly in the weight-loss drug market.
NVO
:
76.71
(+1.08%)
LLY
:
812.20
(+1.32%)
AMGN
:
313.70
(+0.34%)
Trump Wants to Build Metal Refining Facilities on Military Bases. This 1 Stock Is Poised to Win Big.
Barchart - Thu Mar 13, 3:19PM CDT
MP Materials is receiving a big boost from a key Trump announcement.
MP
:
25.24
(+3.53%)
Is Kohl’s Stock a Buy, Sell, or Hold After Cutting Its Dividend 75% for 2025?
Barchart - Thu Mar 13, 2:39PM CDT
Following a dismal earnings report and a significant 75% dividend cut, Kohl’s stock is facing uncertainty.
KSS
:
8.04
(-2.07%)
This Analyst Thinks Tesla Stock Can Rally 61% From Here. Should You Load Up on Shares Now?
Barchart - Thu Mar 13, 2:17PM CDT
The analyst from TD Cowen upgraded the shares of the EV maker to a “Buy.”
TSLA
:
246.85
(+2.56%)
Is Silver Ready to Breakout to the Upside?
Barchart - Thu Mar 13, 2:00PM CDT
Silver futures are around the $33.50 per ounce level in mid-March after probing above $35 in October 2024. The trend since 2020 remains higher in March 2025, with significant upside potential.
SIK25
:
34.320
(+0.04%)
Is Intel Stock a Buy, Sell, or Hold After Naming Lip-Bu Tan as New CEO?
Barchart - Thu Mar 13, 1:37PM CDT
Intel names industry veteran Lip-Bu Tan as its new chief executive. 3 analysts weigh in on what it means for INTC.
INTC
:
23.96
(+1.10%)
CDNS
:
247.21
(+2.34%)
2 Stocks to Buy for a Recession That Promise to Keep Your Portfolio Afloat
Barchart - Thu Mar 13, 1:28PM CDT
Investing in recession-resistant stocks such as Walmart and Netflix is a good strategy to keep your portfolio afloat during economic downturns.
NFLX
:
915.50
(+2.85%)
WMT
:
85.08
(+0.69%)
D-Wave Claims It Has Achieved Quantum Supremacy. Should You Buy QBTS Stock Now?
Barchart - Thu Mar 13, 12:53PM CDT
Analysts continue to see further upside in D-Wave stock after the company said it achieved quantum supremacy this week.
QBTS
:
9.75
(+41.10%)
More News
My Watchlist
Keep Track of the Symbols
You Follow With Free Watchlists
Login /Create Free Account
Tweets
@Barchart
Barchart
@Barchart
Manhattan Rent soars to a new all-time high of $4,500/month 🚨
https://t.co/GfbNdkkFqa
Barchart
@Barchart
When the $VIX is high, it's time to ___?
https://t.co/etoUjUabe5
Barchart
@Barchart
Source:
@SubuTrade
H/T:
@dailychartbook
Barchart
@Barchart
Bears have accounted for more than 55% for 3 consecutive weeks.  This has only happened one other time in history.  March 4, 2009 🚨 Probably Fine?
https://t.co/G35vVdrnPE
Barchart
@Barchart
Tesla Insider Trading Alert 🚨

James Murdoch, Board Member and Elon Musk confidant, just sold $13 million worth of $TSLA shares this week
https://t.co/72f42ETAnF
https://t.co/DMVFLOXBD5
Barchart
@Barchart
Source: Wall Street Journal
Barchart
@Barchart
S&P 500 has now lost $5.3 Trillion during its 3-week correction 🚨
https://t.co/RmXmaX7TZO
Barchart
@Barchart
BREAKING 🚨: Orange Juice

OJ has now plummeted more than 50% over the last 3 months 🍊 Bottomless Mimosas are now back, congrats everyone 🥳🫂
https://t.co/puy7POfhGa
https://t.co/yYJFVHC4yO
Barchart
@Barchart
Only one-third of S&P 500 stocks are now trading above their 200 Day Moving Average 🚨 It was more than 60% less than 1 month ago 👀
https://t.co/SMdSeMi52y
Barchart
@Barchart
JUST IN 🚨: Gold jumps to a new all-time high of 3,000
https://t.co/6IdHrwNoXR
https://t.co/9rpWUppNXr
S&P Sectors Market Map
Information Technology
+2.28%
Energy
+2.15%
Financials
+1.90%
Industrials
+1.66%
Consumer Discretionary
+1.61%
Real Estate
+1.28%
Communication Services
+1.25%
Utilities
+1.24%
Materials
+1.18%
Health Care
+0.55%
Consumer Staples
unch
See More
Top 100 Stocks
(Sorted by Daily Weighted Alpha)
Wtd Alpha
52W %Chg
GRRR
+474.83
+341.43%
Gorilla Technology Group Inc
VNET
+428.21
+492.49%
Vnet Group Inc
WGS
+340.20
+789.56%
Genedx Holdings Corp
PSIX
+340.14
+1,321.23%
Power Solutns Itl Cmn
ETON
+319.53
+238.55%
Eton Pharmaceutcials Inc
See More
Chart of the Day
Gilead Sciences Inc (GILD)
Summary Gilead Sciences (GILD) shows strong technical buy signals, with a 19.60% gain since Trend Seeker's buy signal on 1/27 and a 50.31% gain in the last year. The company offers a diverse portfolio of medicines for HIV, COVID-19, liver diseases, oncology, and more, with significant collaborations enhancing its pipeline....
Read More
Fri Mar 14, 7:00AM CDT
Get
Chart of the Day
delivered to your inbox for FREE:
Sign Me Up!
Major Market Indices
Symbol
Last
%Chg
$SPX
5,608.12
+1.57%
S&P 500 Index
$NASX
17,645.01
+1.98%
Nasdaq Composite
$DOWI
41,340.10
+1.29%
Dow Jones Industrials Average
$ONE
2,721.23
+1.52%
S&P 100 Index
See More
Log In
Sign Up
HOME
Stocks
Market Pulse
Stock Market Overview
Market Momentum
Market Performance
Top 100 Stocks
Today's Price Surprises
New Highs & Lows
Economic Overview
Earnings Within 7 Days
Earnings & Dividends
Stock Screener
Barchart Trade Picks
Today's Top Stock Pick
All Top Stock Picks
Performance Leaders
Percent Change
Price Change
Range Change
Gap Up & Gap Down
Five Day Gainers
Before & After Markets
Pre-Market Trading
Post-Market Trading
Most Active
Volume Leaders
Price Volume Leaders
Volume Advances
Trading Liquidity
Indices
Market Indices
S&P Indices
S&P Sectors
Dow Jones Indices
Nasdaq Indices
Russell Indices
Volatility Indices
Commodities Indices
US Sectors Indices
World Indices
Trading Signals
New Recommendations
Top Stocks to Own
Top Signal Strength
Top Signal Direction
Stock Signal Upgrades
Sectors
Stock Market Sectors
Major Markets Heat Map
Industry Rankings
Industry Heat Map
Industry Performance
Stocks by Grouping
Options
Market Pulse
Options Market Overview
Unusual Options Activity
Options Flow
Upcoming Earnings
Volatility
IV Rank and IV Percentile
Implied vs Realized Vol
Highest Implied Volatility
%Change in Volatility
Volume & Open Interest
Most Active Options
Unusual Options Volume
Options Volume Leaders
Highest Open Positions
Change in Open Interest
%Change in Open Interest
Data & Tools
Options Time & Sales
Options Price History
Options Calculator
Options Learning Center
Option Screeners
Options Screener
Long Call Screener
Long Put Screener
Income Strategies
Covered Call
Naked Put
Vertical Spreads
Bull Call Spread
Bear Call Spread
Bear Put Spread
Bull Put Spread
Protection Strategies
Married Put
Protective Collar
Straddle and Strangle
Long Straddle
Short Straddle
Long Strangle
Short Strangle
Horizontal Strategies
Long Call Calendar
Long Put Calendar
Long Call Diagonal
Short Call Diagonal
Long Put Diagonal
Short Put Diagonal
Butterfly Strategies
Long Call Butterfly
Short Call Butterfly
Long Put Butterfly
Short Put Butterfly
Long Iron Butterfly
Short Iron Butterfly
Condor Strategies
Long Call Condor
Short Call Condor
Long Put Condor
Short Put Condor
Long Iron Condor
Short Iron Condor
ETFs
Market Pulse
ETF Market Overview
Popular ETFs
ETF Finder
Top 100 ETFs
Today's Price Surprises
New Highs & Lows
Top Dividend ETFs
ETF Screener
Performance Leaders
Percent Change
Price Change
Range Change
Gap Up & Gap Down
Five Day Gainers
Before & After Markets
Pre-Market Trading
Post-Market Trading
Most Active
Volume Leaders
Price Volume Leaders
Volume Advances
Trading Signals
New Recommendations
Top ETFs to Own
Top Signal Strength
Top Signal Direction
ETFs Signal Upgrades
Mutual Funds
Today's Price Surprises
New  Highs & Lows
Performance
Price Change
Funds Screener
Futures
Market Pulse
Futures Market Overview
Long Term Trends
Today's Price Surprises
Highs & Lows
Futures Market Map
Performance Leaders
Most Active Futures
Prices by Exchange
Commodity Groupings
Commodities Prices
Currencies
Energies
Financials
Grains
Indices
Livestock
Metals
Softs
Mini & Micro Futures
Futures Trading Guide
Trading Guide
Historical Performance
Commitment of Traders
Commitment of Traders
Legacy Report
Disaggregated Report
Financial TFF Report
Resources
Contract Specifications
Futures Expirations
First Notice Dates
Options Expirations
Economic Calendar
Cash Markets
Cash Markets Overview
Corn Indexes
Soybean Indexes
European Futures
Euro Futures Overview
Long Term Trends
Today's Price Surprises
Highs & Lows
Futures Market Map
Performance Leaders
Most Active Futures
European Groupings
Commodities Prices
Energies
Financials
Grains
Indices
Metals
Softs
Power Futures
Carbon Futures
European Trading Guide
European Trading Guide
Historical Performance
Currencies
Forex Market Pulse
Forex Market Overview
Long Term Trends
Today's Price Surprises
Highs & Lows
Forex Market Map
Performance Leaders
Currency Converter
Crypto Market Pulse
Crypto Market Overview
Market Capitalizations
Bitcoin Futures
Trading Signals
New Recommendations
Commitment of Traders
Commitment of Traders
Legacy Report
Financial TFF Report
Currency Groupings
Popular Cross Rates
Australian Dollar
British Pound
Canadian Dollar
Euro FX
Japanese Yen
Swiss Franc
US Dollar
Metals Rates
All Forex Markets
Crypto Groupings
Popular Coins
Bitcoin
Bitcoin-Cash
Ethereum
Litecoin
Monero
XRP
Tether
Zcash
Investing
Investing Ideas
Today’s Investing Ideas
Top Performing Stocks
Top Trending Tickers
Barchart Screeners
Insider Trading
Insider Trading Activity
Politician Insider Trading
Today's Picks
Chart of the Day
Top Stock Pick
Futures Trading Guide
My Screeners
Stock Screener
ETF Screener
Funds Screener
Options Screener
Themed Lists
AI Stocks
Battery Stocks
Best Dividend Stocks
Biotechnology Stocks
Cannabis Stocks
Cathie Wood Stocks
Clean Energy Stocks
Crypto Stocks
Cybersecurity Stocks
Data Center Stocks
Dividend Aristocrats
Dividend Kings
EV Stocks
Fintech Stocks
Gold Stocks
Magnificent 7
Nuclear Energy Stocks
Oil Stocks
Power & Infrastructure
Quantum Computing
REIT Stocks
Semiconductor Stocks
Warren Buffett Stocks
World Markets
Technical Ideas
Bearish Moving Averages
Bullish Moving Averages
Candlestick Patterns
eMACD Buy Signals
Hot Penny Stocks
Standout Stocks
Top Stocks Under $10
TTM Squeeze
News
Barchart
Markets Today
Barchart News
Exclusives
Contributors
Chart of the Day
News Feeds
Featured Authors
Andrew Hecht
Austin Schroeder
Darin Newsom
Don Dawson
Elizabeth H. Volk
Gavin McMaster
Jim Van Meerten
Josh Enomoto
Mark Hake
Oleksandr Pylypenko
Rich Asplund
Rick Orford
All Authors
Commodity News
All Commodities
Energy
Grains
Livestock
Metals
Softs
Financial News
All Financials
Crypto
Dividends
ETFs
FX
Interest Rates
Options
Stock Market
Press Releases
All Press Releases
Accesswire
GlobeNewswire
Newsfile
Tools
Member Tools
My Watchlist
My Portfolio
Investor Portfolio
Dashboard
Symbol Notes
Alert Center
Alert Templates
Barchart Screeners
My Charts
Custom Views
Chart Templates
Barchart Chart Templates
Compare Stocks
Daily Prices Download
Historical Data Download
My Custom Reports
Watchlist Emails
Portfolio Emails
Investor Portfolio Emails
Screener Emails
End-of-Day My Charts
End-of-Day Reports
Manage Tools
Organize Watchlists
Organize Portfolios
Organize Investor Portfolios
Organize Screeners
Organize My Charts
My Account
My Profile
Site Preferences
Author Followings
Learn
Barchart Webinars
Upcoming Webinars
Archived Webinars
Popular Webinars
Barchart Live
Market on Close
Market on Close Archive
Resources
Site Education
Site News
Free Newsletters
Membership
Barchart Premier
Barchart Plus
Membership Comparison
Barchart for Excel
Create Free Account
Barchart Resources
Technical Indicators
Barchart Trading Signals
Time & Sales Conditions
Barchart Special Symbols
Barchart Data Fields
Options Education
Options Learning Center
IV and Options Trading
Options Assignment
Time Decay
Long Call Options
Put Options Explained
Selling vs Buying Options
Options Trading Risk
Selecting Option Expiration
How Delta Helps You
Understanding Gamma
Types of Options Trading
IV Rank vs IV Percentile
Strike Price Selection
Site News
B2B SOLUTIONS
About
Market Data
News Feeds & API Services
Data Management
Digital Solutions
OnDemand APIs
Software
Indexes
cmdtyView
Ag Solutions
Contact Barchart
Site Map
Want to use this as
your default charts setting?
Save this setup as a Chart Templates
Switch the Market flag
for targeted data from your country of choice.
Open the menu and switch the
Market flag for targeted data from your country of choice.
Want Streaming Chart Updates?
Switch your Site Preferences
to use Interactive Charts
Need More Chart Options?
Right-click on the chart to open the Interactive Chart menu.
Use your up/down arrows to move through the symbols.
Free Barchart Webinar
Precision Trading with Bollinger Bands: Identifying Breakouts & Reversals
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our
878
partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting I Accept enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject All or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Preferences link on the bottom of the webpage  .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.
For more information see our Cookie Policy.
View our Terms and Privacy Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:
Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)
I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Store and/or access information on a device
708 partners can use this purpose
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
843 partners can use this purpose
Use precise geolocation data
268 partners can use this special feature
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
140 partners can use this special feature
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
543 partners can use this special purpose
Deliver and present advertising and content
546 partners can use this special purpose
Match and combine data from other data sources
387 partners can use this feature
Link different devices
344 partners can use this feature
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
515 partners can use this feature
Save and communicate privacy choices
365 partners can use this special purpose
Your Privacy
We process your data to deliver content or advertisements and measure the delivery of such content or advertisements to extract insights about our website. We share this information with our partners on the basis of consent and legitimate interest. You may exercise your right to consent or object to a legitimate interest, based on a specific purpose below or at a partner level in the link under each purpose. These choices will be signaled to our vendors participating in the Transparency and Consent Framework.
More information
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Use limited data to select advertising
655 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Create profiles for personalised advertising
528 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
523 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
View Illustrations
Create profiles to personalise content
233 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised content
206 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
View Illustrations
Measure advertising performance
763 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Measure content performance
380 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
483 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Develop and improve services
571 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Use limited data to select content
145 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
List of IAB Vendors‎
Use precise geolocation data
With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
With your acceptance, certain characteristics specific to your device might be requested and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen) in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
The choices you make regarding the purposes and entities listed in this notice are saved and made available to those entities in the form of digital signals (such as a string of characters). This is necessary in order to enable both this service and those entities to respect such choices.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 1
https://liveramp.com/privacy/:
Data is a powerful tool. At LiveRamp, we believe a culture of accountability is essential to success in a data-driven world.
Read our Privacy Notices
Where required, we maintain privacy notices for various business purposes and multiple regions or regulatory jurisdictions of the world. The choices available to an individual may vary within these areas based on local laws and customs. Our full list of privacy notices is available on this page. Please select a privacy notice below to
understand what information we collect, how the information is used and what choices you have to protect your information.
General Privacy Notices
Product and Service Privacy Notice
(How we handle data within our databases when we are the business or controller.)
Web and Business Representative Privacy Notice
(How we handle data on this website and collected from corporate activities and events.)
Specific Country or U.S. State Privacy Notices
North America
California Privacy Notice
(How we handle personal data for California residents.)
Mexico Privacy Notice
(How we handle personal data for Mexico residents.)
Asia-Pacific
Australia Privacy Policies
Japan
European Union and United Kingdom
UK
France
Germany
Italy
Netherlands
Spain
Security
In addition to our privacy notices, we maintain strict security policies and procedures. See our
Data Security Knowledge Base page
for details.
Your Privacy Choices
You may have certain legal rights with respect to data. These rights may include the right of access, deletion, limiting the use of or correction of personal data. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, if they would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interests in keeping. We will inform you of any relevant exemptions we rely upon when responding to any request you make.
Select the appropriate link below to exercise your rights:
Universal LiveRamp Opt Out Tools
United States Your Privacy Choices portal
Asia Pacific Countries (except Australia), email
apaclegal@liveramp.com
Australia Your Rights portal
Canada Your Rights portal
EEA Countries
The UK Your Rights Portal
France
residents, email dpo.de@liveramp.com
Germany residents
,
email privacy.de@liveramp.com
Spain
residents, email privacy.es@liveramp.com
Italy
residents, email privacy.it@liveramp.com
Belgium residents, email privacy.be@liveramp.com
The Netherlands residents, email privacy.nl@liveramp.com
Mexico Your Rights portal
Sub-policy 2
https://www.barchart.com/privacy-tool:
To Opt-out of Data Related Sales Please turn off your ad blocker.
Log In
Sign Up
HOME
Stocks
Market Pulse
Stock Market Overview
Market Momentum
Market Performance
Top 100 Stocks
Today's Price Surprises
New Highs & Lows
Economic Overview
Earnings Within 7 Days
Earnings & Dividends
Stock Screener
Barchart Trade Picks
Today's Top Stock Pick
All Top Stock Picks
Performance Leaders
Percent Change
Price Change
Range Change
Gap Up & Gap Down
Five Day Gainers
Before & After Markets
Pre-Market Trading
Post-Market Trading
Most Active
Volume Leaders
Price Volume Leaders
Volume Advances
Trading Liquidity
Indices
Market Indices
S&P Indices
S&P Sectors
Dow Jones Indices
Nasdaq Indices
Russell Indices
Volatility Indices
Commodities Indices
US Sectors Indices
World Indices
Trading Signals
New Recommendations
Top Stocks to Own
Top Signal Strength
Top Signal Direction
Stock Signal Upgrades
Sectors
Stock Market Sectors
Major Markets Heat Map
Industry Rankings
Industry Heat Map
Industry Performance
Stocks by Grouping
Options
Market Pulse
Options Market Overview
Unusual Options Activity
Options Flow
Upcoming Earnings
Volatility
IV Rank and IV Percentile
Implied vs Realized Vol
Highest Implied Volatility
%Change in Volatility
Volume & Open Interest
Most Active Options
Unusual Options Volume
Options Volume Leaders
Highest Open Positions
Change in Open Interest
%Change in Open Interest
Data & Tools
Options Time & Sales
Options Price History
Options Calculator
Options Learning Center
Option Screeners
Options Screener
Long Call Screener
Long Put Screener
Income Strategies
Covered Call
Naked Put
Vertical Spreads
Bull Call Spread
Bear Call Spread
Bear Put Spread
Bull Put Spread
Protection Strategies
Married Put
Protective Collar
Straddle and Strangle
Long Straddle
Short Straddle
Long Strangle
Short Strangle
Horizontal Strategies
Long Call Calendar
Long Put Calendar
Long Call Diagonal
Short Call Diagonal
Long Put Diagonal
Short Put Diagonal
Butterfly Strategies
Long Call Butterfly
Short Call Butterfly
Long Put Butterfly
Short Put Butterfly
Long Iron Butterfly
Short Iron Butterfly
Condor Strategies
Long Call Condor
Short Call Condor
Long Put Condor
Short Put Condor
Long Iron Condor
Short Iron Condor
ETFs
Market Pulse
ETF Market Overview
Popular ETFs
ETF Finder
Top 100 ETFs
Today's Price Surprises
New Highs & Lows
Top Dividend ETFs
ETF Screener
Performance Leaders
Percent Change
Price Change
Range Change
Gap Up & Gap Down
Five Day Gainers
Before & After Markets
Pre-Market Trading
Post-Market Trading
Most Active
Volume Leaders
Price Volume Leaders
Volume Advances
Trading Signals
New Recommendations
Top ETFs to Own
Top Signal Strength
Top Signal Direction
ETFs Signal Upgrades
Mutual Funds
Today's Price Surprises
New  Highs & Lows
Performance
Price Change
Funds Screener
Futures
Market Pulse
Futures Market Overview
Long Term Trends
Today's Price Surprises
Highs & Lows
Futures Market Map
Performance Leaders
Most Active Futures
Prices by Exchange
Commodity Groupings
Commodities Prices
Currencies
Energies
Financials
Grains
Indices
Livestock
Metals
Softs
Mini & Micro Futures
Futures Trading Guide
Trading Guide
Historical Performance
Commitment of Traders
Commitment of Traders
Legacy Report
Disaggregated Report
Financial TFF Report
Resources
Contract Specifications
Futures Expirations
First Notice Dates
Options Expirations
Economic Calendar
Cash Markets
Cash Markets Overview
Corn Indexes
Soybean Indexes
European Futures
Euro Futures Overview
Long Term Trends
Today's Price Surprises
Highs & Lows
Futures Market Map
Performance Leaders
Most Active Futures
European Groupings
Commodities Prices
Energies
Financials
Grains
Indices
Metals
Softs
Power Futures
Carbon Futures
European Trading Guide
European Trading Guide
Historical Performance
Currencies
Forex Market Pulse
Forex Market Overview
Long Term Trends
Today's Price Surprises
Highs & Lows
Forex Market Map
Performance Leaders
Currency Converter
Crypto Market Pulse
Crypto Market Overview
Market Capitalizations
Bitcoin Futures
Trading Signals
New Recommendations
Commitment of Traders
Commitment of Traders
Legacy Report
Financial TFF Report
Currency Groupings
Popular Cross Rates
Australian Dollar
British Pound
Canadian Dollar
Euro FX
Japanese Yen
Swiss Franc
US Dollar
Metals Rates
All Forex Markets
Crypto Groupings
Popular Coins
Bitcoin
Bitcoin-Cash
Ethereum
Litecoin
Monero
XRP
Tether
Zcash
Investing
Investing Ideas
Today’s Investing Ideas
Top Performing Stocks
Top Trending Tickers
Barchart Screeners
Insider Trading
Insider Trading Activity
Politician Insider Trading
Today's Picks
Chart of the Day
Top Stock Pick
Futures Trading Guide
My Screeners
Stock Screener
ETF Screener
Funds Screener
Options Screener
Themed Lists
AI Stocks
Battery Stocks
Best Dividend Stocks
Biotechnology Stocks
Cannabis Stocks
Cathie Wood Stocks
Clean Energy Stocks
Crypto Stocks
Cybersecurity Stocks
Data Center Stocks
Dividend Aristocrats
Dividend Kings
EV Stocks
Fintech Stocks
Gold Stocks
Magnificent 7
Nuclear Energy Stocks
Oil Stocks
Power & Infrastructure
Quantum Computing
REIT Stocks
Semiconductor Stocks
Warren Buffett Stocks
World Markets
Technical Ideas
Bearish Moving Averages
Bullish Moving Averages
Candlestick Patterns
eMACD Buy Signals
Hot Penny Stocks
Standout Stocks
Top Stocks Under $10
TTM Squeeze
News
Barchart
Markets Today
Barchart News
Exclusives
Contributors
Chart of the Day
News Feeds
Featured Authors
Andrew Hecht
Austin Schroeder
Darin Newsom
Don Dawson
Elizabeth H. Volk
Gavin McMaster
Jim Van Meerten
Josh Enomoto
Mark Hake
Oleksandr Pylypenko
Rich Asplund
Rick Orford
All Authors
Commodity News
All Commodities
Energy
Grains
Livestock
Metals
Softs
Financial News
All Financials
Crypto
Dividends
ETFs
FX
Interest Rates
Options
Stock Market
Press Releases
All Press Releases
Accesswire
GlobeNewswire
Newsfile
Tools
Member Tools
My Watchlist
My Portfolio
Investor Portfolio
Dashboard
Symbol Notes
Alert Center
Alert Templates
Barchart Screeners
My Charts
Custom Views
Chart Templates
Barchart Chart Templates
Compare Stocks
Daily Prices Download
Historical Data Download
My Custom Reports
Watchlist Emails
Portfolio Emails
Investor Portfolio Emails
Screener Emails
End-of-Day My Charts
End-of-Day Reports
Manage Tools
Organize Watchlists
Organize Portfolios
Organize Investor Portfolios
Organize Screeners
Organize My Charts
My Account
My Profile
Site Preferences
Author Followings
Learn
Barchart Webinars
Upcoming Webinars
Archived Webinars
Popular Webinars
Barchart Live
Market on Close
Market on Close Archive
Resources
Site Education
Site News
Free Newsletters
Membership
Barchart Premier
Barchart Plus
Membership Comparison
Barchart for Excel
Create Free Account
Barchart Resources
Technical Indicators
Barchart Trading Signals
Time & Sales Conditions
Barchart Special Symbols
Barchart Data Fields
Options Education
Options Learning Center
IV and Options Trading
Options Assignment
Time Decay
Long Call Options
Put Options Explained
Selling vs Buying Options
Options Trading Risk
Selecting Option Expiration
How Delta Helps You
Understanding Gamma
Types of Options Trading
IV Rank vs IV Percentile
Strike Price Selection
Site News
B2B SOLUTIONS
About
Market Data
News Feeds & API Services
Data Management
Digital Solutions
OnDemand APIs
Software
Indexes
cmdtyView
Ag Solutions
Contact Barchart
Site Map
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our
878
partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting I Accept enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject All or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Preferences link on the bottom of the webpage  .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.
For more information see our Cookie Policy.
View our Terms and Privacy Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:
Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)
I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Store and/or access information on a device
708 partners can use this purpose
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
843 partners can use this purpose
Use precise geolocation data
268 partners can use this special feature
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
140 partners can use this special feature
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
543 partners can use this special purpose
Deliver and present advertising and content
546 partners can use this special purpose
Match and combine data from other data sources
387 partners can use this feature
Link different devices
344 partners can use this feature
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
515 partners can use this feature
Save and communicate privacy choices
365 partners can use this special purpose
Your Privacy
We process your data to deliver content or advertisements and measure the delivery of such content or advertisements to extract insights about our website. We share this information with our partners on the basis of consent and legitimate interest. You may exercise your right to consent or object to a legitimate interest, based on a specific purpose below or at a partner level in the link under each purpose. These choices will be signaled to our vendors participating in the Transparency and Consent Framework.
More information
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Use limited data to select advertising
655 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Create profiles for personalised advertising
528 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
523 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
View Illustrations
Create profiles to personalise content
233 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised content
206 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
View Illustrations
Measure advertising performance
763 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Measure content performance
380 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
483 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Develop and improve services
571 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Use limited data to select content
145 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
List of IAB Vendors‎
Use precise geolocation data
With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
With your acceptance, certain characteristics specific to your device might be requested and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen) in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
The choices you make regarding the purposes and entities listed in this notice are saved and made available to those entities in the form of digital signals (such as a string of characters). This is necessary in order to enable both this service and those entities to respect such choices.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 3
https://www.cboe.com/legal/privacy:
Search cboe.com
Search
×
Cboe - Privacy Notice and Policy
Last Updated: September 18, 2024
Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, controlled companies, and
            affiliates, (collectively, "Cboe", “we”, “us”, or “our”) have created this Privacy
            Notice and Policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of a) users
            of a Cboe Website ("users"); b) Cboe customers and prospective customers;
            c) Cboe participants, members, users and such persons’ associated persons and
            representatives; and d) any other individuals from whom Cboe collects personal data
            during the course of its business activities. This Privacy Notice and Policy describes
            the personal data we collect, how Cboe uses your personal data, with whom we may share
            such data and how you can contact Cboe, access your personal data and exercise
            your rights regarding Cboe’s use of your personal data. Your personal data is collected
            for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner
            that is incompatible with those purposes, in accordance with this Privacy Notice and
            Policy and applicable data protection laws to which Cboe is subject. By using or
            accessing a Cboe Website, registering with Cboe, and to the extent required or permitted
            by applicable law, you signify your acknowledgment and assent to Cboe collecting and
            processing information about you in accordance with this Privacy Notice and Policy.
1
Data Collection
When We Collect Data
We may obtain personal data from you when you use or access a Cboe website, attend
            Cboe-sponsored events, subscribe to Cboe communications or educational opportunities,
            access Cboe facilities, apply for employment with Cboe, or apply for membership at a
            Cboe trading facility. We may also obtain your personal data from third parties, including
            third-party partners, applications, advertising networks, government agencies, regulatory
            bodies, and other market research data companies and organizations. Your personal data may
            also be obtained for authentication and security purposes in accordance with applicable law.
What Personal Data We Collect
Based on the specific products, services, business relationship, or websites involved
            (as well as requirements under applicable law), Cboe may collect the following
            categories of personal data on our own or from third parties about you in accordance
            with applicable law.
Identity Data:
includes first name, last name, username, social media username,
            photograph, employment, career or professional history, education background, passport
            or government-issued identification information, or similar identifiers.
Contact Data:
includes address, e-mail address, mailing address, business contact
            information, and telephone number.
Transaction Data:
includes bank account, credit card number, financial holdings
            information, and details about trades, positions, and other details of services that
            Cboe provides to you, as a customer.
Technical Data:
includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser
            type and version, cookies, log files, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in
            types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices
            you use to access Cboe websites and online services.
Profile Data:
includes your username, password, preferences, or feedback
            responses.
Usage Data:
includes statistical data, analytics, trends, and usage information
            about how you use our systems, products, and services, such as activity logs and other
            aggregated quantitative data.
Marketing and Communications Data:
includes your preferences in receiving
            marketing from Cboe and your communications preferences.
Cboe may also collect, use, and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic
            data, which may be used and processed after you cease your relationship with us.
            Aggregated Data derived from your personal data is not considered personal data as this
            data is anonymized and does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.
What Sensitive Personal Data We Collect
At times, Cboe may collect and handle sensitive personal data. Cboe will only collect
            sensitive personal data as permitted by applicable law including, where necessary,
            with an individual’s consent.
Identifiable Data:
includes criminal history for the purpose of evaluating
            individuals who can access Cboe facilities/systems and race/racial origin for the
            purposes of facilitating these background checks.
Biometric Data:
includes fingerprint data and facial scans to facilitate
            background checks and identify individuals who have been granted access to Cboe
            facilities and systems. Processing of biometric data is further described in Cboe’s
Biometric Information Privacy Policy
.
Health Data:
includes health information such as COVID-19 vaccination data
            and COVID-19 test results processed to determine whether individuals should be
            granted access to Cboe facilities.
Data Processing and Dissemination
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Notice and Policy, the following discloses
            our data processing and dissemination practices.
Cboe values your privacy and processes your personal data, as a data controller, in
            accordance with applicable data protection laws, including the EU General Data
            Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). Processing means any operation or set of operations
            which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by
            automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage,
            adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission,
            dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction,
            erasure, or destruction.
Cboe will only collect and process personal data about you where there is a lawful
            basis to do so.  Lawful bases may include:
Consent:
Cboe will use or process personal data where the data subject has
            given consent to the processing of their own personal data for one or more specific
            purposes. Cboe may use or process your personal data for direct marketing when you
            expressly consent to receive direct marketing communications via e-mail. You have the
            option to withdraw your consent at any time. If you no longer wish to receive marketing
            communications and to withdraw your consent, please see the Choice/Opt-Out section below.
Contractual Obligation:
Cboe may use or process personal data where processing
            is necessary for the performance of a contract.
Regulatory Obligation:
We will use or process personal data as necessary for
            compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject. This includes using or
            processing personal data for defense of claims and satisfying any government reporting
            obligations and requests, as well as to identify, investigate, and prevent fraud and
            other criminal threats or activities. We may also disclose personal data without notice
            to you in response to a subpoena, or when requested from a governmental, regulatory body
            or law enforcement agency or any other forum of competent jurisdiction when we believe
            in good faith that such disclosure is required, or to respond to any emergency situation.
Legitimate Interests:
We will process your personal data for any of our other
            legitimate interests not described above. These include analyzing use of our website
            or services, tailoring website and news content, setting preferences in our website
            or electronic mailings, improving our websites, offering and managing programs and
            events, assessing what products and services may be of interest to individuals,
            fulfilling our obligations to our clients and others, and managing our client and
            vendor relationships.
We use your personal data only for the purposes explicitly stated in this Privacy
            Notice and Policy. Should we use or disclose your personal data for any purpose
            that is additional to or different from the originally specified purpose at the
            time of collection, the new use is fair, lawful, and transparent and fulfills
            lawful basis and notice requirements dictated by applicable law and as noted above.
Use of Personal Data
To the extent required by applicable law, each purpose for the processing of personal
            data is substantiated by one or more lawful bases for processing. Cboe processes your
            personal data for certain purposes which may include some or all of the following:
To administer and manage our relationship with you
To register you as a new customer or member and establish an account for you
To register you to receive services or information through one or more of our
                websites or online services
To administer and protect our business and systems (such as through troubleshooting,
                data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
To evaluate, review, approve, or enter into potential contractual arrangements
To enable us to administer, support, enhance, modify, personalize or otherwise
                improve our products/ services/ communications/ marketing opportunities for the
                benefit of users
To enhance the security of our network and information systems, as well as monitor
                for security threats, breaches, spam, and fraud involving the use of Cboe products,
                services, systems, websites, online services, or facilities
To protect Cboe systems and employees from spam, phishing, malware, ransomware,
                and other security risks that may be present in digital communications from you
                or in your interactions with Cboe Websites and online services
To better understand how people interact with Cboe Websites
To comply with certain obligations under applicable law, industry guidelines and
                internal policies as a Self-Regulatory organization, trading venue, central
                counterparty, and/or market operator
To comply with certain obligations under applicable law, industry guidelines and
                internal policies as an exchange, central counterparty, broker-dealer, central
                shares depository, pension system administrator and/or other regulated/licensed
                business including, but not limited to regulations applicable to our EEA Regulated
                Entities
To perform transaction and regulatory reporting requirements under applicable law
To manage, administer, and assign transactions that are effected on Cboe facilities
To process transactions through one or more of our services including, but not
                limited to, processing financial transactions initiated by you or your
                representative
To keep you informed about our activities, products, and services that we think may
                be of interest to you, as permitted by applicable law
To determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns and advertising
Use of a Cboe Website may involve the collection of personal data by Cboe. There are
            also cases where users may be asked for personal data on a Cboe Website. For example,
            online surveys are occasionally conducted to better understand the needs and profiles of
            Cboe Website users. Our online surveys typically ask users for demographic and profile
            data such as zip code, age, and income level. In addition, personal data is requested if
            you voluntarily register to receive additional information about Cboe, sign up for Cboe
            products and services, or if you want to purchase a product directly from a Cboe
            Website. Voluntary Cboe Website registration forms may request user personal data such
            as name, mailing address, and/or e-mail address. Registered users of Cboe Websites may
            have certain "opt-out" choices which are described in the choice/opt-out section below.
What Data We Share
Cboe will only grant access to personal data on a need-to-know basis, and such access
            will be limited to the personal data that is necessary to perform the business function
            for which such access is granted. No authorization will be extended to access personal
            data on a personal basis.
Your personal data may be processed by Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and its wholly-owned
            subsidiaries, controlled companies, and affiliates. A list of relevant Cboe subsidiaries
            can be found
here
.
Cboe does not sell, rent, release, disclose, disseminate, make available, transfer, or
            otherwise communicate orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, personal data
            to third-parties for monetary or other valuable consideration. From time to time, your
            personal data may be processed on our behalf by, or shared with, Cboe affiliates and
            other unaffiliated parties. (collectively “third parties”). Third parties who process
            your data may include lawyers, auditors, agents, suppliers, vendors, service providers,
            contractors who provide any services to Cboe, business partners, governmental and
            judicial bodies and regulatory agencies as well as any other persons and corporate
            entities to whom Cboe is obliged to disclose such information under applicable law
            that are located in the United States and in other countries inside and outside the
            European Economic Area (“EEA”) for the purposes outlined above.  For data transfers
            from the EEA to third parties outside of the EEA, Cboe relies on appropriate safeguards,
            as defined in GDPR and as approved by the European Commission, to provide an adequate
            level of protection.
Select third-party providers which may process your personal data may be found in the
            "Service Providers" section below.
Business Transfers
Cboe may transfer your information to a third-party in the event of any reorganization, merger,
            sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business,
            brands, affiliates, subsidiaries, or other assets. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may
            share information with a prospective buyer or transferee of the business as part of the diligence process.
            We require any such third-party to maintain the confidentiality of your information and protect it with
            appropriate technical and organizational security measures.
International Transfers
Where required, Cboe has implemented appropriate cross-border transfer mechanisms
            to provide adequate protection for transfers of certain personal data, including,
            but not limited to, the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses
            (available
here
).
            To the extent permitted by applicable law, by using our Sites,
            and providing us information about you, you consent to the international transfer
            of information about you to our subsidiaries, controlled companies, affiliates,
            vendors, business partners, and select service providers. Cboe may also disclose
            your information to international regulatory and government authorities as required
            by applicable law.
Participation with the EU-U.S., Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks
Cboe and its wholly-owned subsidiaries participate and comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
            (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-US. Data Privacy Framework
            (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) (collectively, “DPF Principles”). Cboe has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce
            that it adheres to the DPF Principles regarding the processing of personal data from the European Union,
            the United Kingdom, and Switzerland respectively. If there is any conflict between the terms in this
            Privacy Notice and Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. For information
            about the DPF Principles and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
            A list of Cboe U.S.-based subsidiaries also adhering to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, including as
            applicable under the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles can be found
here
.
Disclosure and Onward Transfers
Cboe is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives under the EU-U.S. DPF, and
            subsequently may transfer it to third parties acting as agents on our behalf. Cboe complies with
            the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, EEA (and Gibraltar),
            and Switzerland. Cboe maintains contracts with these third parties that restrict their access, use,
            and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our DPF obligations. DPF Principles, contractual
            arrangements, or other applicable law govern liability for Cboe and third-party engagements.
In certain situations, Cboe may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities,
            such as to meet national security requirements, in response to a subpoena, when requested from a governmental, regulatory
            body or law enforcement agency or any other forum of competent jurisdiction, or to respond to any emergency situation.
Cboe is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
Complaint Resolution
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF,
            Cboe has committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to a U.S.-based
            independent third-party dispute resolution mechanism, JAMS. If you do not receive a timely or satisfactory
            response to a question or complaint from Cboe, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
            for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge.
Cboe also commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data
            protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal
            Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our
            handling of human resources data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the
            EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in the context of the employment relationship.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions,
            you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms.
            See
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/G-Arbitration-Procedures-dpf?tabset-35584=2.
Security
Cboe shall exercise reasonable precautions to safeguard and secure personal data retained
            at Cboe. We hold all information securely, at a secure location on our computer systems
            and databases (which may be hosted by a third-party on our behalf).  Cboe
            has security protections in place that help to protect against the loss, misuse, and
            alteration of the data under our control. Security protections use technology consistent
            with current industry standards. Cboe periodically tests the security protections of its
            information systems and monitors the effectiveness of its information security controls,
            systems, and procedures. Cboe takes reasonable steps to review third-party processors of
            personal data to ensure those third-party processors exercise effective data security
            protections, in accordance with relevant laws.
Although we take proper measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of data,
            no assurances can be provided that personal data that we collect will never be disclosed
            in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice and Policy.
Data Retention
Cboe will retain your personal data for as long as your account, membership, customer
            relationship, or any other business relationship with Cboe, as applicable, is active,
            or for a reasonable period needed to provide you with products or services. Cboe may
            retain your data after you cease your relationship with us. To the extent your personal
            data is retained after a reasonable period has passed, your personal data is aggregated
            for statistical use only, as permitted by applicable law. Aggregated Data derived from
            your personal data is not considered personal data as this data is anonymized and does
            not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.
In addition, personal data may be retained for the period necessary to fulfill the
            purposes outlined in this Notice and Privacy Policy and as otherwise needed for legal, regulatory,
            or litigation purposes, as may be required under applicable law. If you wish to cancel
            your account or request that we no longer use your personal data to provide you with
            products or services, contact us using the contact information provided below.
Logged Files
Cboe Websites log IP addresses and browser types for administrative purposes, including
            logging the IP addresses associated with each post to or use of a Cboe Website. Such
            logs will be reviewed in order to improve the user experience and to improve the
            materials and content available on a Cboe Website. In addition, such information may be
            used for information security-related activities in connection with performance
            monitoring, investigations, questions, claims or complaints relating to use of a Cboe
            Website.
Cookies
When you use a Cboe Website, Cboe and third party service providers may use "cookies."
            Cookies involve placing small files/code on your device or browser that serve a number
            of purposes, such as remembering your preferences (e.g., language) and generally
            improving your experience on Cboe Websites. Specifically, we may use such technology for
            purposes such as to:
Gather analytics about Cboe Websites, including demographic information in a
                non-identifiable form, in order to improve Cboe Websites' performance and customize
                users' experience;
Support security measures, such as requiring re-login into your account; and
More effectively market Cboe Websites and advertise other websites (including those
                of our advertising partners) that may be of interest to you.
You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the
            opportunity to decide whether to accept it. You may continue browsing a Cboe Website
            even if you decide not to accept the cookie, however certain capabilities of Cboe
            Websites may be impaired. This Privacy Notice and Policy covers the use of cookies by
            Cboe Websites and does not cover the use of cookies by any service providers to Cboe
            Websites. [See also the "Select Service Providers" section below.]
Policies for Children
Cboe Websites are not targeted for use by children under the age of 16. We do not target
            any of our products or services for use by children.
Cboe may collect limited data of individuals under 16 years of age with verified parental consent
            for the limited purpose of processing beneficiary information related to accounts held by customers,
            participants, or members. Parents may access, edit, or erase this data by contacting us using the
            information provided in the “Access to Personal Data” section of this Privacy Notice and Policy.
Third Party Advertisements and Links to Third-Party Websites
Cboe Websites may provide links to other external websites, including third-party
            websites with which Cboe partners to provide non-targeted advertisements. The listing
            of a link by Cboe should not be construed as an approval of such websites’ content, or
            as an indication of the value of any claims, recommendations or other information
            contained therein. Cboe Website users should be aware that Cboe has no control and is
            not responsible for the contents or privacy practices of any linked website or any link
            on a linked website. Cboe urges our users to be aware of when they exit the Cboe
            Website and to carefully read the privacy statements of each linked website that
            collects personal data. This Privacy Notice and Policy is applicable only to data
            collected by a Cboe Website.
Access to Personal Data
If you choose to update or delete personal data previously provided to Cboe, to the
            extent allowed by law, Cboe will endeavor to correct, update or remove the personal data
            being maintained by Cboe. You can do this by contacting us via the "Contact Cboe" form
            located at
https://www.cboe.com/Contact
or at the contact points
            specified below. Cboe will respond to your request(s) within the timeframes required by
            law.
Subject to local law(s), you may have certain rights regarding personal data we have
            collected about you. Verifiable requests made pursuant to your jurisdiction’s
            respective privacy laws may be submitted via the “Contact Cboe” form located at
https://www.cboe.com/Contact
or at the contact points specified below. To help protect
            your privacy, Cboe takes reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access
            to your personal data or responding to your requests.
Choice/Opt-Out
Cboe Websites provide registered users the opportunity to opt out of receiving
            communications from us at the point where we request data about the user. If you opt in,
            Cboe may (1) share the data with those organizations with which Cboe has a direct or
            indirect business relationship; (2) use the data for its own internal purposes, or (3)
            contact you for market-related research.
If you prefer not to receive traditional mail or other off-line promotions from Cboe or
            from organizations with which Cboe has a direct or indirect business relationship, send
            an e-mail via the “Contact Cboe” form located at
https://www.cboe.com/Contact
. Please
            include your full name and mailing address. To unsubscribe by postal mail, please write
            to: Cboe Customer Experiences, 433 W. Van Buren St., Chicago, IL 60607.
To remove yourself from any Cboe e-mail lists, please click on the “update your preferences”
            or “unsubscribe” options located at the bottom of any Cboe marketing e-mail. To unsubscribe
            by postal mail, please write to: Cboe Customer Experiences, 433 W. Van Buren St., Chicago, IL 60607.
            Alternatively, to remove yourself from any Cboe e-mail lists, you may send an e-mail via
            the “Contact Cboe” form located at
https://www.cboe.com/Contact
.
If you have any other questions about opting out of any communications from Cboe, send
            an e-mail via the "Contact Cboe" form located at
https://www.cboe.com/Contact
. Please
            also refer to the jurisdiction-specific data subject rights section applicable to you below.
Data Subjects Rights Under GDPR
To the extent provided for under GDPR, effective May 25, 2018, if you are a data subject
            in the European Union you are entitled to access your personal data; obtain information
            on the processing of your personal data; have your personal data rectified or erased or
            their processing restricted; or exercise your right to data portability. You also are
            entitled to withdraw any consent that you might have given to the processing of your
            personal data, including any consent for any direct marketing purposes with future
            effect. These are known as "Data Subjects Rights."
If you would like to exercise your Data Subjects Rights or learn more about the details
            of the processing of your personal data, please contact us using the information
            provided below or please fill out a
form provided here
. Cboe will
            respond to your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable within the legally required
            period of time. To help protect your privacy, Cboe takes reasonable steps to verify your
            identity before granting access to your personal data or responding to your requests.
If you are not satisfied with Cboe’s response or believe that we are not processing your
            personal data in accordance with applicable law please contact Cboe’s Data Protection
            Officer using the contact information provided below. You also may contact or register a
            complaint with the competent supervisory authority or seek other remedies under
            applicable law.
Data Subject Rights of Canada Residents
Cboe is committed to protecting the privacy of Cboe customers in Canada and their
            personal data in accordance with the Personal Information Protection and Electronic
            Documents Act (“PIPEDA”). Cboe shall comply with all requirements of the PIPEDA
            alongside the terms of Cboe’s global privacy policy mentioned above. Where policy
            requirements differ between Cboe’s existing global privacy policies and the requirements
            of the PIPEDA, Cboe will adhere to any additional obligations or higher standards of
            protection enforced by these laws for Canada residents and their data.
Data Subject Rights of United Kingdom Residents
Cboe is committed to protecting the privacy of Cboe customers in the United Kingdom
            (“UK”) and their personal data in accordance with the retained EU law version of the
            General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (“UK GDPR”) and the Data Protection
            Act 2018 (“DPA”). Cboe shall comply with all requirements of the UK GDPR and DPA
            alongside the terms of Cboe’s global privacy policy mentioned above. Where policy
            requirements differ between Cboe’s existing global privacy policies and the requirements
            of the UK GDPR and/or DPA, Cboe will adhere to any additional obligations or higher
            standards of protection enforced by these laws for UK residents and their data.
Data Subject Rights of California Residents
Cboe is committed to protecting the privacy of Cboe customers in California and their
            personal data in accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”)
            and California Civil Code Section 1798.83 Shine the Light Law (“STL”). Cboe shall comply
            with all requirements of the CCPA and STL alongside the terms of Cboe’s global privacy
            policy mentioned above. Where policy requirements differ between Cboe’s existing global
            privacy policies and the requirements of the CCPA and/or STL, Cboe will adhere to any
            additional obligations or higher standards of protection enforced by these laws for
            California residents and their data.
Cboe members and customers who are residents of California may request certain
            information about our disclosure of personal data and information to third parties for
            direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact our DPO with “Request
            for California Privacy Information” on the subject line and in the body of your message.
            We will comply with your request within thirty (30) days or as otherwise required by the
            statute. Cboe will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the
            CCPA.
Data Subject Rights of Singapore Residents
Cboe is committed to protecting the privacy of Cboe customers in Singapore and their
            personal data in accordance with Singapore's Personal Data Protection Act ("PDPA"). Cboe
            shall comply with all requirements of the PDPA alongside the terms of Cboe’s global
            privacy policy mentioned above. Where policy requirements differ between Cboe’s existing
            global privacy policies and the requirements of the PDPA, Cboe will adhere to any
            additional obligations or higher standards of protection enforced by the PDPA for
            Singapore residents and their data.
Data Subject Rights of Hong Kong Residents
Cboe is committed to protecting the privacy of Cboe customers in Hong Kong and their
            personal data in accordance with Hong Kong's Personal Data Ordinance ("PDPO") and other
            relevant privacy laws. Cboe shall comply with all requirements of the PDPO alongside the
            terms of Cboe’s global privacy policy mentioned above. Where policy requirements differ
            between Cboe’s existing global privacy policies and the requirements of the PDPO, Cboe
            will adhere to any additional obligations or higher standards of protection enforced by
            the PDPO for Hong Kong residents and their data.
Data Subject Rights of Japan Residents
Cboe is committed to protecting the privacy of Cboe customers in Japan and their personal data in accordance
            with Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“APPI”) and other relevant privacy laws. Cboe
            shall comply with all requirements of the APPI alongside the terms of Cboe’s global privacy policy mentioned
            above. Where policy requirements differ between Cboe’s existing global privacy policies and the requirements
            of the APPI, Cboe will adhere to any additional obligations or higher standards of protection enforced by
            the APPI for Japan residents and their data.
Personal data of Cboe customers in Japan may be shared with Cboe Global Markets, Inc. affiliates
            (a list of Cboe affiliate or subsidiary companies to whom the personal data may be shared with can be found
here
.)
To demand disclosure (access), correction, addition, utilization cease, erasing, or deletion of your
            personal data, please send a request to
jp.compliance@cboe.com
.
            Please note that Cboe Japan may charge you a reasonable fee for processing data access requests.
If you have any comments or complaints relating to a possible breach of the APPI, please e-mail Cboe Japan at
            jp.compliance@cboe.com or contact the Personal Information Consultation Office of Japan Securities Dealers
            Association (Phone: 03-6665-6784, website:
http://www.jsda.or.jp
)
Please refer to the website of the Personal Information Protection
            Commission (
https://www.ppc.go.jp/
) for
            information about how personal information is protected based on
            what jurisdiction Cboe is located.
Data Subject Rights of Residents of the People’s Republic of China
Cboe is committed to protecting the privacy of Cboe customers in the People’s Republic
            of China (“PRC”) and their personal data in accordance with the PRC’s Personal
            Information Protection Law (“PIPL”) and other relevant privacy laws. Cboe shall comply
            with all requirements of the PIPL alongside the terms of Cboe’s global privacy policy
            mentioned above. Where policy requirements differ between Cboe’s existing global privacy
            policies and the requirements of the PIPL, Cboe will adhere to any additional
            obligations or higher standards of protection enforced by the PIPL for PRC residents and
            their data.
Data Subject Rights of Australia Residents
Cboe is committed to protecting the privacy of Cboe customers in Australia and their
            personal data in accordance with Australia’s Federal Privacy Act of 1988 (“Australian
            Privacy Act”), the Australian Privacy Principles (“APPs”), and other relevant privacy
            laws. Cboe shall comply with all requirements of the Australian Privacy Act and APPs
            alongside the terms of Cboe’s global privacy policy mentioned above. Where policy
            requirements differ between Cboe’s existing global privacy policies and the requirements
            of the Australian Privacy Act and APPs, Cboe will adhere to any additional obligations
            or higher standards of protection enforced by the Australian Privacy Act and APPs for
            Australia residents and their data.
Under the Australian Privacy Act, you can request access to your personal data
            information retained by us, or make corrections to the data, or ask us more
            generally about the kind of personal data we hold and what our policies and
            practices are in relation to the data. The best way to do this is to send your
            request to au.compliance@cboe.com. Please note that Cboe Australia may charge
            you a reasonable fee for processing data access or correction requests.
To remove yourself from any Cboe Australia e-mail newsletters, either click the
            unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email newsletter you receive or email
au.marketing@cboe.com
.
If you have any comments or complaints relating to a possible breach of the APPs,
            please e-mail Cboe Australia Compliance at
au.compliance@cboe.com
.
Special Cases
Cboe reserves the right to disclose personal data in special cases, when we have reason
            to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring
            legal action against someone who may be causing injury or interference with (either
            intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other Cboe Website users, or
            anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
Select Service Providers
We may share your information with third party service providers who perform functions
            on our behalf. We do not authorize these third parties to use your information for
            purposes other than the purpose(s) for which it has been provided, and we do not
            authorize these third parties to disclose or distribute your information to
            unauthorized parties. All of our service providers are subject to our due diligence
            process to ensure they maintain appropriate security to protect your information
            from unauthorized access or processing. The below list is of some key third parties
            we work with.
Cboe has selected Google Marketing Platform, a subsidiary of Google, LLC ("Google"), as
            an ad-serving/sales agent for Cboe Websites. Please review Google's privacy policy for
            information about Google Marketing Platform’s data use policy and security measures as
            they relate to advertising.
Cboe uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google. Google Analytics
            uses cookies or similar technologies to help Cboe Websites analyze how users use Cboe
            Websites. Please review "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps"
            for information about how Google uses information collected through Google Analytics and
            how you may refuse the use of cookies.
Cboe has selected Pardot, LLC, a Salesforce company (“Pardot”), as a marketing
            automation agent. Pardot uses cookies or similar technologies to help Cboe Websites
            analyze how specific users use the site and to deliver personalized marketing/site
            content. Please review Pardot's privacy policy for information about Pardot's data use
            policy and security measures. Please also review "How Does Pardot Track Activities?" for
            information about how Pardot uses cookies and how you may refuse the use of cookies.
Cboe has selected Stripe, Inc. ("Stripe") as a solution to support online payments
            through Cboe websites. Please review the Stripe Privacy Policy here for information
            about Stripe's data use policy and security measures.
Cboe has selected Demandbase, Inc. ("Demandbase") as an account-based marketing tool for
            real-time B2B marketing, advertising, and personalization services. Demandbase uses your
            IP address and/or other device identifiers to track user engagement with Cboe Websites and
            deliver personalized marketing content. Demandbase may be integrated with other Company customer
            relationship management (CRM) databases.  Please review the Demandbase privacy policy here to
            learn more about how Demandbase handles personal data. To opt-out of cookies and tracking from
            Demandbase visit
demandbase.com/privacy-center.html
.
Cboe has selected World-Check, a database screening tool provided by Refinitiv Limited
            ("Refinitiv"). World-Check is used for due diligence screening which includes identity
            checks for purposes of fraud and anti-money laundering prevention and measures relating
            to sanctions, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-terrorism laws. Such identity
            checks may require verifying personal data through databases and registers of public
            domain information. Please review the World-Check privacy statement available here:
https://www.refinitiv.com/en/products/world-check-kyc-screening/privacy-statement
Notice of Changes
Cboe reserves the right to update or change this Privacy Notice and Policy or any part
            of it from time to time without prior notice. Cboe encourages you to review this Privacy
            Notice and Policy periodically for changes. You may at any time contact us to request a
            copy of this Privacy Notice and Policy.
Contact Information
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Notice and Policy please contact us
            using the information below.
Cboe Global Markets, Inc.
Attention: Marketing Technology
433 W. Van Buren Street
Chicago, IL 60607
Fax: 312-786-7367
E-mail:
https://www.Cboe.com/Contact
Cboe Global Markets, Inc.
Attention: Membership Services
433 W. Van Buren Street
Chicago, IL 60607
Fax: 312-786-8140
E-mail:
Registration@cboe.com
Cboe Europe Limited
Attention: Participant Services
11 Monument Street, 5th Floor
London EC3R 8AF UK
E-mail:
participantserviceseurope@cboe.com
Cboe Global Markets, Inc.
Attention: Data Protection Officer
433 W. Van Buren Street
Chicago, IL 60607
E-mail:
dataprotection@cboe.com
Cboe Technology Philippines Inc.
Attention: Office of the Data Protection Officer
10th Floor, Unit AB, North Tower, Rockwell Business Center Sheridan, Sheridan Street
            Corner United Street, Highway Hills, Mandaluyong City 1550, Philippines
Phone: +63 2 7 918 2227
E-mail:
dpo.ctph@cboe.com
Cboe Australia Pty Ltd
Attention: Legal & Compliance
1 Farrer Place, Sydney
NSW, 2000, Australia
E-mail:
au.compliance@cboe.com
Cboe Japan Limited
Attention: Legal & Compliance
Toru Irokawa, Representative Director
5th Floor, Akasaka Intercity 1-11-44 Akasaka
Minato-ku, Tokyo 107-0052
E-mail:
jp.compliance@cboe.com
1: This Policy is applicable to BIDS Trading L.P. (“BIDS Trading”). BIDS Trading is a
            subsidiary of BIDS Holdings L.P., which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global
            Markets. BIDS Trading L.P. is a registered broker-dealer and the operator of the BIDS
            Alternative Trading System (“ATS”). The BIDS ATS is not a registered national securities
            exchange or a facility thereof. The BIDS ATS is an independently managed and operated
            trading venue, separate from and not integrated with the Cboe U.S. securities exchanges.