Privacy Policy
Last Modified:
11 November 2024
Your privacy is important to us.
Xiamen Meitu Technology Co., Ltd. and its affiliates (“
we
”,
        “
us
” or “
our
”) are dedicated to protecting the privacy
        of our users (“
users
” or “
you
”). This Privacy Policy
        (this “
Policy
”) is meant to explain our practices regarding how we collect, store,
        use, manage and protect your user information (including your personal information) as a controller and/or
        business under applicable data protection laws during your use of Meitu application including all its features
        (our “
Services
”).For the purpose of this Policy, the term “affiliates” shall mean any entity which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with Xiamen Meitu Technology Co., Ltd. For the purpose of the foregoing, “control” shall mean (i) the direct or indirect ownership of more than 50 per cent of the outstanding voting securities or capital stock of such entity or other comparable equity or ownership interest, or (ii) the control of management decisions and economic interests of the entity by way of contractual arrangements.
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited solely to your user information (including your personal
        information) collected or received by us when you are using our Services. In this Policy,
        “
personal information
” refers to any information or combination of information that
        can be used to identify, contact or locate an individual to whom the collected information pertains.
BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THIS POLICY AND THE COLLECTION, USE, PROCESSING, RETENTION,
                DISCLOSURE AND SHARING OF YOUR USER INFORMATION, INCLUDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, IN THE MANNER
                PROVIDED IN THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY OR ANY SUBSEQUENT
                CHANGES TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.
Please note that it is mandatory for you to provide certain categories of data (as specified at the time of
        collection). In the event that you do not provide any or sufficient data marked as mandatory, we may not be able
        to complete the registration process or provide you with our Services. Also, please note that, unless we define
        a term in this Policy, all capitalized terms used in this Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of
        Service. So, please make sure that you have read and understand our Terms of Service.
If you have any questions regarding this Policy or any privacy-related matters, please contact our Data
        Protection Officer via email at
compliance@meitu.com
(
please quote “Meitu App” in your
            email title
), or via registered mail at Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin
        Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu). Please note that for all other enquiries,
        feedback, suggestions and/or complaints not related to privacy or intellectual property infringement (including
        but not limited to any cancellation of subscription, payment disputes, refund requests and technical support of
        Meitu), you should contact us via email at
global.support@meitu.com
.
If your email is sent to
            an incorrect email address, relating to an incorrect subject matter, it may lead to a potential delay or
            failure in processing your requests properly.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In order to provide and improve our Services, we will collect and process your personal information and user
        information in accordance with this Policy. If you do not provide this information, we may be unable to provide
        you with our products or Services. You should ensure that all personal information and user information
        submitted to us is complete, accurate, true and correct. Failure on your part to do so may result in our
        inability to provide you with all or some of our Services.
Account Information
When you use our Services, we might recommend you sign up for an account with us to take full advantage of our
        Services and all their features. When you create an account, we will collect the following information that can
        be used to identify you or provide our Services to you:
• Mandatory: mobile phone number, device ID
• Optional: name, username, gender, date of birth, and location
Anyone can access our Services, but there are certain services that require a subscription fee, such as accessing
        to our premium content and enjoying advertisement privileges (“
Subscription
            Service
”). If you choose to make a purchase on our Subscription Service, we will collect
        certain personally identifiable information, such as your device ID. A third-party app store or payment
        processor may receive, access or use your financial information and billing address for the purpose of
        processing transactions and renewals. If you purchase content or sign up for Subscription Services through a
        third-party app store or a payment processor, you should refer to that third party’s terms for information
        on how it maintains and uses personal financial information for all purchases. For the avoidance of doubt, we
        will not collect any financial information from you.
Mobile Device Information
When you use our Services on your mobile device, we will collect information about your device, including its
        International Mobile Equipment Identity (“IMEI”), Unique Device Identifier (“UDID”) or
        Android ID, Universally Unique Identifier (“GUUID”), User ID (“UID”), Identifier for
        Advertising (“IDFA”) and Identifier for Vendor (“IDFV”), Open Anonymous Device
        Identifier (“OAID”) Integrated Circuit Card Identifier (“ICCID”), Media Access Control
        (“MAC”) address, the type of device you use, operating system version, a list of mobile applications
        installed on your device and resolution, which will be used by us for statistical and/or analytical reasons,
        including without limitation to improve our technical functionality, server load-balancing, analysis of
        technical data relating to your mobile device so as to optimize our Services and graphics adaptation.
As stated below in the “Location Information” section, we may collect your location-based information
        from your mobile device if you choose to share it with us. If you subsequently wish to stop sharing Location
        Information, you may do so at any time by editing the relevant setting on your mobile device.
Mobile Analytics
To better understand and improve the functionality of our Services, we will collect information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from.
Network Information
When you use our Services, we will collect information about the network you use, including the name of the
        operator and the type of network, so as to understand the distribution of operators and networks used by our
        users. In addition, we will collect information such as the name of the WiFi network to which you connect, the
        location of the WiFi network, and the duration of your WiFi connection to understand the environment under which
        you prefer to use our Services.
Location Information
We may collect your location-based information from your mobile device if you choose to share it with us.
• Mandatory: network information, IP address, and system time zone
• Optional: country code, latitude and longitude, network location, and system country
This information will help us understand user distribution and usage scenarios and allow us to provide users with
        the correct version of our apps, the reappearance of the geo-location or the publishing of the real-time
        geo-location where you take any photos or shoot any videos, and improve our Services. Unless we obtain your
        consent, location data WILL NOT BE ACQUIRED or USED to identify you individually. Except as otherwise provided
        in this Policy, we will not share this Location Information with any third parties. If you no longer wish to
        allow us to collect or use such information, you may turn off your Internet access or GPS, or disable our access
        to information about your network, GPS and device. Please note that we may still continue to receive some
        Location Information, such as your Network Information, IP address and system time zone, as a result of you
        using our Services.
Log Information
When you use some of our Services, including generating and browsing certain content, we will automatically
        collect certain relevant log information stored in Meitu (“
Log Information
”). Log
        Information may include (i) details on when and how often you use our Services, (ii) device statistics,
        including critical operation paths, errors, crashes, language and time zone. This Log Information is used to
        improve our Services and is NOT USED to identify our users individually.
Image Information
By choosing to use the cloud editing feature of our Services, you understand and agree that we must upload your
        photos to our server for processing before returning processed photos to you for the purposes of providing such
        service to you and continuous optimization and that we will also receive the EXIF data about your photos (EXIF
        data may contain GPS coordinates where photos were taken and processed, equipment type, ISO and information
        about the front and rear cameras and creation time, depending on the equipment manufacturer) for the purpose of
        further optimizing our Services, such as providing a better match of photo effects to your equipment.By enabling the camera and/or allowing access to photos on your device by us, you agree that we may access, collect and/or use your photos for photo editing.
Voice Information
By enabling the microphone on Meitu, you agree that we may collect your voice data (i.e. audio clips or
        recordings of your voice) for video editing. We will not use your voice information for advertising purposes.
        You can turn off Meitu’s access to your microphone on your device at any time using the operating system
        settings on the device or by muting the microphone on your devices.
Metadata
Metadata refers to technical data associated with user content. Put simply, metadata is data that describes data.
        For example, metadata can describe the analysis results of facial features, gender, age of the characters in
        photos and other elements contained in photos, which are generated and tagged by the computer algorithm and
        artificial intelligence. When you use our Services, we will use photo metadata to provide you with certain
        features including precise “Facial Recognition”, “Key-Points Recognition”, “Region
        Segmentation”, “Content Tags” and other custom features based on a combination of these basic
        features. We may use your photo metadata to provide you with more suitable filters and better photo effect when
        our apps process your photos; we may also make use of the metadata to serve up a more contextually relevant
        products or services to you.
Facial Feature Information
In order to provide certain Services, apart from utilizing metadata as mentioned above, we may collect your
        facial feature information (including but not limited to facial images) and use face recognition technology to
        recognize faces in photos and camera experiences. We may detect and use facial marks to provide face recognition
        contents and facial manipulation features. Our Services may utilize calculation results of certain AR technologies in
        relation to depth of facial mapping information, which may require to use your facial recognition features in
        order to ensure the face image processing effect and perform feature analysis using the algorithm. The
        information we collect will not be used for identifying a specific person, and is used to provide the mentioned
        features only. When the content recommendation is finished or upon the closing of the application, the facial
        mapping information is discarded. This information is not shared with any third parties.
We will neither use the results for other purposes, nor capture any data in the file nor upload data to the
        server for recording purposes.
Cookies
We use “cookies” that store and retrieve information of user’s usage from time to time to
        provide customized Services for each user. Cookies are small amounts of information that the server uses to
        operate the app/website, sends to the user’s device and are also stored on the hard disk in the
        user’s device. You may refuse the installation of cookies. Information collected may include information
        about your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring and exit
        pages, your operating system, dates and timestamps, and clickstream data.
• Purpose of use of cookies: Cookies are used to provide information optimized for each user by identifying
            the visit to and use type of each service and website that the user has visited, popular search terms,
            secure access status, etc.
• Installation, operation and refusal of cookies: A user may refuse the installation of cookies by sending an
            email to
global.support@meitu.com (please quote “Meitu App” in your email title)
.
• If a user refuses to store cookies, he or she may experience difficulties in using customized Services.
Advertising-Related Information
We and our third-party service providers may include advertisements within our Services, and with your consent,
        we may collect and use information about you such as your Advertising ID, geographic location and IP address for
        the purpose of delivering and tracking these advertisements. If your device does not have Advertising ID, we may
        use other persistent identifiers. We may also access your App list and collect the application package names of
        the applications installed on your device. We use the above information to help us better count, track and
        provide advertisements based on suitability, language, geographic location and other details. For a list of our third-party service providers, please
click
here. If you wish to opt
        out of interest-based advertising, you may opt out by sending email to
global.support@meitu.com
(please quote “Meitu App” in your email title). Please
        note you will continue to receive generic ads after you opt out of interest-based advertising.
Information Collected by Third Party Services
Our Services provided to you may contain our service provider’s Application Programming Interfaces (APIs)
        or Software Development Kits (SDKs), which may have tracking tools of such service providers. These third
        parties may use cookies, APIs and SDKs on our Services and collect and analyze user information. In addition,
        some third-party SDKs may allow advertisers to collect information in order to provide content that is more
        relevant to you. Third parties may access your information such as your device identifiers, region (defined as
        the location where a given language is used), location information and IP address under their respective privacy
        policies. If you want to know more about such third parties, you may send an email to
compliance@meitu.com
            (please quote “Meitu App” in your email title).
Information that You Proactively Provide to Us
When you contact us (including but not limited to our customer support team and Data Protection Officer), we collect the data you provide to us, for example, your contact details (e.g. email address and/or telephone number).
Other Information
We may also collect other information which is not related to your identity. For example, we may collect
        information on the type and version number of your operating system to better understand system upgrades, we may
        collect information on your system language for the purpose of language adaptation, and we may collect your App
        list to understand user preferences. If we choose to collect such information, we will do so for the purpose of
        improving our Services provided to you.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
In addition to the uses listed above, we collect and use your user information and personal information for the
        following purposes:
(i) Services.
To provide, process, maintain, improve and develop our Services provided to you, including customer support,
            and other services provided through our products.
(ii) Statistical analysis.
To develop and analyze statistics on the use of our products and
            Services for the purpose of improving our products and our Services.
(iii) To create an account.
The personal information that we collect when you use our Services to
            create an account will be used by us to create your account and profile.
(iv) To provide location-based services.
When you use our Services, we or third party service
            providers may take advantage of your location information to provide you with advertising, the correct
            version of our Services and help you gain good user experience.
(v) To improve user experience.
Certain optional features such as user experience programs
            allow Meitu to analyze data regarding the use of our products and our Services and improve user experience.
(vi) To provide push services.
Device information may be used by us to provide push services to
            assess the performance of adverts and the success of software updates, or provide notifications on new
            product releases.
(vii) To verify your identity.
Verifying your identity using a text message when you log in to
            your account helps prevent unauthorized logins to your account.
(viii) To collect feedback from you.
Your feedback is of great value in helping Meitu improve our
            Services. To keep track of your feedback, Meitu may use the personal information provided by you to contact
            you and retain the records.
(ix) Other purposes.
We will collect, store, maintain and use information about you for purposes
            under the “The Information We Collect”, and for purposes of running our operations, pursuing our
            legitimate interests (e.g., research (including marketing research), network and information security, and
            fraud prevention), and satisfying our legal obligations.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We may share your information with third parties who provide services on our behalf to help with our business
        activities. These services may include:
(i) Fulfilling orders and delivering packages;
(ii) Providing you with advertising;
(iii) Payment processing;
(iv) Providing customer services;
(v) Fulfilling subscription services;
(vi) Conducting research and analysis; and
(vii) Providing cloud computing infrastructure.
We will not share with or disclose to third parties (other than our service providers) your personal information
        in whole or in part except for the purposes of:
(i) protecting the security of others or their property;
(ii) preventing or dealing with fraud;
(iii) safeguarding our legitimate rights and interests;
(iv) taking action in line with our purposes as described in the “The Information We Collect” or the
            “How We Use Information” sections;
(v) complying with laws, rules and regulations or requests by government departments, judicial authorities, law
            enforcement, or private parties, which are typically designed to uphold Internet security and the rights,
            property and safety of us, our users and third parties; and/or
(vi) evaluating or completing a transaction where we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due
            diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or other event where your
            information may be sold or transferred.
BASES FOR USING YOUR INFORMATION
We will only collect and process personal information where we have lawful bases and we typically rely on one of
        the following four legal bases: -
(i) consent(where you have given consent);
(ii) contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, for example, to
            operate the site or deliver any services you have requested);
(iii) legitimate interests (for example we need to use your information to provide and improve our Services,
            including protecting your account, providing customer support). We rely on our legitimate interests as our
            lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent
            or our processing is otherwise required or permitted by law); and
(iv) legal obligations (to comply with the laws, rules and regulations or requests by government
            departments, judicial authorities or law enforcement).
If you have questions about the lawful bases on how we process your personal information, please contact us
        at
compliance@meitu.com
(please quote “Meitu App” in your email title)
.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
Our Services may contain links to other websites and services. In addition, other websites and services may
        reference or link to our Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and we do not
        endorse or make any representations about third party websites or services. We encourage our users to read the
        privacy policies of each and every website and service with which they interact. Visiting these other websites
        or services is at your own risk.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We will take reasonable measures to prevent the loss, improper use of, unauthorized access to or disclosure of
        information. For example, some of our Services will use encryption techniques (such as SSL) to protect your
        personal information. However, you understand and accept that (in the Internet industry) even though we take
        reasonable security measures, we cannot always guarantee that your information is 100% secure. You understand
        and accept that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. We do not accept
        liability for unintentional disclosure. Further, you understand and accept that the system and communication
        network used by you to access our Services may fail due to factors beyond our control.
INFORMATION ACCESS AND CONTROL
We will take all reasonable and appropriate technical measures to ensure that you can access, update and correct
        your personal information or other personal information provided to us by you when using our Services. Before
        you access, update, correct or remove such personal information, we may verify your identity in order to protect
        the security of your account.
DATA RETENTION
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of our business or legal purposes, we will
        delete your information (including your personal information) promptly upon your termination of your account
        with us.
PRIVACY RIGHTS
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: (i) request confirmation of whether we are
        processing your personal information; (ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal information; (iii)
        receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that
        information to another company (right to data portability); (iv) object to or restrict our uses of your personal
        information; (v) seek correction or amendment of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or improperly processed
        personal information; (vi) withdraw your consent; and (vii) request erasure of personal information held about
        you by us, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
If you wish to exercise your rights, you may send an email to
compliance@meitu.com
(
please quote
            “Meitu App” in your email title
) or mail your request to Unit 8106B, Level 81,
        International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu). We
        will process your request in line with applicable laws within a reasonable period of time after receiving your
        email or mail, and will cease collecting, using and disclosing your personal information thereafter, subject to
        certain exceptions prescribed by law. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity before
        fulfilling your request. Please note that if you withdraw your consent or delete your personal information, your
        use of some of our Services may be affected.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their
        rights conferred by the California Consumer Privacy Act.
INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN
We will not knowingly collect or request personal information from children under
1
6 (or any other age stipulated by law applicable to your
                region). If you are under 16, please do not send your personal information to us, including but not
                limited to your name, address, phone number or email address. If you believe we may have any information
                about children under 16(or any other age stipulated by law as children applicable to your region), you may send an email to
compliance@meitu.com
(
please
                    quote “Meitu App” in your email title
) or
send a registered
                mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong
                Kong
(attention: Legal Department, Meitu). If we learn that we have collected
                personal information from children under 16 (or any other age stipulated by law applicable to your
                region), we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the associated
                account.
CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
Depending on the jurisdiction in which you are a user of, and subject to the special rules and policy of such jurisdiction as stated in this Policy, you understand and agree that all information collected via or by us may be transferred, processed,
                and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the People’s Republic of China,
                the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China (“Hong
                Kong”), Japan, South Korea, Singapore, the United States, the European Union, in the cloud, on our
                servers, on the servers of our affiliates, or the servers of our service providers, in order to provide
                our Services.
GOVERNING LAW
This Policy is established, comes into force, and will be enforced and interpreted under the laws of
        Hong Kong, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Any disputes arising hereunder will also be
        resolved in accordance with the Terms of Service. We do not represent or warrant that this Policy complies with
        the privacy law of any jurisdiction. Therefore, you should not interpret this Policy in accordance with such
        law.
AMENDMENTS TO THIS POLICY
You agree that we may update this Policy according to relevant laws and regulations or based on our business
        decisions, and you agree to be bound by any such revisions hereto. We will post any significant changes to this
        Policy on Meitu or notify you by other means as required by law.
FOR USERS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND THE UNITED KINGDOM
For cases in which we process personal information within the scope of the European General Data Protection
        Regulation and the UK General Data Protection Regulation(collectively,“
GDPR
”), you will find the relevant details on the processing of your
        personal information in the GDPR Notice below.
FOR USERS IN JAPAN
Right to data disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use
If you are in Japan, as a data subject, you have the right to request the disclosure, correction, erasure or
        suspension of use of your personal information, and we are obliged to meet your request without undue delay. You
        may send your request by email to
compliance@meitu.com
(
please quote “Meitu App” in
            your email title
) or by mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road
        West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
FOR USERS IN SOUTH KOREA
International Data Transfers
We process the personal information of users only within the scope specified under HOW WE USE INFORMATION, and in
        principle, will not provide personal information of users to a third party. However, with your consent, for
        purposes of providing our Services described under INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE to you, we may collect
        your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it elsewhere.
• Personal information transferred: please refer to the section “The Information We Collect” of
            this Policy above
• Transfer date and method: transferred on submission for storage and processing
• Country to which personal information is transferred: the People’s Republic of China
• Retention of personal information: please refer to the section “Data Retention” of this Policy
            above
Also, we may transfer your personal information to the following third parties located outside of South Korea:
Name of the person providing personal information
Purpose of the use of personal information
Particulars of personal information to be collected
Period for retaining and using personal information
Apple Inc.
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Subscription payment services
IDFA, IP User's UID, location
For such period as stated in the privacy policy of the relevant third-party platform
Tencent Holdings Ltd.
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User's UID, location
Alibaba (China) Co., Ltd.
https://www.alibabagroup.com/en-US/privacy-policy
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User's UID, location
Google LLC
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Subscription payment services
                    
                    Provision of advertising
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User's UID, location
Meta Platforms, Inc.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
Subscription payment services
                
                        Provision of advertising
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User's UID, location
Topon Pte. Ltd.
https://help.toponad.com/docs/Privacy-Policy
Provision of advertising
IDFA, GAID, OAID, IDFV, Android ID, MAC address, IMEI, location
Mintegral International Limited
https://www.mintegral.com/cn/privacy
Provision of advertising
IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, GAID, MAC address, IDFA, location
Bytedance Pte Ltd
https://www.pangleglobal.com/zh/privacy/enduser-zhtw
Provision of advertising
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, location, IP User's UID
AppLovin Corporation
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Provision of advertising
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, location, IDFV, IP User's UID
Whenever we share information outside of where you live, we ensure that the transfer complies with your local law
        so that your personal information is adequately protected.
You may refuse the above overseas transfer of your personal information by contacting our department in charge of
    protecting personal information as stated below. If you refuse to the said overseas transfer of your personal
    information, we will exclude your personal information from those subject to overseas transfer. However, in such case,
    we may restrict your use of our Services that require overseas transfer of personal information.
Also, we may receive your personal information from the following third parties:
Name of the person providing personal information
Purpose of the use of personal information
Particulars of personal information to be collected
Period for retaining and using personal information
Apple Inc.
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Subscription payment services
IDFA, IP User’s UID, Location
Until your termination of your account with us
Google LLC
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Meta Platforms, Inc.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, User’s UID
Tencent Holdings Ltd.
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, User’s UID
Alibaba (China) Co., Ltd.
https://www.alibabagroup.com/en-US/privacy-policy
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User's UID, location
Data Retention
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of our business or legal purposes, we will
        delete your information (including your personal information) promptly upon your termination of your account
        with us. We will destroy your personal information according to the following procedures and methods.
1. Procedures for Destruction: We select personal information subject to destruction and destroy them with
            approval of our data protection officer.
2. Method of Destruction: We will destroy personal information stored and filed electronically in a way that
            can be deleted by using a means that renders the record irrecoverable as far as possible.
Department in Charge of Protecting Personal Information and Handling Complaints
Xiamen Meitu Technology Co., Ltd.
Attn: Arthur Law, Head of Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Email:
compliance@meitu.com (please quote “Meitu App” in your email title)
History of the Revision of the Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy (updated on 01/08/2024)
Privacy Policy (updated on 12/06/2023)
FOR USERS IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
You agree that Meitu and the Companies may use facial recognition technology to collect biometric information
        from the photos or images you provide. Meitu and the Companies may use such information to verify your identity,
        to provide and improve the Service, and for our internal research purposes. If your biometric information is
        subject to the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act, we will delete your biometric information within
        three years of your last interaction with the Service.
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
(i) confirm whether or not we are processing your personal information;
(ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal information with accompanying details;
(iii) receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send
            that information to another company i.e., right of data portability;
(iv) correct your personal information;
(v) request to opt-out of certain processing activities including, as applicable, if we process your
            personal information for “targeted advertising” (as “targeted advertising” is
            defined by applicable privacy laws), if we “sell” your personal information (as
            “sell” is defined by applicable privacy laws), or if we engage in profiling in furtherance of
            certain decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you;
(vi) request erasure of personal information held about you by us; and
(vii) appeal our decision to decline to process your request.
If you would like to exercise any of your rights under the applicable privacy laws, please contact our Data
        Protection Officer via email at
compliance@meitu.com
(please quote “Meitu” in your email
            title)
or via registered mail at Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road
        West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu). We will process such requests in accordance with
        applicable laws.
If you are a Virginia resident and would like to appeal our decision with respect to your request, you may do so
        by informing us of this and providing us with information supporting your appeal.
The following paragraphs only apply to our processing of your personal information that is subject to the
        California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended from time to time) (“
CCPA
”).
The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information we have
        collected about them, and whether we disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a
        service provider) in the preceding twelve months. California residents can find this information below:
Category of Personal Information Collected
Category of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information is Disclosed to for a Business
                            Purpose
Identifiers
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code
                        § 1798.80(e))
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Commercial information
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Biometric information
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Internet or other electronic network activity
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Geolocation data
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Sensory data
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Professional or employment-related information
N/A
Non-public education information (per the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Sec.
                        1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99))
N/A
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s social security, driver’s license,
                        state identification card, or passport number
N/A
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit
                        card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password,
                        or credentials allowing access to an account
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s precise geolocation
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s racial or ethnic origin, religious or
                        philosophical beliefs, or union membership
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Personal information that reveals the contents of a consumer’s mail, email, and text
                        messages unless Figma is the intended recipient of the communication
N/A
Personal information that reveals consumer’s genetic data
N/A
Biometric information that is processed for the purpose of uniquely identifying a consumer
N/A
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health
N/A
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s sex life or sexual
                        orientation
N/A
The categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information and our business and commercial purposes for
        using and disclosing Personal Information are set forth in “The Information We Collect”, “How
        We Use Information”, and “Information Sharing and Disclosure” above, respectively. We will
        retain personal information in accordance with the time periods set forth in “Data Retention” above.
In the preceding twelve months, we have not “sold” any personal information (as defined by the CCPA),
        nor do we have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of
        age.
In the preceding twelve months, we have not “shared” any personal information for
        “cross-context behavioral advertising” (as such terms are defined in the CCPA), nor do we have
        actual knowledge of any “sharing” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age for
        “cross-context behavioral advertising”
We only use and disclose sensitive personal information for the following purposes:
(i) To provide the Services.
(ii) To prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity,
            integrity, and or confidentiality of stored or transmitted personal information.
(iii) To resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at us and to prosecute those
            responsible for those actions.
(iv) To ensure the physical safety of natural persons.
(v) To verify or maintain the quality or safety of our products, Services, or devices, and to improve,
            upgrade, or enhance our Services or devices.
(vi) For purposes that do not infer characteristics about individuals.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their
        rights conferred by the CCPA.
To protect your privacy, we will take steps to reasonably verify your identity before fulfilling requests
        submitted under the CCPA. These steps may involve asking you to provide sufficient information that allows us to
        reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized
        representative. Examples of our verification process may include asking you to provide the email address or
        phone number we have associated with you and providing a verification code that is sent to your email address or
        phone number.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to
        your personal information. To authorize an agent, provide written authorization signed by you and your
        designated agent and contact us using the information in “Privacy Rights” above for additional
        instructions.
We do not “sell” personal information or “share” personal information for
        “cross-context behavioral advertising” so we do not respond to opt-out preference signals.
If you are a Nevada resident, we do not “sell” your personal information.
FOR USERS IN BRAZIL
Legal basis for processing data
If you are in Brazil, the legal basis for processing your personal information that we may rely on are:
(i)consent (where you have given consent);
(ii)contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, for example, to operate the site or deliver any services you have requested);
(iii)legal obligations (to comply with the laws, rules and regulations or requests by government departments, judicial authorities or law enforcement); and
(iv)to prevent fraud and for the purpose of protect credit.
If you have questions about the lawful bases on how we process your personal information, please contact us at compliance@meitu.com (please quote “Meitu App” in your email title).
Right to data disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use, portability and to withdraw consent
If you are in Brazil, as a data subject, you have the right to request the disclosure, correction, erasure, suspension of use or portability of your personal data, as well as the rights to withdraw consent and to be informed about the potential negative consequences of such withdrawal, and to be informed about public and private entities with which we have shared your personal data, and we are obliged to meet your request without undue delay. You may send your request by email to compliance@meitu.com (please quote “Meitu App” in your email title) or by mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
Sensitive personal information
If you are in Brazil, you understand and agree that, in order to be able to render our Services to you, we may collect sensitive personal information, such as facial features, gender, age of the characters in photos and other elements contained in photos.
Representative
If you are in Brazil, you can contact our Data Protection Officer via email at compliance@meitu.com (please quote “Meitu App” in your email title) or mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
International Data Transfers
To provide our Services to you, we may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it elsewhere.
• Personal information transferred: please refer to the section “The Information We Collect” of this Policy above
• Transfer date and method: transferred on submission for storage and processing
• Country to which personal information is transferred: The People's Republic of China
• Retention of personal information: please refer to the section “Data Retention” of this Policy above
Whenever we share information outside of where you live, we ensure that the transfer complies with your local law so that your personal information is adequately protected.
Data Retention
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of our business or legal purposes, we will retain your information (including your personal information) for such period as is required for us to continue to provide you with our Services, as well as during the limitations statutes set forth in the Brazilian Civil Core, LGPD, Brazilian Civil Rights Framework for the Internet, and Brazilian Consumer Protection Code.
We will destroy your personal information without delay when your personal information becomes unnecessary. When we destroy your personal information, we will take commercially reasonable and technically feasible measures to ensure the personal information is permanently deleted.
After the termination of Services we may retain your personal information to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, transfer to third parties, provided that the requirements for data processing as provided in LGPD are obeyed, and for our exclusive use, provided the information will be anonymized.
Choice of law
If you are resident in Brazil, this Policy will be enforced and interpreted under the laws of Brazil.
GDPR NOTICE
In context with the provision of the Services we process personal data.
If the GDPR applies to our processing of your personal data, we process personal data only in accordance with the
        GDPR. In our above (general) Privacy Policy, you find information on when the GDPR applies to our processing of
        personal data. This GDPR Notice supplements the above (general) Privacy Policy and includes detailed information
        on our processing of your personal data under the GDPR.
I. Information on the controller
1. Identity and contact details of the controller
Xiamen Meitu Technology Co., Ltd.
Meitu Tower, Building 2,
Meifeng Innovation Valley, No. 2557,
Binhai West Avenue, Tong'an District,
Xiamen, China
compliance@meitu.com
2. Identity and contact details of the controller’s representatives
The European Union
Rivacy GmbH
Mexikoring 33
22297 Hamburg
info@rivacy.eu
The United Kingdom
Rivacy Limited
87, Warriner Gardens, Unit G1/G2,
London, SW11 4DX,
United Kingdom
3. Contact details of the controller’s data protection officer
Xiamen Meitu Technology Co., Ltd.
Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
compliance@meitu.com
II. Information on the processing of personal data
1. Details on the personal data which are processed
Categories of personal data processed
Personal data included in the categories
Sources of the data
Obligation of the data subject to provide the data
Storage duration
Protocol Data
Protocol data which accrue when using the Services to provide content from the server of our
                        applications.
The data accruing during use is defined by the network protocol for transferring information
                        between your terminal device and the applications' server.
This includes IP address, type and version of the mobile operating system used, the content
                        accessed, the content previously accessed, date and time of access.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
If the data is not provided, we cannot provide the content of our applications requested by you.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Registration Data
Name, username, gender, date of birth, mobile phone number, location.
User of the Services
The provision of the information marked as mandatory during the registration process is a
                        requirement necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to
                        provide the data.
If the mandatory information is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Subscription Data
Information on current and/or past subscriptions.
User of the Services
The provision of the information marked as mandatory during the registration process is a
                        requirement necessary to enter into a subscription contract. The provision of other data is not
                        a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
                        There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the mandatory information is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Mobile Device Data
Information about your mobile device, including its International Mobile Equipment Identity
                        (IMEI), Unique Device Identifier (UDID) or Android ID, Universally Unique Identifier (GUUID),
                        User ID (UID), Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and Identifier for Vendor (IDFV), Open
                        Anonymous Device Identifier (OAID), Integrated Circuit Card Identifier (ICCID), Media Access
                        Control (MAC) address, Google Advertising ID (GAID), the type of device you use, operating
                        system version, a list of mobile applications installed on your device and resolution.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
If the data is not provided, we cannot provide the content of our applications requested by you.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Mobile Analytics Data
Information to better understand and improve the functionality of our Services. These include
                        information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the
                        application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Network Data
Name of the operator and the type of network, name of the WiFi network to which you connect, the
                        location of the WiFi network, and the duration of your WiFi connection.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Location Data
Country code, latitude and longitude, network location, IP address and the system country and
                        system time zone recorded on your device.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Log Data
Log Information may include (i) details on when and how often you use our Services,
                        (ii) device statistics, including critical operation paths, errors, crashes, language and
                        time zone.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Image Data
Photo/video of the data subject; EXIF data stored in the image file (EXIF data may contain GPS
                        coordinates where photos were taken and processed, equipment type, ISO and information about the
                        front and rear cameras and creation time, depending on the equipment manufacturer).
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data are stored in server log files for a maximum period of 21 days.
Voice Data
Voice of data subject.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data are stored in server log files for a maximum period of 21 days.
Meta Data
Information which describes the analysis results of facial features, gender, age of the
                        characters in photos and other elements contained in photos.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Face Recognition Data
Facial feature information of data subject (including but not limited to facial images and facial
                        marks).
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
When the content recommendation is finished or upon the closing of the application, the facial
                        mapping information is discarded.
Cookie Data
Data subject’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider
                        (ISP), referring and exit pages, operating system, dates and timestamps, clickstream data.
To the extent such personal data is stored in cookies, you can find more detailed information in
                        Section III below.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
The data will be erased when the user logs out from their account. The cookie will be replaced
                        when the token is expired (after 30 days).
Advertisement Data
Advertising ID (including IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IMSI, ICCID, GAID, MEID, mac addr, IDFV, IDFA),
                        geographic location and IP address.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
If you do not provide this data we are not able to provide you with interest-based advertising.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Third Party Tracking Data
Device identifiers, region (defined as the location where a given language is used), location
                        information, IP address.
To the extent such personal data is stored in cookies, you can find more detailed information in
                        Section III below.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
2. Details on the processing of the personal data
Purpose of processing the personal data
Categories of personal data processed
Automated decision-making
Legal basis and, where applicable, legitimate interests
Recipient
Provision of the Services
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
Network Data
Location Data
Image Data
Voice Data
Meta Data
Face Recognition Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
For processing activities relating to the app user:
Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR (performance of a contract to which the data subject is party
                        or taking steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract)
For processing of Location Data: Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
For processing activities relating to data subjects different from the device owner:
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is the provision of our services
Alibaba (China) Co., Ltd.
Statistical analysis (develop and analyse statistics on the use of our products and Services for
                        the purpose of improving our products and Services)
Protocol Data
Mobile Device Data
Mobile Analytics Data
Network Data
Location Data
Log Data
Cookie Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Alibaba (China) Co., Ltd.
Creating an account
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
Location Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is the provision of the content of our applications requested by the
                        user.
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Providing location-based services (for providing user with advertising, the correct version of
                        our Services and help user gaining good user experience)
Protocol Data
Location Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Improving user experience (optional features such as user experience programs allow us to analyse
                        data regarding the use of our products and our Services and improve user experience)
Protocol Data
Mobile Device Data
Mobile Analytics Data
Network Data
Location Data
Log Data
Image Data
Meta Data
Cookie Data
Third Party Tracking Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc,
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Alibaba (China) Co., Ltd.
Providing push services (for assessing the performance of adverts and the success of software
                        updates, or providing notifications on new product releases)
Protocol Data
Mobile Device Data
Advertisement Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Topon Pte. Ltd.
Mintegral International Limited
Bytedance Pte Ltd
AppLovin Corporation
Verifying user’s identity
Protocol Data
Registration Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
In this case, our legitimate interest is verifying your identity to be able to provide the
                        Services to you.
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Collecting feedback from user (to help us improve our Services)
Protocol Data
Registration Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Complying with any applicable rules, laws and regulations, codes of practice or guidelines or to
                        assist in law enforcement and investigations by relevant authorities
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (c) GDPR (necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the
                        controller is subject)
Public authorities
Other Meitu entities
Maintaining the safe and stable operation of the Services, such as identifying or dealing with
                        any failure of the Services
Protocol Data
Network Data
Log Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is ensuring the safe and stable operation of the IT infrastructure used
                        for the provision of the Services.
Other Meitu entities
Protecting the security of your account, network, operation, and system, and to prevent phishing,
                        website fraud and Trojan horse viruses
Protocol Data
Network Data
Log Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is ensuring the security of the IT infrastructure used for the provision
                        of our websites, in particular for the detection, elimination and conclusive documentation of
                        incidents (e.g. DDoS attacks).
Other Meitu entities
Processing of requests (customer service)
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
If your request concerns a contract to which you are party or the performance of pre-contractual
                        measures:
Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR (performance of a contract to which the data subject is party
                        or taking steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract).
Otherwise:
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
In this case, our legitimate interest is the processing of your request.
Other Meitu entities
3. Details on the recipients of personal data and the transfer of personal data to third countries and/or
            international organizations
Recipient
Recipient’s role
Transfers to third countries and/or international organisations
Adequacy decision or appropriate or suitable safeguards for transfers to third countries
                            and/or international organisations
Huawei Cloud Computing Technologies Co., Ltd.
Processor
People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the P.R. China. We have secured your data
                        by concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR
                        with the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated
                        above.
Other Meitu entities:
· Meitu (China) Limited
· Xiamen Home Meitu Technology Co., Ltd.
· 台灣美圖之家技術有限公司
Processor
People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the P.R. China. We have secured your data
                        by concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR
                        with the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated
                        above.
Apple Inc.
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by
                        concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with
                        the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Google LLC
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by
                        concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with
                        the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Meta Platform, Inc.
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by
                        concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with
                        the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Processor
People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the P.R. China. We have secured your data
                        by concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR
                        with the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated
                        above.
Alibaba (China) Co., Ltd.
Processor
People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for People’s Republic of China. We have secured your data by concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Topon Pte. Ltd.
Processor
Singapore
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for Singapore. We have secured your data by concluding so-called
                    standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this
                    agreement from our contact address stated above.
Mintegral International Limited
Processor
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China. We have secured your data by concluding so-called standard data
                    protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our
                    contact address stated above.
Bytedance Pte Ltd
Processor
Singapore
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for Singapore. We have secured your data by concluding so-called
                    standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this
                    agreement from our contact address stated above.
AppLovin Corporation
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by concluding so-called
                    standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this
                    agreement from our contact address stated above.
III. Information on the use of cookies
or similar technologies
The following section currently only deals with cookies. If similar technologies (browser fingerprints, local
        storage, session storage, etc.) are used, this section would have to be adapted accordingly.
We use cookies in connection with offering our Services. In doing so, we use the processing and storage functions
        of your device and/or your device’s browser and collect information from the memory of your device and/or
        your device’s browser.
You will find more detailed information on this in the following.
1. General information on cookies
Cookies are small text files with information that can be placed on a user’s device when an app is used or
        a website is visited. When the relevant app or website is used or visited again with the same device, the cookie
        and the information it contains can be retrieved.
a) First-party and third-party cookies
Depending on where a cookie comes from, a distinction can be made between first-party cookies and third-party
        cookies:
First-party cookies
Cookies that are placed and accessed by the operator of the app or website as the controller or
                        by a processor engaged by the controller
Third-party cookies
Cookies that are placed and accessed by controllers other than the operator of the app or website
                        that are not processors engaged by the operator of the app or website
b) Transient and persistent cookies
A distinction can be made between transient and persistent cookies depending on how long they remain active:
Transient cookies
(Session cookies)
Cookies that are automatically deleted when you close the app or your browser
Persistent cookies
Cookies that remain stored on your device for a certain period of time after the app or browser
                        is closed
c) Consent-free cookies and cookies requiring consent
Users’ consent is required for some cookies depending on their function and purpose of use. Thus, a
        distinction can be made between cookies that require users’ consent and those that do not:
Consent-free cookies
Cookies that have as their sole purpose to transmit a message using an electronic communication
                        network
Cookies that are necessary so that the party offering a service that has been expressly requested
                        by a participant or user can provide this service (“strictly necessary cookies”)
Cookies requiring consent
Cookies for all purposes of use other than the aforementioned
2. Management of the cookies used in our app and on our website
a) Granting and withdrawing consents to the use of cookies in the data protection settings of our
                app and website
If consent is necessary for the use of certain cookies, we only use these cookies if you have previously granted
        your consent to this. You can find information as to whether the use of a particular cookie requires consent in
        the information on the cookies used in our Services in
Section III.3.
of this Privacy
        Policy.
You cannot deactivate cookies that are strictly necessary in the data protection settings of our app or website.
        However, you can generally deactivate these cookies in your app or browser at any time.
b) Managing cookies using device/browser settings
You can also manage the use of cookies in your device’s or your browser’s settings. Different
        browsers have different ways to configure cookie settings. You can find more extensive information on this, for
        example at
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/
.
However, we would like to point out that some functions of our app or website may not work properly or at all if
        you deactivate cookies in general on your device.
3. Cookies used in our app and on our website
The following cookies may be used in our app and on our website:
Name
First-party / third-party
Purpose of use and content
Effective term
Consent necessary?
mt_access_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is
                        expired (30 days).
No
mt_web_access_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is
                        expired (30 days).
No
mt_temp_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is
                        expired (30 days).
No
mt_grant_access_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is
                        expired (30 days)
No
IV. Information on the rights of data subjects
As a data subject, you have the following rights with regard to the processing of your personal data:
• Right of access (Art. 15 GDPR)
• Right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR)
• Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) (Art. 17 GDPR)
• Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR)
• Right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR)
• Right to object (Art. 21 GDPR)
• Right to withdraw consent (Art. 7 (3) GDPR)
You may contact us for the purpose of exercising these rights using the contact information in
Section
            I
.
Where applicable, you find information on any specific modalities and mechanisms which facilitate the exercise of
        your rights, in particular the exercise of your rights to data portability and to object, in the information on
        the processing of personal data in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (Art. 77 GDPR).
Below you find more detailed information on your rights with regard to the processing of your personal data:
1. Right of access
As a data subject, you have a right to obtain access and information under the conditions provided in
        Art. 15 GDPR.
This means in particular that you have the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether we are processing
        your personal data. If so, you also have the right to obtain access to the personal data and the information
        listed in Art. 15 (1) GDPR. This includes information regarding the purposes of the processing, the
        categories of personal data that are being processed and the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the
        personal data have been or will be disclosed (Art. 15 (1) (a), (b) and (c) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to access and information in Art. 15 GDPR.
2. Right to rectification
As a data subject, you have the right to rectification under the conditions provided in Art. 16 GDPR.
This means in particular that you have the right to receive from us without undue delay the rectification of
        inaccuracies in your personal data and completion of incomplete personal data.
You can find the full extent of your right to rectification in Art. 16 GDPR.
3. Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”)
As a data subject, you have a right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) under the conditions
        provided in Art. 17 GDPR.
This means that you have the right to obtain from us the erasure of your personal data and we are obliged to
        erase your personal data without undue delay when one of the reasons listed in Art. 17 (1) GDPR
        applies. This can be the case, for example, if personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes
        for which they were collected or otherwise processed (Art. 17 (1) (a) GDPR).
If we have made the personal data public and are obliged to erase it, we are also obliged, taking account of
        available technology and the cost of implementation, to take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to
        inform controllers which are processing the personal data that you have requested the erasure by such
        controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of those personal data (Art. 17 (2) GDPR).
The right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) does not apply if the processing is necessary for one
        of the reasons listed in Art. 17 (3) GDPR. This can be the case, for example, if the processing is
        necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims
        (Art. 17 (3) (b) and (e) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) in Art. 17 GDPR
4. Right to restriction of processing
As a data subject, you have a right to restriction of processing under the conditions provided in Art. 18
        GDPR.
This means that you have the right to obtain from us the restriction of processing if one of the conditions
        provided in Art. 18 (1) GDPR applies. This can be the case, for example, if you contest the accuracy
        of the personal data. In such a case, the restriction of processing lasts for a period that enables us to verify
        the accuracy of the personal data (Art. 18 (1) (a) GDPR).
Restriction means that stored personal data are marked with the goal of restricting their future processing
        (Art. 4 (3) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to restriction of processing in Art. 18 GDPR
5. Right to data portability
As a data subject, you have a right to data portability under the conditions provided in Art. 20 GDPR.
This means that you generally have the right to receive your personal data with which you have provided us in a
        structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit those data to another controller without
        hindrance from us if the processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) or
        Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR and the
        processing is carried out by automated means (Art. 20 (1) GDPR).
You can find information as to whether an instance of processing is based on consent pursuant to
        Art. 6 (1) (a) or Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR or on a contract pursuant to
        Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
In exercising your right to data portability, you also generally have the right to have your personal data
        transmitted directly from us to another controller if technically feasible (Art. 20 (2) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to data portability in Art. 20 GDPR
6. Right to object
As a data subject, you have a right to object under the conditions provided in Art. 21 GDPR.
At the latest in our first communication with you, we expressly inform you of your right, as a data subject, to
        object.
More detailed information on this is given below:
Right to object on grounds relating to the particular situation of the data subject
As a data subject, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to
        processing of your personal data which is based on Art. 6 (1) (e) or (f), including profiling
        based on those provisions.
You can find information as to whether an instance of processing is based on Art. 6 (1) (e) or (f)
        GDPR in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this GDPR
        Notice.
In the event of an objection relating to your particular situation, we will no longer process your personal data
        unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights
        and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
You can find the full extent of your right to objection in Art. 21 GDPR, which can be accessed using the
        following link:
http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/HTML/?uri=CELEX:32016R0679
.
Right to object to direct marketing
Where your personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to
        processing of your personal data for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related
        to such direct marketing.
You can find information as to whether and to what extent personal data are processed for direct marketing
        purposes in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this
        GDPR Notice.
If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, we no longer process your personal data for these
        purposes.
You can find the full extent of your right to objection in Art. 21 GDPR
7. Right to withdraw consent
Where an instance of processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) or
        Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR, as a data subject you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time
        pursuant to Art. 7 (3) GDPR. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the legitimacy of the
        processing that occurred based on your consent until the withdrawal. We inform you of this before you grant your
        consent.
You can find information as to whether an instance of processing is based on Art. 6 (1) (a) or
        Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
8. Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
As a data subject, you have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority under the conditions
        provided in Art. 77 GDPR.
The supervisory authorities responsible for us are:
Der Hamburgische Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit
Ludwig-Erhard-Str 22, 20459 Hamburg
E-mail: mailbox@datenschutz.hamburg.de
Phone: +49 40 42854-4040
Information Commissioner’s Office
E-mail: dpo@ico.org.uk
Phone: 0303 123 1113
V. Information on the technical terms of the GDPR used in this GDPR Notice
The technical terms relating to data protection used in this GDPR Notice have the meaning used in the General
        Data Protection Regulation.
The full scope of the definitions of the General Data Protection Regulation can be found in Art. 4 GDPR
You will find more detailed information on the most important technical terms of the General Data Protection
        Regulation used in this GDPR Notice below:
“Personal data”
means any information relating to an identified or identifiable
        natural person (”data subject”); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified,
        directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number,
        location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic,
        mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person;
“Data subject”
means the respective identified or identifiable natural person, to
        which the personal data refers to;
“Processing”
means any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal
        data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording,
        organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by
        transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or
        destruction;
“Profiling”
means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of
        the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to
        analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person’s performance at work, economic situation,
        health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements;
“Controller”
means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other
        body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data;
        where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or
        the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law;
“Processor”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body
        which processes personal data on behalf of the controller;
“Recipient”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another
        body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which
        may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law
        shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in
        compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing;
“Third party”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body
        other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller
        or processor, are authorised to process personal data;
“International organisation”
means an organisation and its subordinate bodies
        governed by public international law, or any other body which is set up by, or on the basis of, an agreement
        between two or more countries; and
“Third country”
means a country which is not a member state of the European Union
        (”EU”) or the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United Kingdom.
FOR USERS IN VIETNAM
If you are a user in Vietnam, this section will supplement and constitute an integral part of the Policy, and is
        formulated in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations in Vietnam, including Decree 13/2023/ND-CP on
        personal data protection (as amended from time to time) and other relevant laws, regulations, regulatory
        requirements and national standards that govern or otherwise relate to the processing of your personal information
        during the use of our Services (collectively, the “
Vietnam Privacy
                Regulations
”).
The terms in this section shall have the same meaning defined under the Policy unless otherwise clearly specified. In
        the event of any conflict between the terms in this section and the provisions of the main body of the Policy, the
        terms in this section will prevail.
The Information We Collect
In this Policy, “
personal information
” or
        “
personal data
” refers to any information in the form of symbols,
        letters, numbers, images, sounds or the like on an electronic medium that is associated with a particular person or
        helps to identify a particular person. Personal information includes basic personal data and sensitive personal
        data.
Some of the personal information that we collect may comprise “
sensitive personal
                data
”. This refers to personal data that is associated with your privacy that, when
        violated, will directly affect your legitimate rights and interests. Sensitive personal data that we collect and
        process include but not limited to location information, voice information and facial feature information.
Scope of Processing
The Policy explains how we “
process
” your personal information. This
        includes how we may collect, record, analyse, verify, store, correct, disclose, associate, access, retrieve, revoke,
        encrypt, decrypt, copy, share, transmit, provide, transfer, delete, destroy or undertake such other related actions
        in respect of your personal information.
Our Legal Bases for Processing Your Personal Information
We will only process your personal information when we have a legal basis to do so. In most cases, we process your
        personal information after we have obtained your consent for the purposes listed in the Policy.
Your personal information may also be processed in the following cases and for which your consent will not be
        required, including:
a)     in cases of emergency where it is necessary to immediately process the relevant personal information to protect
            the life and health of you or others;
b)     disclosure of the personal information in accordance with the law;
c)     processing of personal information by the competent state agencies in the event of a state of emergency on
            national defence, national security, social order and safety, major disasters or dangerous epidemics; or where
            there is a risk of a threat to security and national defence but not to the extent of declaring a state of
            emergency; or to prevent and combat riots and terrorism, to prevent and combat crimes and violations of the law
            in accordance with the law;
d)     fulfilment of obligations under contracts with you with relevant agencies, organisations and individuals as
            prescribed by law;
e)     to serve the activities of state agencies as prescribed by specialised laws; and
f)     other cases as prescribed by the law.
Your rights
In accordance with the applicable Vietnam Privacy Regulations, you have the following rights in respect of your
        personal information that you disclose to us:
•    Right to know:
You have the right to be informed of the data 
            processing activities in respect of your personal information, unless the law provides otherwise.
•    Right to consent
: You have the right to agree (or not agree) to the processing
            of your personalinformation, except in the following cases:
-     in cases of emergency where it is necessary to immediately process the relevant personal informationto protect
                the life and health of you or others;
-     disclosure of the personal informationin accordance with the law;
-     processing of personal informationby the competent state agencies in the event of a state of emergency
                on national defence, national security, social order and safety, major disasters or dangerous epidemics; or
                where there is a risk of a threat to security and national defence but not to the extent of declaring
                a state of emergency; or to prevent and combat riots and terrorism, to prevent and combat crimes and violations
                of the law in accordance with the law;
-     fulfilmentof obligations under contracts with you with relevant agencies, organisations and individuals as
                prescribed by law;
-     to serve the activities of state agencies as prescribed by specialisedlaws; and
-     other cases as prescribed by the laws.
•    Right of access
: You have the right to access your personal
                    informationin order to view, correct or request correction of your personal information, unless the law
                    provides otherwise.
•     Right to withdraw consent
: You have the right to withdraw your consent
                    in respect of the processing of your personal information, unless the law provides otherwise.
•    Right to deletion
: You have the right to delete or request the
                    deletion of your personal information, unless the law provides otherwise.
•    Right to restriction of data processing
: You have the right to
                    restrict the processing of your personal information, unless the law provides otherwise. The restriction
                    will be carried out within 72 hours after your request, unless the law provides otherwise.
•    Right to be provided with data
: You have the right to request us to
                    provide you with your personal information, unless the law provides otherwise.
•    Right to object:
You have the right to object our processing of your
                    personal information in order to prevent or limit the disclosure of your personal
                    information or its use for advertising and marketing purposes, unless the law provides otherwise.
                    We will fulfil your request within 72 hours after receiving such request, unless the law provides
                    otherwise.
•    Right to complain, denounce and initiate lawsuits
: You have the right
                    to complain, denounce and initiate lawsuits in accordance with the law.
•    Right to claim compensation
: You have the right to claim compensation
                    in accordance with the law if there is a violation of the applicable laws, unless the law provides or
                    agreed otherwise by you and us.
•    Right to self-defence
: You have the right to self-defence according to
                    the applicable law, or to request the relevant agencies and organisations to protect your civil rights
                    as prescribed in Article 11 of Vietnam's Civil Code.
To exercise any of your rights, or if you have any question about our processing of your personal information, please
        send us a request using the contact details specified at the beginning of this Policy. In order to process this
        request, note that we may ask you to provide us with additional information in order to confirm your identity.
Your obligations
In accordance with the applicable Vietnam Privacy Regulations, you have the following obligations in respect of your
        personal information that you disclose to us:
•    To protect your own personal information and to request relevant organisations and individuals to protect your
            personal information;
•    To respect and protect the personal information of other data subjects;
•    To fully and accurately provide your personal information when you consent to the processing;
•    To participate in the distribution of personal information protection skills; and
•    To comply with the provisions of the law on the protection of personal information
Retention duration
We will process your personal information commencing from the time in which you access or use our Services
        and for a period that is no longer than necessary for the purposes identified in this Policy.
If we are required to process your personal information pursuant to or in order to comply with a legal obligation, we
        will keep your personal information for as long as it is required by us to comply with such obligation. Upon expiry
        of the applicable data retention period or required by law, we will delete your personal information.
Organisations involved in the processing of your personal information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties, for processing in accordance with the purposes set out in
        the section “How we Use Information” and “Information Sharing and Disclosure”. Some of
        these parties may be located outside of Vietnam. These parties who are related to or involved in the processing of
        your personal information include:
•    Service providers that provide services to help with our business activities, including those involved in
            providing advertising, payment processing, customer service, fulfilment of subscription services, research and
            analytics, and cloud computing infrastructure;
•    Operators of social media platformsif you choose to share photos and/or videos on a social medial platform;
•    Law enforcement agencies, public authorities and regulators;
•    Our affiliates; and
•    Any other third party for the purposes set out in the section “Information Sharing and Disclosure”.
Language
This Privacy Policy is prepared and drafted in English, but may be translated into other languages (including but not
        limited to Vietnamese). Should any conflict arise between the English language version of this Agreement and any
        translation hereof, the English language version shall be controlling.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification
Sub-policy 1
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0:
We're sorry but 腾讯隐私保护平台 doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
下载
下载
Sub-policy 2
https://www.alibabagroup.com/en-US/privacy-policy:
Please set your cookie preferences
Welcome to Alibabagroup.com!
We would like to use cookies on the website to ensure the security, efficient operation and service optimization of the website. For more information about our use of cookies, please
click
to learn more.
Accept Cookies
Reject Cookies
Privacy Policy
Updated on August 29, 2022
Welcome to alibabagroup.com! We fully understand the importance of personal information to you, and your trust is very important to us. We will take appropriate security measures in strict compliance with laws and regulations to protect the security of your personal information. This Privacy Policy includes the terms under which we collect, use, share, store and protect your personal information. Through this Privacy Policy, we would like to provide you with a clear picture of how we process your personal information, therefore we recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in its entirety so that you can better make the appropriate choices.
I.     Scope of Application
Alibaba (China) Co., Ltd. (“Alibaba”, “we”, “us” or “our”) applies this Privacy Policy to the use of the website [www.alibabagroup.com] (the “Website”),
and this Privacy Policy does not cover those associated websites that have independent privacy policies.
This Privacy Policy applies to the personal information collected through the Website or provided directly by users, but
does not cover any personal or non-personal information collected through other websites (including the websites of our affiliates).If you use any product or service provided by Alibaba or its affiliates, and would like to know how your related personal information is processed, please refer to the privacy policy applicable to such product or service.
II.    Collection and Use of Information
In your using the Website, we need or may need to collect and use your personal information, which includes:
1.
Information you provide to us. That certain information you fill out and/ or submit,
including but not limited to name, phone number, fax number, email address, address, employer, user type, postal code, city, country, inquiry type, inquiry details, and service category,
when you submit an inquiry to us, subscribe to the sharing of our latest public information or request a hard copy of our annual report on the “Investor Relations” or “News and Resources” page of the Website, or contact us using the contact information set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Such information will be used only to contact you and solve and answer your questions, or to provide you with the services you have subscribed to, or to send you a hard copy of our annual report upon your request, and will be used for no other purpose.
2.
Information collected in your using the Website. In order to optimize the visiting experience and page performance, to perform visiting statistics on website usage, and to prevent and detect acts that endanger cybersecurity, we will record your browser and device information when you use the Website,
including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, visiting date and time, and hardware and software characteristics information.
III.   Cookies
Cookies and other similar device information identification technologies are commonly used on the Internet. When you use the Website, we may use relevant technologies to send one or more Cookies or anonymous identifiers (hereinafter, each, a “Cookie”, and collectively, the “Cookies”) to your device to collect, identify and store the information in connection with your visit to, and use of, the Website. We undertake that we will not use Cookies for any purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy. We use Cookies primarily to ensure the secure and efficient operation of the Website, to enable us to confirm the security status of your use of the Website, and to detect such unusual conditions as crashes and delays.
We will collect such information only if you voluntarily give your consent thereto, and you have the right to choose whether or not to accept Cookies. If you need to choose to accept or decline Cookies, please click on the pop-up banner at the bottom of the page when you first visit the Website; if you choose to decline the installation of Cookies, some features of the Website may then not function properly.Most browsers provide users with the function to remove their browser cache data, and you may perform the appropriate removal of data, or you may modify your acceptance of Cookies or reject our Cookies. You may not be able to use Cookies-dependent services or corresponding functions due to such modifications.
IV.    Sharing and Disclosure of Information
We will not share your personal information with outside parties, except in any of the following circumstances:
(1)    We may share your personal information with our affiliates when we, at your request, render services, or respond to or process your inquiries, or help resolve your problems; provided that we will only share personal information that is necessary, subject to the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy.
(2)    We may disclose your personal information by operation of law to relevant law enforcement authorities or other government authorities as required by applicable law or in response to legal process.
(3)    We may also disclose your personal information when we need to investigate or prevent or take other action regarding any actual or suspected illegal activity or other misconduct, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, or others.
(4)    Sharing with your consent.
V.    Your Rights
You have the legal rights, within the framework of the applicable law, in and to the personal information we hold about you. If you need to exercise any of your rights, please contact us at
data-protection@service.alibaba.com
, and we will respond to your request in accordance with the requirements of the applicable laws and regulations.
VI.   Information Storage and Security Measures
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to achieve the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, unless there is a mandatory retention requirement by law.
We use AliCloud to provide information storage services for the Website, and your personal information will be processed using our servers located in the People’s Republic of China.
We have taken reasonable and practicable security measures, consistent with industry standards, to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss. For example, we use encryption technology to enhance the security of personal information, and the exchange of data between your browser and the server is protected by SSL protocol encryption, and we provide secure browsing using HTTPS protocol; we use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent malicious attacks on personal information; and we deploy access control mechanisms to endeavor to ensure that only authorized persons have access to personal information.
VII.  Third-party Links and Related Policies
The Website may contain links to other websites, which may be owned or operated by third parties and/or their affiliates who may collect personal information from you and who may locate in and whose servers may be located in the People’s Republic of China, the United States of America or other countries/regions. We have no control over and are not responsible for the privacy policies and data protection policies of any such third parties and their affiliates. We strongly recommend that you review the privacy policies and data protection policies of all such third parties and their affiliates to understand how they would process the personal information they may collect from you.
VIII. Policy Update
The Privacy Policy of the Website may be updated regularly, and the date of the last update will be indicated on this page. We strongly recommend that you visit this page from time to time to check for any updates or changes to the Privacy Policy.
Your continued use of the Website constitutes your acceptance of the updates to our Privacy Policy.
IX.  Protection of Minors
The services of the Website are provided primarily to users who have reached the age of legal majority.
If you are a minor, you are required to ask your parent or other guardian to read this Policy carefully, and to use our services or provide information to us with the consent of your parent or other guardian.
X.    Contact Us
We have set up a department specifically for personal information protection, and if you have any questions, comments or suggestions with respect to the content of this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at
data-protection@service.alibaba.com
.
Sub-policy 3
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 4
https://help.toponad.com/docs/Privacy-Policy:
Privacy Policy
Updated on May 15, 2024
1. Introduction
TopOn entity (for purpose of applicable data protection laws, TopOn entity providing TopOn Service which is subject to applicable disclosure requirements would be
Topon Pte. Ltd.,
which is referred as “TopOn”, or “we”, “us”, “our”) provide this privacy policy to explain how we collect, use, and share personal data. This privacy policy (“Policy”) covers TopOn’s handling of two types of personal data:
(1)
Personal data we receive when we provide our service
, including (i) device personal data about end users we collect through our software development kit (“SDK”), application programming interface (“API”), our platforms, services or technologies from traffic supply partners such as mobile app developer, ad exchange platform, supply-side platform, mediation platform; (ii) personal data about end users’ interaction with ads collect through our SDK, API or other technologies, or collected and transferred to us by our Business Partners (e.g. mobile app developers, advertisers, hereinafter referred to as “Business Partners”) or any third party designated by them; (iii) device personal data generated during end users’ use of our Business Partners’ mobile apps, websites, platforms or services and personal data collected and transferred to us by our Business Partners or any third party designated by them; (iv) personal data provided by Business Partners when they use TopOn’s platforms, technologies, services. In the Privacy Policy of the TopOn Services, the end users mentioned in this section are collectively referred to as “User”, “you” or “your”; the SDK, API, any technology, platform or service provided by TopOn mentioned in this section are referred to as “TopOn Service”.
(2)
Personal data we receive through the following websites from website visitors
(hereinafter referred to as “Visitors”, “you” or “your”) in the Privacy Policy of TopOn Website: (i) our website at:
www.toponad.com
www.TopOn.net or any other website on which this Policy is posted, as well as (ii) any website we provide to Business Partners or potential clients in order to provide our services.
This Policy is subject to any service agreement between TopOn and you. By using the TopOn Service or TopOn Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to this Policy. Please review this Policy before using the TopOn Service or the TopOn Site.
We evaluate this Policy and procedures to implement improvements and refinements from time to time.We will review and update this Privacy Policy as necessary at least every 12 months.
Data protection and ensuring our Business Partners’ and your trust is at the core of TopOn’s business principles. Accordingly, being compliance with applicable data protection laws is our top priority and this Policy is updated to be compliance with the applicable data protection laws, including but not limited to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), the California Customer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA"), the Colorado Privacy Act (“CPA”), the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (“UCPA”), the Connecticut Data Protection Act (“CDPA”), the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais) (“LGPD”), Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA") and the any applicable data protection law.
For the purpose of this Policy, a “processor” under the GDPR, VCDPA, CPA, CDPA and UCPA, and a “service provider” under the CCPA. “Controller” means the “controller” under the GDPR, VCDPA, CPA, CDPA and UCPA, and a “business” under the CCPA.
2. How and why we collect user personal data
This Privacy Policy describes TopOn’s personal data collection and personal data use behavior in the following scenarios:
Based on the nature of the user's use of TopOn services or services provided by any of TopOn's business partners, we may directly or through our business partners (such as: mobile application developers, programmatic advertising exchanges, advertising aggregation platforms, advertising demand parties Platform, traffic provider platform) collects personal data. For example:
(1) When we provide traffic monetization services and mobile advertising aggregation tools for mobile application developers, the mobile application developers will embed our SDK in their mobile applications, and we will obtain user personal data through the SDK;
(2) When we cooperate with a programmatic advertising exchange platform or a traffic supplier platform, and the programmatic advertising exchange platform or traffic supplier platform sends advertising needs to our demand-side platform, it may share user personal data with us;
(3) Our advertisers, advertising demand-side platforms, programmatic advertising exchange platforms or the third-party attribution platforms they use will share user personal data with us;
In the process of providing TopOn services, we do not establish direct contact with users. We will obtain users’ personal data on the collection and use of personal data through TopOn’s business partners (such as mobile application developers using TopOn’s SDK, programmatic advertising exchange platforms, advertising aggregation platforms, advertising demand-side platforms, traffic supply-side platforms, etc.) Authorized consent. In our cooperation agreement with TopOn's business partners, we have required them to promise and guarantee the legality of the data sources, and they will inform users of the specific circumstances of our processing of personal data in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws, and obtain valid consent from users ( Where necessary, obtain separate consent required by applicable law) and ensure that users can revoke such consent at any time.
TopOn services may link to third-party websites, applications or other third-party content. Please note that we have no control over the processing of user personal data by third parties, and third parties may have privacy protection regulations that are different from those described in this privacy policy.
When we collect personal data such as name and email address of partners’ business representatives, our purpose is to conduct business communications with them, including necessary communications to perform the contract between us and the partner.
3. Personal data we may collect
When you browse advertisements using TopOn services or use services provided by TopOn's business partners, we and/or our business partners may collect your personal data. App developers may choose to share the personal data they collect with us through our SDK. To learn more about how the application developer collects, uses, and shares your personal data and whether you agree to the developer's use of your relevant personal data, please check the privacy policy of the relevant application developer. Please note that through our cooperation agreements with our partners, we will require them to obtain your full consent in advance regarding the personal data that may be collected and shared about you during the service process before using our services.
(1) The data we collect through our SDK may include the following types：
Location information
[Required information] IP address
[Optional information] Country, time zone and regional settings (country and preferred language)
Device/Advertising ID
[Required information] Android ID, OAID, IDFV, mobile advertising identifier (such as Apple IDFA, Google Advertising ID and Amazon ID),
[Optional information] International Mobile Subscriber Identity ( IMSI), MAC address, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI)
Note: If you restrict your device or application software from obtaining your device/advertising ID in accordance with Article 7 of this policy, we will not collect the corresponding information;
Device information
[Required information] Device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information, device type, device screen information, device network information, hardware serial number, device sensor information, Limited Advertising Tracking (LAT) status, phone boot time, Mobile phone username summary, device storage capacity information
[Optional information]
CPU type, device battery information, device volume and font size, whether it is an emulator, system Build type, system Build label, system Build user, radio firmware version, system startup program version number, hardware name, host address, system Development code name, system source code control version number, device displayed version number, device substrate name
Application information
[Required information] TopOn partner’s application package name, application version and features, SDK version
[Optional information]
Whether it is downloaded from the app store and the list of installed applications;
Special note: For Android users in mainland China, for download ads, we will determine whether you have installed the product promoted by the ad before displaying it. If you have installed the product, we will not display the ad (we call it display filtering). ), and notify the server not to return the corresponding advertisement the next time your device requests an advertisement, thereby improving user experience. TopOn will only report information related to ads that are "display filtered" in this scenario, and will not collect information about other installed applications.
Usage Data
[Required Information] When you interact with an advertisement promoted by us, we will collect information about your interaction with the advertisement, such as browsing and clicking on the advertisement.
Other information
[Optional information] Device event information (such as system crash, system activity), timestamp, date and time you made the request and source URL, user agent.
Access Request
Special note: If you use a developer application that integrates TopOn SDK, TopOn SDK will apply for the corresponding permissions through the developer application. The developer should inform you of the TopOn SDK, subject name, type and purpose of processing personal information, privacy policy, etc., and obtain your consent before using the TopOn SDK to carry out relevant business functions. Since there may be some differences in the information fields collected by different SDK versions and whether they are optional, the specific collection situation is subject to the SDK version connected to the developer application you are actually using. Developers must ensure that users agree to the Privacy Policy before initializing the TopOn SDK. TopOn SDK users will only collect information and apply for permissions after agreeing to the "Privacy Policy".
Items
Function
Purpose
Time
INTERNET
[Optional] Mobile network
For online advertising service requests
After the user clicks to agree to the privacy policy, the developer calls the SDK function that requires this permission.
ACCESS_WIFI_STATE
[Optional] Monitor WIFI network changes
Used for online advertising service strategy updates
After the user clicks to agree to the privacy policy, the developer calls the SDK function that requires this permission.
AD_ID 手机Google广告Id
[Optional] Obtain the permission of the mobile Google advertising ID
for ad placement, ad monitoring, attribution, and anti-cheating.
After the user clicks to agree to the privacy policy, the developer calls the SDK function that requires this permission.
For IOS system
Item
Function
purpose
Time
NSUserTrackingUsageDescription
[Optional] Obtain the device ID to identify device information
Advertising and anti-fraud
After the user clicks to agree to the privacy policy, the developer calls the SDK function that requires this permission.
(2) When you browse and click on the advertisements we promote, and then download and use the products (such as applications) promoted by the advertisements, we will collect the information from the advertisers, demand side platform, programmatic advertising exchange platforms or other The following information is collected from the third-party attribution platform used:
Location information
[Required information] IP address
[Optional information] Country, city;
Device/Advertising ID
[Required Information] IMEI, OAID, IDFV, mobile advertising identifier (such as Apple IDFA, Google Advertising ID and Amazon ID), MAC address;
Device information
[Required information] Device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information, device language, device type, device network information, device operator;
Application information
[Optional information] TopOn partner’s application package name and application version;
Usage data
[Required information] The timestamp of the installation event or other events;
Other information
[Optional information] User agent;
（3）When TopOn serves as an advertising demand-side platform ("DSP"), programmatic advertising trading platforms and traffic supply-side platforms may transmit personal information to us through API and other technologies, which may include:
Location information
[Required information] IP address
[Optional information] Country, time zone and regional settings (country and preferred language);
Device/Advertising ID
[Required Information] International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), Android ID, OAID, IDFV, mobile advertising identifier (such as Apple IDFA, Google Advertising ID and Amazon ID), MAC address;
Device information
[Required information] Device screen information, device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information, device type, device network information, limited advertising tracking (LAT) status;
Application information
[Required information] TopOn partner’s application package name, application version and features;
Usage Data
[Required Information] When you interact with the advertisements we promote, we will collect information about your interaction with the advertisements we promote, such as information about browsing and clicking on the advertisements;
Other information
[Optional information] Information transmitted by other advertising information exchange platforms or media platforms, user agents.
(4) As we provide TopOn Service for our Business Partners, we may collect name, job title, email address, contact address and the account name and password used to access TopOn websites, IP address of the individuals using TopOn services on behalf of such Business Partners.
We will cooperate with programmatic advertising exchange platforms, advertising demand-side platforms, traffic supply-side platforms and other partners with good reputations. After the advertising data exchange platform or the media platform receives an advertising request with your personal data, and where permitted by law, the personal data will be transferred to TopOn to build your portrait, personalize your advertising experience, and Advertising is then served to you on the Internet.
Legal exemption from consent to process personal data
In accordance with the requirements of applicable laws, we have contractually agreed that our business partners (such as mobile application developers and advertisers who use TopOn's SDK, etc.) will obtain data from users or their employees on our behalf regarding the processing described in this privacy policy. of consent. Users or their employees may revoke consent at any time. At the same time, please understand that in the following situations, in accordance with laws and regulations, we do not need to obtain your authorization and consent to process your personal data:
(1) Necessary to enter into or perform a contract at your request;
(2) Necessary to perform statutory duties or obligations, such as those directly related to national security, national defense security, criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment execution, etc.;
(3) In order to respond to public health emergencies, or necessary to protect the life, health and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
(4) Implement news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and process personal data within a reasonable scope;
(5) Process the personal data you disclose on your own within a reasonable scope, or other personal data that has been legally disclosed (such as personal data legally disclosed through legal news reports, government data disclosure and other channels);
(6) Other situations stipulated by laws and regulations.
Special note: According to legal provisions, if the data cannot identify a specific individual alone or in combination with other data, it does not belong to personal data. When your data can identify you alone or in combination with other data, or when we combine data that is not associated with any specific individual with your personal data, we will treat it as your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy Process and protect.
If you are located in the European Economic Area, where necessary, we will use your personal data based on "legitimate interests" specified in the GDPR. Our legitimate interests include the following: monitoring and preventing fraud, eliminating technical obstacles to system operation, and ensuring the correct and safe operation of systems and processes.
ABOUT SENSITIVE PERSONAL DATA
Sensitive personal data refers to personal data that, once leaked or illegally used, will easily lead to infringement of the human dignity or harm to the personal or property safety of a natural person. The scope of sensitive personal data may vary pursuant to different applicable data protection law.
We will not collect your sensitive personal data without your consent. Our Business Partner will transmit or authorize us to process your sensitive personal data after notifying you the necessity of processing your sensitive personal data and the impact of your rights and interests with your consent.
4. How we use users’ personal data
We use your personal data in the following manner:
Type of personal data
Usage
Including all types of personal data described in paragraphs (1) to (3) of Article 3 of this Policy
Basic business functions: Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically send. We use your personal data to display ads on your device through automatic decision making process. We use de-identification techniques and algorithms based on machine learning, model prediction, and more. Ads may be shown to you based on information we legally collected such as the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your approximate location, your device type and your device status. We may create tag, features and build profile about you and your interest. According to the calculation results of the recommendation algorithm based on the profile, we may show you personalized ads or behavioral ads which are relevant to you and customized to your inferred interests, preferences, approximate locations and other features. Our recommendation algorithm does not identify the true identity of a particular natural person.
We also perform secondary processing of aggregated data in accordance with data security technologies such as de-identification and anonymization, which are commonly implemented in the industry, to form a database of features and tags that cannot identify the true identity of a specific natural person, conduct group analysis, and optimize algorithm training models to better understand and analyze your usage trends and preferences in order to improve the quality of our TopOn Services and develop our new products.
Extended Business Functions: Your device information will be used to collect information about the cause of application crashes for later crash problem solving.
Including all types of personal data described in paragraphs（4）of Article 3 of this Policy
We may collect and use personal data of Users who are representing our Business Partners to use TopOn Service (e.g. employees of publishers or advertisers) for purpose of business contact and direct marking (e.g. sending marketing emails).
Sensitive personal data
We will not collect your sensitive personal data without your consent. Our Business Partners will transmit or authorize us to process your sensitive personal data after notifying you the necessity of processing your sensitive personal data and the impact of your rights and interests with your consent.
5. How we share and disclose users’ personal data
Subject to applicable legal requirements, we may share personal data with third parties based on the following purposes and scenarios:
(1) Share
When we purchase advertising traffic from mobile application developers to provide them with monetization services, or when we act as a programmatic advertising trading platform or traffic supplier platform, we may, in order to fulfill our contractual obligations to business partners, include providing services to the business partners. Partners report on the performance and effectiveness of the ads that users interact with, including statistics on traffic quality, and share users' personal data with our business partners for anti-fraud purposes. The personal data we share is personal data related to advertising performance and effectiveness, such as device information, clicks, impressions, installations or activations. These business partners may use these users’ personal data to count users’ interactions with advertisements/websites. , evaluate the performance and effectiveness of advertisements that users watch or interact with, identify areas of interest to users, and better understand the traffic usage or user behavior of websites and applications to improve their services. The use of information disclosed by us by our business partners is governed by their privacy policies.
We may also use third-party technical service providers (such as cloud service providers) to process personal data in order to ensure the correct and appropriate operation of systems and processes and to store data.
In accordance with the provisions of applicable personal data protection laws, we will not share users' personal data with third parties other than TopOn affiliated companies unless authorized by the user, except when the specific individual cannot be identified after processing and cannot be restored. Users can inquire about the names, contact information and other information of our business partners and third-party technical service providers at privacy@toponad.com.
We may also share aggregated or anonymized information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Type of Third Parties
Type of Information
Processing Purpose and Processing Method
Advertisers, advertising agencies, advertising attribution service providers, advertising demand-side platforms, TopOn affiliates
①Location Information: IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②Device ID/ Avertising ID: IMEI, IMSI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, IDFA，GAID，Amazon ID or MAC address. We will not collect such information if you restrict your device or the app from acquiring device ID or advertising ID according to Article 7 of this Policy.
③ Device Information: device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of battery, device volume and font size, whether the it is an emulator, information of network, information of hardware, information of device sensor, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status, system boot time, device user name, information of storage capacity;
④Application Information: package name of the app of TopOn’s Business Partners, whether it is downloaded from App Store, version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with TopOn’s Service, SDK version, list of installed apps;
⑤Interactive Information: when you view ads served by us or have other interaction with ads served by us, we may collect information about your interaction with such ads, for example, information that you have viewed or clicked an ad.
⑥Others: user-agent.
①for conducting advertising attribution and settlement with advertisers/advertising agencies. In relation to such processing activities of personal data, TopOn acts as a Processor under the GDPR on behalf of the advertisers/advertising agencies to process Users' personal data;
②for monitoring the quality of advertising delivery;
③ for performing precise targeting.
In particular, if a mobile application developer only chooses to use our mediation tool service but does not choose our programmatic advertising exchange service or does not sell its in-app advertising space to us, other advertising SDKs integrated in our SDK need to Obtain the consent of the mobile application developer and have the third-party advertising SDK collect relevant information. The list, name and personal information processing rules of the third-party advertising SDK are as follows:
Advertising platform abbreviation
Name of processing subject
subject Types and fields of personal information
Purpose and scenarios of use
Privacy policy link
Meta
Meta Platforms Inc. Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
The type of information we (here we refer to as Meta) collect and process depends on how you use our products. For example, the information we collect is different for a user who sells furniture on Marketplace and a user who posts a Reels short video on Instagram. Even if you don't have an account, we will collect some information about you whenever you use our products. The information we collect is as follows:
Your updates and the information you provide
Friends, fans and other contacts
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, suppliers and other third parties
Subject to the policy in Meta Privacy Policy
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy
Pangle
Bytedance Pte. Ltd.,
The types of personal data processed by us (here we refer to Pangle) depend on the circumstances of collection and the nature of the services requested or transactions entered into for our partners.
2 When you interact with partner sites, we process certain information about you and your device. This information may be automatically collected from your device using our software code (called a "Software Development Kit" or "SDK") or shared with us by other advertising exchanges (such as Google DoubleClick). We also use cookies (text files inserted into your browser when you visit our partners or clients’ mobile apps and websites) and other tracking technologies that are available on your device.
.3 The information we process about you may include some or all of the following categories:
A. Information automatically obtained from your device
I. Identifiers: We may process device-specific identifiers, such as your IP address, a mobile advertising identifier (such as the "Google Advertising ID" on Android phones or the "Advertiser ID" on iOS devices) or our Pangle specific identifier. The SDK is assigned to your device. The Mobile Advertising Identifier is an identifier provided by your device's operating system that allows companies like Pangle to identify your device across applications for advertising purposes. In addition to the mobile advertising identifier and other similar technologies, Pangle may obtain your device model, operating system (such as iOS or Android), your device's language setting, general geographic area, time zone, network type (such as 5G or WiFi) , your ROM version, screen resolution (to learn which ads work best for your device), mobile country code and mobile network code, and when your device was last updated and launched.
2. Geolocation data: We may infer your approximate geographical location based on the IP address of your device. With your consent or permission under applicable data protection laws, we may also use GPS data from your phone to process your precise latitude and longitude.
3. Internet activity: We may process information about your application and website usage, including the name and version of the application or website that integrates Pangle. We may also process information about your interaction with any advertising we serve (for example, information about the ad served, viewed or clicked on, such as the type of ad, where and when the ad was served, whether you clicked on it and whether you visited the advertiser's website or download of the advertiser's application, as well as any preferences you may express regarding that advertising).
b. Information obtained from other sources
I. From time to time we may receive information about you from other sources. For example, we may receive information about you from third parties (such as advertising exchanges that share data with us to serve ads) if the law permits the third party to disclose this information to us.
2. The information we receive from these sources may include identifiers (such as your IP address or mobile advertising identifiers), information about your Internet activities (such as information about your interactions with third-party websites, applications and advertisements) ) and inferences related to your preferences and information. Characteristics (such as your approximate age and gender).
Subject to the policy in Pangle Privacy Policy
https://www.pangleglobal.com/zh/privacy/enduser-en
Admob & Ad manager
Google LLC and its affiliates
We (herein we refer to Google) collect information about the apps, browsers and devices you use to access Google services to provide useful features such as automatic product updates, dimming the screen when the battery is low, and more.
The information we collect includes unique identifiers, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information (including carrier name and phone number), and application version numbers. We also collect information about how your apps, browsers, and devices interact with Google services, including IP addresses, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer of the corresponding request.
We collect this information when Google services on your device communicate with our servers (for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when the service checks for automatic updates). If you are using an Android device with Google apps installed, your device periodically communicates with Google servers to provide information about your device and its connection to Google services. This information includes your device type and carrier name, crash reports, your installed apps, and other information about how you use your Android device (depending on your device settings).
Subject to the policy in Admob Privacy Policy
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Appnext
Appnext PTE. Ltd,
Device and app information – this category includes your device’s type and model, system language, the device’s operating system (such as Android or iOS), SDK version, mobile carrier name, mobile browsers installed on the device (such as Chrome or Safari), app history and usage information (such as information about running and installed apps on the device), information regarding downloads and installations of mobile applications and any information regarding in-app events (such as in-app purchases), your device’s IP address, and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID, or other types of unique device identifiers (a number uniquely allocated to your device by your device manufacturer).
Ad information – this category includes information about the online ads and personalized content we have served (or attempted to serve) to you. It includes things like how many times an ad has been served to you, what page the ad appeared on, whether you viewed, clicked on or otherwise interacted with the ad, ad engagement history and whether you visited the Advertiser’s website, downloaded an app or purchased the product or service advertised.
Location information – Appnext collects information about your general location (such as city and country). For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location. This information does not tell us where your device is precisely located. This information is sent as a normal part of internet traffic. In addition, we also collect implicit location information, which allows us to infer that you are either interested in a place or that you might be at the place – this information does not actually tell us where your device is precisely located. In addition, Appnext may collect the precise location of your device (using GPS signals, device sensors, Wi-Fi access points, Bluetooth signals, Beacons signals and cell tower ids that can be used to derive or estimate precise location, or other geo-location data), when location services have been enabled by the end user for the mobile app or website that uses our SDK (you typically have to choose to turn on device-based location services).
Log information – this category includes the app or website visited, session start/stop time, time zone, and network connection type (e.g., WiFi, cellular), and cookie information.
Information from advertising partners (“Advertisers”) and other third parties – this category includes information we receive from our Publishers, Advertisers and other Partners that we work with to help us deliver ads and personalized content to you and recognize you across browsers and devices. This may include pseudonymous advertiser identifiers that some Advertisers or other third party ad platforms choose to share with us. This information is also used to enhance data points about a particular unique browser or device.
Subject to the policy in Appnext’s Privacy Policy
https://www.appnext.com/privacy-policy-oem-operators/
Inmobi
InMobi Pte. Ltd.,
InMobi Pte Ltd(a) Device identifiers. Device identifiers are alphanumeric strings that are unique to your device. These include:
iOS devices’ Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and iOS Identifier for Vendors (IDFV)
Google Advertising ID (GAID), or Android ID for Android devices
Identifier for Advertising on OTT and CTV platforms
International mobile equipment identity (IMEI), in certain jurisdiction as permitted by applicable law
Cookie IDs
(b) Location information, including:
Geo-location or precise location of your device if you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
Location information we infer based on data collected through a WiFi identifier that your device is connected to, in accordance with applicable law and provided location access is permitted
Location information we infer from your device’s IP address, provided that we will not infer location from an IP address to a more precise than city-level of accuracy unless you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
(c) Network information, including:
Mobile carrier
Network provider or ISP
Network type (e.g., WiFi or cellular)
IP address
IDs of WiFi access points to which your device is connected
Date and time of connection
(d) Information about apps or sites and our Software Development Kit (SDK), including:
App or site name or version
App identifier
SDK version
API key identifier
Other information about/on your device, including:
Device type (e.g., make and model)
Device startup time and update time
Device name
Screen size
Memory and hard drive capacity
Operating system and version (e.g., iOS 14, Android, Windows, Blackberry)
Mobile browser used (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox)
Language settings (including country code) and time zone
App usage
Device sensor signals (Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Proximity sensor, Orientation/Rotation Vector, Audio Controls Integration)
Advertisement information. We collect information about the ad presented on your device, including:
The content type of the ad (the advertiser and category, e.g. games, finance, entertainment, news)
The ad type (e.g. whether the ad is a text, image, video or other format based)
Where the ad is being served (e.g. the site, digital media or app on which the ad appears)
Whether you viewed, clicked or otherwise interacted with the ad
Survey information. We may ask users to voluntarily participate in online surveys. These surveys help brands improve their products and services offered to you. If you fill out a survey, we may collect your device information described above and information you provide, including your:
Age
Name
Email address
Phone number
Gender
Occupation and income range
Family size and other demographic information
Preference for brands, modes of travel, and other consumer choices.
Other marketing information:
In the context of our Marketing Platform Services, our customers, partners or vendors may also disclose to us certain personal or non-personal information they have separately collected about you during your interaction with their apps, sites or services so that we can effectively provide our Services. This may in the context of websites, including mobile websites, include cookies, other technologies, or other aggregated characteristics or other identifiers related to your device to understand your interaction with such site and to serve certain types of ads relevant to your interests.
Subject to the policy in Inmobi’s Privacy Policy
https://advertising.inmobi.com/privacy-policy
Except as expressly stated in this Policy, we will not disclose User’s personal data to any third party without User’s consent.
We have agreed with the partners who have direct access to the user that the partner will inform the user of the above-mentioned third party information and obtain the user's separate consent.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
(2)Assignmenet:
We will not transfer the user's personal data to any company, organization or individual, except in the following cases:
① We inform the user in advance of the type, purpose, manner and scope of the transfer of personal data and obtain the user's separate consent;
② In the event of a merger, separation, dissolution, bankruptcy, etc. that requires the transfer of personal data, we will inform the user of the name and contact information of the recipient and request the recipient to continue to perform the obligations of the processor of personal data. If the recipient changes the original purpose or method of processing, we will ask the recipient to obtain the user's consent again.
(3)Public Disclosure
We do not publicly disclose the personal data of end users, except in the following cases:
① After informing the user of the type, purpose, manner and scope of the personal data to be publicly disclosed and obtaining the user's separate consent;
② When compelled by laws, regulations, legal proceedings, litigation or government authorities.
6.
International Transfers
When you are located in the European Econocim Area (“EEA”), personal data collected about you will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEA or can be remotely accessed in countries located outside the EEA, including in countries which may not be decided by the European Commission that it provides an adequate level of protection to personal data. We have followed requirements as set out in applicable law to provide adequate protection to your personal data. To the extent as required by applicable law, our Business Partner will obtain your valid consent to the extent for us to transfer your personal data to recipients including TopOn’s affiliates and any other recipients as described in this Policy, which are located outside the EEA. You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
TopOn has entered into EU standard contractual clauses (“Model Contracts”) for intra-group transfers of personal data to its affiliates. You can request a copy of these Model Contracts by submitting your request via email to privacy@toponad.com
7. Your data rights
(1)
If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions as permitted by GDPR): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to them, or a third party, in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA.
(2)
If you are residents of the State of California in the United States, you can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months:
a.
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
b.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
c.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing Personal Information.
d.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose the Personal Information.
e.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
f.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
g.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
h.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
i.
You can ask us to correct inaccuracies of your Personal Information.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination as prohibited by the CCPA. You may (i) submit requests to exercise your California privacy rights described above by writing to us at: privacy@toponad.com or send a written document to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222-3 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China; (ii) opt out of selling or sharing of your data by clicking on the following link: DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY DATA and (iii) submit requests to restrict the use of your sensitive Personal Information by writing to us at: privacy@toponad.com.
When you submit a request we will verify your request by the information you provide (e.g. device ID, company email) according to our internal guidelines. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or a request to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so; and by verifying your own identity with us directly.  We will deny any requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization. For request metrics as designated by the CCPA, please see
here
.
We have sold (as defined under the CCPA) the following categories of Personal Information to the following categories of third parties: please see column “Type of Information” and column “Type of Third Parties” of the 1st line under Article 6(1) (“Sharing”) of this Policy. We do not sell Personal Information of minors under the age of 16 without affirmative authorization.
You can also find a list of the categories of Personal Information that we collect in the “
Information We May Collect From Users
” section above. For details regarding the sources from which we obtain personal information, please see the “
How We Collect Users’ Information
” section above. We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the “
How We Use Users’ Personal Information
” section above.
(3)
If you are a resident of the State of Virginia in the United States, effective January 1, 2023,
or if you are a resident of the State of Colorado or Connecticut in the United States, effective July 1, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
a.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
b.
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
c.
to delete your personal information;
d.
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
e.
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the VCDPA, CPA, and CDPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to privacy@toponad.com and (ii) click on this link to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse  user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to privacy@toponad.com.
(4)
If you are a resident of the State of Utah in the United States, effective December 31, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
a. to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
b. to delete your personal information;
c. to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
d. to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, or (ii) selling your personal information.
As set forth in the UCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to privacy@toponad.com. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to privacy@toponad.com.
(5)
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you have the following rights related to your personal information except when laws and administrative regulations otherwise provide.
a.
Right to be informed, right to decide and right to restrict or refuse processing of your personal information.
b.
Right to access and copy your personal information except in special circumstance provided by law.
c.
Right to request to transfer your personal information to another data handler.
d.
Right to request to revise and supplement your personal information when you notice that the personal information we process is inaccurate or incomplete.
e.
Right to delete your personal information in the following circumstances:
(i)
Where the purpose of processing has been achieved or is unable to be achieved, or the personal information is no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of processing;
(ii)
Where TopOn ceases the provision of its product or service involved, or the retention period has expired;
(iii)
Where consent is withdrawn by the User;
(iv)
Where the processing of personal information by TopOn is in violation of any law, administrative regulations or any agreement; or
(v)
Any other circumstance as provided by law or administrative regulations.
(vi)
If it is technically difficult to delete the personal information, TopOn shall cease the processing of the personal information, except for the storage and any necessary measure taken for security protection.
f.
For the algorithmic services we provide, you have the right to select or delete user tags for your personal characteristics used for such services.
g.
You have the right to request an explanation of this Policy.
h.
You can contact us via privacy@toponad.com and request your data rights.
Setting about Personalized Ads
No matter you are in which country or region, you can opt out personalized ads in the following way:
Guidance of Opt out
You can opt-out from receiving interest-based advertising or behavioural advertising from TopOn on supported devices following the guideline below.
On an iOS device, if you are using iOS 14.5 or above, you can click on "Ask the App Not to Track" in the app's asking pop-up window or manage your "Tracking" settings in [Settings] - [Privacy] . If you ask the App not to track, TopOn will not access your advertising identifiers and will not use advertising identifiers to infer your interests or serve advertisements to target devices based on your inferred interests.
On Android devices, your settings may allow you to “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads.” When you opt out using this setting on a device, TopOn will not use information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests.
You can also manage your personalized advertising settings by clicking on the [Settings] section of the mobile app you have downloaded to find privacy-related settings. If you choose not to allow personalized advertising, TopOn will not use information collected from your device to infer your interests or serve ads to target devices based on inferred interests.
Your mobile web browser may also provide a “Do Not Track” browser setting. When you have enabled this setting in your browser, TopOn will not use mobile web browsing information from that browser to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeting based on your inferred interests.
8. Security of users’ personal data
The security of User’s information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect our data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and other automated software designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for User’s information. Physical access is strictly controlled both at the perimeter and at building ingress points by our staff utilizing video surveillance and other electronic means. We will establish a dedicated security team, security management system, and data security process to safeguard the security of your personal data. We adopt a strict data use and access system to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to your personal data, and conduct security audits of data and technology when appropriate. We will develop emergency handling plans and activate them immediately in the event of a user information security incident, in an effort to prevent the expansion of the impact and consequences of such security incidents. Once a user information security incident (leakage, loss, etc.) has occurred, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations.
We also protect User’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data that we store on our servers in the first place. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data.
TopOn may retain the information relating to you collected from our Business Partners as necessary for the provision of the services, internal analytical purposes, or to comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements (e.g. settlement). We will only keep your personal data for as long as necessary and in any event in relation to personal data collected by us according to this Policy we will only keep this personal data for no less than two (2) years. The criteria used to determine the retention periods include: (i) how long the personal data is needed to provide the services and operate the business; (ii) the type of personal data collected; and (iii) whether we are subject to a legal, contractual or similar obligation to retain the data (e.g., mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation or disputes).
9. Protection for minors
TopOn services are mainly for adults. We do not actively or deliberately collect personal information from minors, nor do we conduct user profiling or personalized recommendations for minors. In the personal information collection scenarios we disclose, we distinguish specific information subjects through device information rather than age. In scenarios where partners transfer and share data with us, we clearly require our partners to formulate special minors' information protection policies in accordance with the law and adopt stricter data desensitization and encryption technology based on the actual conditions of their own products and services. minor.
If the end user is a minor in accordance with applicable laws, please be sure to work carefully under the supervision and guidance of your parents or other guardians before using the developer's application that has integrated TopOn's products and services or the application of the advertiser that cooperates with TopOn for advertising. Read the privacy policy of the developer or advertiser application and this privacy policy, and use the application or provide personal information with the consent of your guardian.
We protect the personal information of minors in accordance with applicable relevant laws and regulations, and will only collect, use, store, share, transfer or otherwise as permitted by law, with explicit consent from parents or other guardians, or as necessary to protect minors. Public Disclosure of Personal Information of Minors. If we discover that we have collected personal information from a minor without first obtaining verifiable parental consent, we will take steps to delete the information as quickly as possible.
If you are a parent or other guardian of a minor, if you have any questions about the personal information of the minor under your custody, please contact us through the contact information disclosed in this privacy policy.
If parents or guardians discover that their children have provided us with their personal information without consent, parents or guardians should contact us promptly. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is removed from our files.
10. Marketing
If you are our Business Partners, we or our affiliates may contact you periodically by e-mail to provide information regarding our products, services and content that may be of interest to you. If applicable law requires that we receive your consent before we send you certain types of marketing communications, we will only send you those types of communications after receiving your consent.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or request to be opted-out of receiving such communications via email to privacy@toponad.com
11. Contact us
If you are located outside mainland China, you can contact our DPO by sending a written request to privacy@toponad.com.
Privacy Policy of Topon Website
1. INTRODUCTION
This Privacy Policy of TopOn Website applies to information collection and use including while you are visiting and using the TopOn Site. According to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), TopOn is the data controller of your personal data.
2. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
As you navigate through this TopOn Site, we may collect information include:
(1) Personal data you voluntarily provide (for example, names, birth dates, numbers or copies of your personal ID card/passport/social security card/driver's license/other license, addresses, telephone numbers, E-mail addresses, occupations, education, work experience, account log-in information, debit or credit card or other payment account information and related information). Among them, numbers or copies of your personal ID card/passport/social security card/driver's license/other license may constitute sensitive personal data under the definition of CCPA; debit or credit card or other collection account information may constitute sensitive personal data under the definition of CCPA.
(2) some information that are not voluntarily provided such as your browser type, domain name, IP address, pages visited, and the length of your user session using various technologies and means, such as Internet Protocol Address, cookies, Internet Tags and navigational data collection.
TopOn is entitled to take measures to validate the authenticity of personal data you provide.
If you give us personal data of somebody else, you should warrant that you have gained their permission to do so.
If you are located outside of mainland China, We may also use Google Analysis that assists us with analysing the usage of our website and help to improve the service quality of our website. For the personal data that may be collected by Google Analysis and its processing activities, please visit: Here
3. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Based on your consent or based on our legitimate interests, we may use your personal data for the following purposes: (i) to provide you with TopOn’s products or services or information; (ii) to sign you up for an event or training; (iii) to contact you and respond to your requests and enquiries; (iv) for business administration, including statistical analysis; (v) to personalize your visit to the TopOn Site and to assist you while you use the Site; (vi) to improve the TopOn Site by helping us understand who uses the Site; or (vii) to periodically provide you with information about our products and services and content that may be of interest to you by email.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the emails or request to be opted-out of receiving such communications via email to privacy@toponad.com
4. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we may disclose User’s personal data to TopOn’s Affiliates and other third parties.
We may use Third-party Technology Service Providers to provide us with services who may have access to your personal data, including companies that assist with programming and technical aspects of hosting and operating the TopOn Site, technical service provider (e.g. Google Analysis) that assists with analyzing the usage of our website, or email service provider.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
We may disclose users' personal data to our affiliates for the purposes set out in this Policy or to promote the products or services of our affiliates to users.
The servers used in the operation of the TopOn Site automatically identify a computer by its IP address. Although, we will not be able to identify the computer using its IP address once you have left the TopOn Site. If we, in good faith, determine that you have or are attempting to misuse or harm the Site, we may investigate and cooperate with appropriate law enforcement agencies to protect our rights or property.
Similarly, we may share your personal data as required or permitted by law to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process or government request, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is legally required or otherwise necessary to protect our rights and property, or the rights, property or safety of others, including to advisers, law enforcement agencies, judicial and regulatory authorities. We may also transfer your personal data to a third party that acquires all or part of our assets or shares, or that succeeds us in carrying on all or a part of our business, whether by merger, acquisition, reorganization or otherwise.
Similarly, we may share your personal data as required or permitted by law to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process or government request, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is legally required or otherwise necessary to protect our rights and property, or the rights, property or safety of others, including to advisers, law enforcement agencies, judicial and regulatory authorities. We may also transfer your personal data to a third party that acquires all or part of our assets or shares, or that succeeds us in carrying on all or a part of our business, whether by merger, acquisition, reorganization or otherwise.
5. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
When you are located in the European Econocim Area (“EEA”), personal data collected about you will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEA or can be remotely accessed in countries located outside the EEA, including in countries which may not be decided by the European Commission that it provides an adequate level of protection to personal data. We have followed requirements as set out in applicable law to provide adequate protection to your personal data. To the extent as required by applicable law, our Business Partner will obtain your valid consent to the extent for us to transfer your personal data to recipients including TopOn’s affiliates and any other recipients as described in this Policy, which are located outside the EEA. You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
TopOn has entered into EU standard contractual clauses ( “Model Contracts”) for intra-group transfers of personal data to its affiliates. You can request a copy of these Model Contracts by submitting your request via email to privacy@toponad.com
6. YOUR DATA RIGHTS
You have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal data which we may have collected. To exercise this right please contact privacy privacy@toponad.com
(1)
If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions as permitted by GDPR): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to them, or a third party, in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA.
(2)
If you are residents of the State of California in the United States, you can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months:
j.
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
k.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
l.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing Personal Information.
m.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose the Personal Information.
n.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
o.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
p.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
q.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
r.
You can ask us to correct inaccuracies of your Personal Information.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination as prohibited by the CCPA. You may (i) submit requests to exercise your California privacy rights described above by writing to us at: privacy@toponad.com or send a written document to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222-3 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China; (ii) opt out of selling or sharing of your data by clicking on the following link: DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY DATA and (iii) submit requests to restrict the use of your sensitive Personal Information by writing to us at: privacy@toponad.com.
When you submit a request we will verify your request by the information you provide (e.g. device ID, company email) according to our internal guidelines. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or a request to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so; and by verifying your own identity with us directly.  We will deny any requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization. For request metrics as designated by the CCPA, please see
here
.
We have sold (as defined under the CCPA) the following categories of Personal Information to the following categories of third parties: please see column “Type of Information” and column “Type of Third Parties” of the 1st line under Article 6(1) (“Sharing”) of this Policy. We do not sell Personal Information of minors under the age of 16 without affirmative authorization.
You can also find a list of the categories of Personal Information that we collect in the “
Information We May Collect From Users
” section above. For details regarding the sources from which we obtain personal information, please see the “
How We Collect Users’ Information
” section above. We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the “
How We Use Users’ Personal Information
” section above.
(3)
If you are a resident of the State of Virginia in the United States, effective January 1, 2023, or if you are a resident of the State of Colorado or Connecticut in the United States, effective July 1, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
f.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
g.
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
h.
to delete your personal information;
i.
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
j.
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the VCDPA, CPA, and CDPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to privacy@toponad.com and (ii) click on this link to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse  user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to privacy@toponad.com.
(4)
If you are a resident of the State of Utah in the United States, effective December 31, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
a. to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
b. to delete your personal information;
c. to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
d. to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, or (ii) selling your personal information.
As set forth in the UCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to privacy@toponad.com. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to privacy@toponad.com.
(5)
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you have the following rights related to your personal information except when laws and administrative regulations otherwise provide.
i.
Right to be informed, right to decide and right to restrict or refuse processing of your personal information.
j.
Right to access and copy your personal information except in special circumstance provided by law.
k.
Right to request to transfer your personal information to another data handler.
l.
Right to request to revise and supplement your personal information when you notice that the personal information we process is inaccurate or incomplete.
m.
Right to delete your personal information in the following circumstances:
(vii)
Where the purpose of processing has been achieved or is unable to be achieved, or the personal information is no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of processing;
(viii)
Where TopOn ceases the provision of its product or service involved, or the retention period has expired;
(ix)
Where consent is withdrawn by the User;
(x)
Where the processing of personal information by TopOn is in violation of any law, administrative regulations or any agreement; or
(xi)
Any other circumstance as provided by law or administrative regulations.
(xii)
If it is technically difficult to delete the personal information, TopOn shall cease the processing of the personal information, except for the storage and any necessary measure taken for security protection.
n.
For the algorithmic services we provide, you have the right to select or delete user tags for your personal characteristics used for such services.
o.
You have the right to request an explanation of this Policy.
p.
You can contact us via privacy@toponad.com and request your data rights.
7. SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The security of User’s information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect our data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and other automated software designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for User’s information. Physical access is strictly controlled both at the perimeter and at building ingress points by our staff utilizing video surveillance and other electronic means.
We also protect User’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data that we store on our servers in the first place. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data.
We will only keep your personal data for as long as necessary and in any event in relation to personal data collected by us on the Site we will only keep this personal data for one (1) year. For personal data collected via Google Analytics the following retention periods apply: Here
8. PROTECTION OF MINORS
The Site does not knowingly collect any personal data from minors. The personal data of any minor you provide shall be agreed by the minor’s parent or guardian in advance. Minor is defined in accordance with the laws applicable to this Policy of TopOn Website.
We process minor’s personal data according to requirements of related laws and regulations. Except as otherwise provided by law, we will only collect, use, store, disclose, or make available to the public the personal data where permitted by law, with consent of parents or other guardians, or for the necessity of protection of the minors. If we notice the collection of personal data of minors without verifiable consent of parents, we will take measures to delete related information as soon as possible.
If you are parents or other guardian of minors, please contact us via the email we provide in this Policy when you have any question regarding to the protection of minors.
If you are Users in the U.S., we ensure that we comply with COPPA. If our business partners (such as Publishers) operate apps directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) or knowingly collect, use or disclose personal data of children under the age of thirteen (13) during our cooperation, they will obtain verifiable parental consent for TopOn to collect, use or disclose such personal data according to this Policy. Further, such business partners must enable the COPPA settings when using the TopOn Services. This allows TopOn to ensure that any persistent identifiers collected about Users of apps that are flagged as “child-directed” will be processed according to the requirements of COPPA, including not being used to serve behaviorally-targeted ads or track users for such purposes in violation of COPPA. In addition, we will not knowingly collect any other personal data (such as the precise geo-location of Users’ devices) from Users of Apps that we know to be directed to children under the age of thirteen (13).
If you are Users in California U.S.,we ensure that we comply with CCPA. We will not sell or conduct targeted advertising with the data of consumers under the age of 16, unless there is explicit opt-in consent. If the request for consent is declined, we will not ask again for 12 months. Minors under the age of 13 must get permission from a parent or guardian to opt-in.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
9. USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
TopOn may use cookies or other technology (collectively “Cookies”) to collect certain information about you when you are visiting the Site. Please read our Cookies Policy for more details.
10. OUTSIDE SITES AND LINKING
The Site may contain links and pointers to other sites on the Internet that are owned or operated by third party vendors and other third parties (the “ Outside Sites “). TopOn is not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any Outside Site, including any webcasting or other form of transmission received from any Outside Sites. You should contact the site administrator or Webmaster for those Outside Sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such Outside Sites. TopOn permits certain third party links to the home page of its Site, provided that TopOn is provided with notice of such links and does not thereafter object to such linking. TopOn a reserves the right to revoke unilaterally any consent that it may at any time give to any linkage, including linkages to the home page. The Outside Sites are being provided to you only as a convenience and any link or pointer contained on this Site does not imply endorsement of the Outside Sites.
11. COPYRIGHT
All Site content, design, text, graphics, images, logos, buttons, icons, interfaces, audio and video clips, and the selection and arrangements thereof are the exclusive property of TopOn, or its respective content providers, and are protected by Singapore and international copyright laws. All software used on the Site is the property of TopOn or its respective software suppliers, and such software is protected by Hong Kong SAR and international copyright laws and other applicable laws and treaties. Users of this Site shall not transmit/post any information to this Site that infringes the copyright or other intellectual property rights of others.
12. TRADEMARKS
All trademarks, service marks and trade names used on the Site (collectively the “Marks“) are solely owned by TopOn. The Marks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not a product or service of TopOn or that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or that in any manner disparages or discredits TopOn.
13. ONLINE CONDUCT
Any conduct by a person that in TopOn ‘s sole discretion restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Site, is prohibited. You agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes and in accordance with that prohibition. You agree that you will not post on the Site or transmit any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including, but not limited to, any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law.
14. TERMINATION OF USAGE
TopOn may, without incurring any liability to you, terminate access by you or suspend any access to all or part of the Site, without notice, for any conduct that TopOn, in its sole discretion, believes is in violation of any applicable law or this Agreement, or is harmful to the interests of another user, a third-party, a merchant, a sponsor, a licensor, a service provider, or the Site.
Due to the rapidly evolving technologies on the Internet, we may occasionally update this Policy. All revisions will be posted to this website
www.toponad.com
15. CONTACT US
If you are located outside mainland China, you can contact our DPO by sending a written request to privacy@toponad.com.
Was this helpful?
Yes
No
Give feedback about this article
Previous
Privacy policy
Next
Mediation Network Guide
Last modified: 2025-02-19
Powered by
Getting Started
Introduction
Get Started with TopOn
Introduction to Basic Terms and Data Indicators
Topon Account Management
Platform Guide
Performance
Application
Mediation Management
Ad Source
Segment
Header bidding
Advanced Setting
Mediation data
Network Setting
Report
Full Report
Cohorts Report
Funnel Report
User Engagement report
Hourly Report
Cross Promotion Report
ROI Report
Direct Offers Report
Monitoring And Alarm
Advanced
A/B Test
Log Analysis
Upload Network Report Data
Cross Promotion
Direct Offer
Operation Log
Sub-account Management
Advertising Optimization & Data Troubleshooting
Waterfall and optimization tips
Data gap troubleshooting
Data Fluctuation Troubleshooting
Other Data Issues
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Mediation Network Guide
Mediation Overview
Ad Format Mapping
Meta
Admob
Inmobi
Applovin
Mintegral
Tencent
Chartboost
ironSource
UnityAds
Liftoff(Vungle)
CSJ
Baidu Union Ads
Nend
Maio
Start.io
Kuaishou Ads
VK（myTarget）
Google Ad Manager
Yandex
Ogury
Digital Turbine(Fyber)
Huawei Ads
Kidoz
A4G(Admob)
Pangle
ReklamUp
Verve Group
Bigo Ads
Amazon Publisher Services(APS)
Kwai Network
Helium
Adcolony
TopOn ADX
(Unity) Integrate TopOn via MAX custom network adapter
Sellers.json and Ads.txt
TopOn Adx Client Bidding Integration
Integrate TopOn ADX with MAX Mediation
TapTap
Mi Uion
Klevin
JAD
Sigmob
Custom Network
Network API Time Zone
Smaato
Bidmachine
SDK Integration Guides
Android
Integration
AD Formats
Rewarded Ads
Interstitial Ads
Customized Interstitial Ad
Splash Ads
Best practices for Splash Ads
Customized Splash ads
Banner Ads
Customized banner ads
Native Ads
Notes for Native Self-Rendering Ads
In-Stream Video Ads
Advanced
Fully automatic loading
Custom Network
Rewarded Ads
Interstitial Ads
Banner Ads
Native Ads
Splash Ads
Customize Client Bidding Network
AdMob Content mapping for apps
TopOn ADX reports OAID
Revenue Reporting
Revenue reporting for v6.3.70 and below
Privacy Policy
Privacy Configurations
Google UMP
Google Data Security Guidelines
Testing Networks
How to Test
Error Codes
TopOn Demo App
iOS Guide
integrated
AD Formats
Rewarded video ad
Interstitial Ad
Custom interstitial ads
Splash ad
Best practices for splash Ads
Customized splash ads
Banner Ad
Custom banner ads
Native Ad
Advanced
Fully automatic loading
Rewarded video ads
Interstitial Video
Custom parameters
Custom advertising platform
Basic process
Rewarded video
Interstitials
Splash ads
Banner ads
native advertising
Custom advanced configuration
WeChat mini program support
Privacy Policy
Privacy Information Statement
Privacy Configurations
Google UMP Adaptation Usage Guide
Test
How to test ads
Testing tools (Beta)
Test ID
Callback description
SDK>=6.3.61 callback description
SDK<6.3.61 callback description
Error code
Q&A
FAQ troubleshooting guide
Compilation and listing issues
Not filling or loading failure
Native AD exception
Banner AD exception
Splash AD exception
Rewarded AD and Interstitial exception
iOS SDK access FAQs
iOS14.5+ support
Unity Guide
Integrated Basic Description
SDK import instructions
TopOn Unity3D Plugin (2.0.0+) import instructions
Unity SDK initialization
Rewarded Video Ad
Fully automatic loading of incentive videos
Interstitial ad
Fully automatic loading of interstitial ads
Banner Ad
Native
Splash ad
Callback information description
Error codes and FAQ
Policy compliance
Google UMP SDK Gudelines
Privacy Compliance Guide
Set up GDPR
Integration Testing
Testing Guide
Testing tools
Flutter Guide
Import and configure
Initialization instructions
Splash ads
Rewarded video
Interstitials ads
banner ads
native ads
Callback information
FAQ and error codes
Download Flutter files
Cocos Creator Guide
Import and configure
Initialization instructions
Rewarded video
Interstitials ads
Banner ads
Native ads
Callback information
FAQ and error codes
React Native Guide
Import and configure
Initialization instructions
Rewarded video
Interstitials ads
Banner ads
Callback information
FAQ and error codes
Advanced Features
Scenario AD scene
Segment
cold start strategy
SDK preset strategy
Server-side rewarded
Open API Guide
Demo
Authentication
Error Code
Management API
App API
Placement API
Segment API
Waterfall API
Network API
Adsource API
A/B Test
Reporting API
Full report
Ltv 1-60 days report
Retention 2-60 day report
Device Reporting API
Impression And Click Device report
Upload revenue report
Appendix
APP category and sub category enum
Segment rule enum
Detailed parameters of network
Powered by
Outline
中文
Sub-policy 5
https://www.mintegral.com/cn/privacy:
MINTEGRAL隐私政策
MINTEGRAL服务隐私政策
MINTEGRAL网站隐私政策
MINTEGRAL隐私政策
2024年9月14日
Mintegral主体（点击
此处
可查看根据可适用法律的规定应当披露的Mintegral主体的名称和联系方式，以下统称为“Mintegral”或“我们”）提供本隐私政策以介绍我们如何收集、使用以及共享信息。本隐私政策（以下简称“政策”）将介绍Mintegral对下列两类信息的处理：
(1)Mintegral提供服务过程中收集到的信息，包括：（i）Mintegral通过其提供的软件开发包（“SDK”）、应用程序接口（“API”）、平台、服务或技术从移动应用开发商、广告信息交换平台、媒介方平台、广告聚合平台等流量提供方收集到的终端用户的设备信息；（ii）Mintegral通过其SDK、API或其他技术方式收集的，或其商业合作伙伴（如移动应用开发者、广告主等，下称“商业合作伙伴”）或其指定的第三方收集并传输给Mintegral的关于终端用户与广告之间的互动信息；（iii）Mintegral商业合作伙伴或其指定的第三方收集并传输给Mintegral的终端用户的设备信息以及该用户使用该商业合作伙伴的应用、网站、平台或其他服务时产生的信息；（iv）Mintegral商业合作伙伴在使用Mintegral提供的平台、技术、服务过程中提供给Mintegral的信息。在Mintegral服务隐私政策中，本段所称的终端用户统称为“用户”或“您”，Mintegral所提供的SDK、API、其他任何技术、平台或服务，统称为“Mintegral服务”。
点击以下链接，
访问
关于此类信息
收集过程中的
未成年人保护
。
(2)我们通过以下网站而从网站访问者（在Mintegral网站隐私政策中，简称“访问者”或“您”）处收集的信息：（i）我们的网站
www.mintegral.com
,
www.mintegral.net
或其他载有本政策的网站；以及（ii）为提供我们的服务而由我们向潜在客户或商业合作伙伴所提供的任何网站。
点击以下链接，
访问关于此类信息收集过程中的
未成年人保护
。
本隐私政策受Mintegral与您的服务协议的约束。在使用Mintegral服务或Mintegral网站前，请阅读本隐私政策。在使用Mintegral服务或Mintegral网站时，您确认您已经阅读、理解并同意本隐私政策。
为了进一步完善我们的隐私政策和服务，我们会不定期对本隐私政策进行修订。我们会至少每12个月对本隐私政策进行检查及必要的更新。
数据保护以及保证业务合作伙伴和您的信任是Mintegral业务原则的核心。因此，遵守适用的数据保护法规是我们的重要任务，本政策已更新并符合可适用的数据保护法律的要求，包括但不限于欧盟通用数据保护法规（“GDPR”）、美国儿童在线隐私保护法（“COPPA”）、
巴西通用数据保护法（“LGPD”）、中华人民共和国大陆地区与个人信息保护相关的法律法规（
“
中国个人信息保护法
”），
以及美国各州隐私法（
“美国各州隐私法”）
，其中包括：《加利福尼亚州客户隐私法》（
“
CCPA
”）
、《弗吉尼亚州消费者数据保护法》（
“
VCDPA
”）
、《科罗拉多州隐私法》（
“
CPA
”）
、《犹他州消费者隐私法》（
“
UCPA
”）
、《康涅狄格州数据保护法》（
“
CDPA
”）
、《俄勒冈州消费者隐私法》（
“
OCPA
”）
和《德克萨斯州数据隐私与安全法》（
“
TDPSA
”）
。
就本隐私政策之目的，“受托处理者”指的是中国个人信息保护法下的受托处理者，
除
CCPA
外的
美国各州隐私法
下
的处理者（“Processor”），以及CCPA下的服务提供者（“Service Provider”）；而“个人信息处理者”指的是《中华人民共和国个人信息保护法》下的个人信息处理者，
除
CCPA
外的
美国各州隐私法
下
的控制者（“Controller”），以及CCPA下的公司（“Business”）。
MINTEGRAL服务隐私政策
1．介绍
本隐私政策描述的是Mintegral在以下情景下的信息收集和信息使用行为：（i）用户浏览由Mintegral服务提供的广告或以任何方式使用Mintegral服务；（ii）用户使用Mintegral的商业合作伙伴提供的平台、应用、网站或其他服务；（iii）商业合作伙伴使用Mintegral服务。
除本隐私政策明确说明外，
在提供服务的过程中，
M
i
ntegral
作为
GDPR
定义下的控制者处理用户的个人信息。
我们的技术使我们的合作伙伴能够向用户展示更多与用户的兴趣和行为相关的广告。为提供Mintegral服务，我们可能会收集和使用与用户的活动和爱好有关的信息。我们明白用户个人信息的保密非常重要，尤其是在当今的互联网时代。为此，我们以一个便于浏览和阅读的方式制定了本政策，以使您能清晰理解我们的隐私保护规定。
Mintegral服务可能链接到第三方的网站、应用或其他第三方的内容。请注意我们无法控制第三方对用户信息的处理，以及第三方可能存在不同于本隐私政策所述的隐私保护规定。
2．我们如何收集用户的信息
基于用户使用Mintegral服务或任何Mintegral的商业合作伙伴提供的服务的性质，我们可能会直接或通过我们的商业合作伙伴（例如：移动应用开发商、广告信息交换平台、媒介方平台、广告主）收集信息。例如：（1）当我们在移动应用中嵌入SDK时，我们会通过SDK获取到用户的信息；（2）当我们与广告信息交换平台或者媒介方平台合作，广告信息交换平台或者媒介方平台向我们的需求方平台发送广告需求时，其可能会与我们分享用户的信息；（3）我们的广告主或其使用的第三方归因平台会将用户信息共享给我们。
因此，在提供Mintegral服务的过程中，我们没有直接和用户建立联系。我们将通过Mintegral的商业合作伙伴（如使用Mintegral的SDK的移动应用开发商、广告主等）获得用户就个人信息收集和使用的授权同意。我们在与Mintegral商业合作伙伴的合作协议中，已要求其承诺并保证数据来源的合法性，且其将根据适用法律的要求向用户告知我们处理个人信息的具体情况，并获得用户的有效同意（必要时获取适用法律要求的单独同意），且保证用户可以随时撤销该等同意。
3．我们可能会收集到的用户的信息
当您浏览由Mintegral服务提供的广告或使用Mintegral的商业合作伙伴提供的服务时，我们和/或我们的商业合作伙伴可能会收集您的信息。
（1）当我们通过SDK收集信息时，我们收集的信息类型可能包括：
①位置信息：IP地址，国家，时区和区域设置（国家和首选语言）；
②
设备
/
广告
ID
：国际移动设备识别码（
IMEI
）、安卓
ID
、
OAID
、
IDFV
，移动广告标识符（
如苹果
IDFA
、
谷歌广告
ID
及
亚马逊
ID
）
、
M
AC
地址、
国际移动用户识别码
（
IMSI
）
。注：如您依据本政策第
7
条限制了您的设备或应用软件获取您的设备
/
广告
ID
，则我们将不会收集相应的信息；
③设备信息：设备生产商，设备型号，设备的操作系统信息，设备类型，设备屏幕信息，设备电池信息，设备音量及字体大小，是否为模拟器，设备网络信息，设备硬件信息，设备传感器信息，限制广告追踪（LAT）状态，手机开机时间，手机用户名摘要，设备存储容量信息；
④应用信息：Mintegral合作方的应用包名，应用版本和特性，是否为App Store下载，SDK版本，已安装应用列表；
特别说明：针对中国大陆地区的安卓用户，对于下载类广告，会在展示之前判断您是否已安装该广告所推广的产品，如已安装，我们将不会展示该广告（我们称其为展示过滤），并在下次您的设备请求广告时通知服务端不再返回对应的广告，进而提高用户体验。Mintegral仅在此场景下会将被“展示过滤”的广告的相关信息进行上报，不会收集除此之外的其他已安装应用的信息。
⑤使用数据：当您与我们推广的广告发生互动，我们会收集到您与该广告互动的行为，如浏览、点击了该广告的相关信息。
⑥其他信息：设备事件信息（如系统崩溃，系统活动），时间戳，您提出请求的日期和时间以及来源网址，用户代理，TCF字符串。
特别说明：TCF字符串是一种机器可读的字符串，由IAB Europe公司定义，编码了您对我们个人信息处理目的的同意选择。关于TCF字符串的更多信息，您可以访问
IAB Europe网站
了解。为免疑义，我们仅当您位于欧洲经济区时，会收集您的TCF字符串信息。
（2）
当您浏览、点击了我们所推广的广告后，下载并使用了该广告所推广的产品（如应用），则我们会从广告主或广告主指定的第三方
归因平台
处收集到
以下信息：
①位置信息：IP地址，国家，城市；
②设备/广告ID：IMEI、OAID、IDFV，
移动广告标识符（如苹果
IDFA
、
谷歌广告
ID
及亚马逊
ID
），
MAC地址；
③设备信息：设备生产商，设备型号，设备的操作系统信息，设备语言，设备类型，设备网络信息，设备运营商；
④应用信息：应用版本；
⑤使用数据：安装事件或其他事件发生的时间戳；
⑥其他信息：用户代理。
我们还可能从广告主所合作的聚合平台处收集到以下信息：
①位置信息：IP地址，国家，城市；
②设备/广告ID：IMEI、OAID、IDFV，
移动广告标识符（如苹果
IDFA
、
谷歌广告
ID
及亚马逊
ID
）
，
MAC地址；
③设备信息：设备生产商，设备型号，设备的操作系统信息，设备语言，设备类型，设备网络信息，设备运营商；
④应用信息：应用包名；
⑤使用数据：变现事件发生的时间戳；
⑥其他信息：用户代理。
（3）当Mintegral作为广告需求方平台（“DSP”）时，广告信息交换平台或者媒介方平台可能会通过API向我们传输您的个人信息，可能包括：
①位置信息：IP地址，国家，时区和区域设置（国家和首选语言）；
②设备/广告ID：国际移动设备识别码（IMEI）、安卓ID、OAID、IDFV，移动广告标识符（如苹果IDFA、谷歌广告ID
及亚马逊
ID
）、MAC地址；
③设备信息：设备屏幕信息，设备生产商，设备型号，设备的操作系统信息，设备类型，设备网络信息，限制广告追踪（LAT）状态等；
④应用信息：用户使用Mintegral服务时所用的手机应用的应用版本和特性，用户代理等；
⑤使用数据：当您与我们推广的广告发生互动，我们会收集到您与我们所推广的广告发生互动的信息，如浏览、点击了该广告的相关信息；
⑥其他广告信息交换平台或者媒介方平台传输的信息。
我们会与具有良好声誉的广告信息交换平台或者媒介方平台（包括但不限于Google Doubleclick）进行合作。广告信息交换平台或者媒介方平台接收到带有您的个人信息的广告请求后，在法律允许的情况下，将个人信息传输给Mintegral用于建立您的画像、个性化您的广告体验，并在之后在互联网上向您投放广告。
（4）我们向我们的商业合作伙伴提供Mintegral服务时，我们可能会收集代表该等商业合作伙伴使用Mintegral服务的联系人的姓名、职位、邮箱地址、联系地址以及其访问Mintegral官网时所使用的用户名称和密码、IP地址。
关于敏感个人信息
敏感个人信息通常是指一旦泄露或者非法使用，容易导致自然人的人格尊严受到侵害或者人身、财产安全受到危害的个人信息，其范围根据不同适用法律的规定会所有不同。
未经您的同意，我们不会收集您的敏感个人信息。我们的商业合作伙伴将在向您充分告知处理敏感个人信息的必要性以及对个人权益的影响并依法征得您的同意后，才会向我们传输或授权我们处理您的敏感个人信息。
4．我们如何使用用户的个人信息
我们按照如下目的使用用户的个人信息：
个人信息的种类
使用方式
设备信息
包括本隐私政策第3条第（1）至（3）项所描述的所有个人信息类型
基本业务功能
：
基于设备信息，您的设备将被我们从其他设备中识别出来，我们会使用您的设备信息在您的设备上以自动化决策的方式投放广告。我们采用去标识化技术和基于机器学习、模型预测等的推荐算法，对您或您的兴趣生成标签、特征、建立画像，并基于该画像和推荐算法的计算结果向您投放与您相关的，符合您的兴趣偏好、大概位置或其他特征的个性化广告或行为广告。我们的推荐算法并不会识别特定自然人的真实身份。
我们也会按照业界普遍实施的去标识化、匿名化等数据安全技术对聚合性数据进行二次加工，形成无法识别特定自然人真实身份的特征和标签数据库，开展群体性分析，优化算法训练模型，从而更好理解和分析您的使用趋势和爱好，以提高我们的Mintegral服务质量、开发我们的新产品。
扩展业务功能：您的设备信息将用于收集应用程序崩溃时的原因信息，进行后期崩溃问题的解决。
联系信息
包括本隐私政策第3条第（4）项所描述的所有个人信息类型
我们可能会收集和使用那些代表我们的合作伙伴而使用Mintegral服务的用户（如我们的移动应用开发商或者广告主的员工）的个人信息，并用于与他们进行商业联系或向他们进行直接营销（如发送营销邮件）。
敏感个人信息
/
未经您的同意，我们不会收集您的敏感个人信息。
我们的商业合作伙伴将在向您充分告知处理敏感个人信息的必要性以及对个人权益的影响并依法征得您的同意后，才会向我们传输或授权我们处理您的敏感个人信息。
5．我们处理用户个人信息的法律基础
（1）根据适用法律的要求，我们通过合同约定由我们的商业合作伙伴（如使用Mintegral的SDK的移动应用开发商、广告主等）会代表我们就本隐私政策所描述的处理行为征得用户或其员工的同意。用户或其员工可以随时撤销同意。
（2）根据法律法规的规定，以下是征得用户同意的例外情形：
①
为订立、履行与
用户
的合同所必需；
②　为履行我们的法定义务所必需；
③　为应对突发公共卫生事件, 或者紧急情况下为保护用户的生命健康和财产安全所必需；
④　为公共利益实施新闻报道、舆论监督等行为, 在合理的范围内处理用户的个人信息；
⑤　依照法律规定在合理的范围内处理用户自行公开或者其他已经合法公开的个人信息。
（3）如果您位于欧洲经济区内，在必要的情况下，我们会基于GDPR规定的“合法利益”使用您的个人信息。我们的合法利益包括如下：监控及防止欺诈行为，排除系统运行的技术障碍，保证系统及流程的正确和安全的运行。
6．我们如何共享、委托处理、转让、公开披露、传输用户的个人信息
（一）共享
我们可能会基于以下使用目的、使用场景向第三方共享个人信息：
编号
第
三方类型
第三方
信息
信息
类型
处理目的及处理方式
1.
广告主、广告代理、广告归因服务商、广告需求方平台
详见
第三方名单
①位置信息：IP地址；
②设备/广告ID：国际移动设备识别码（IMEI）、安卓ID、OAID、IDFV，移动广告标识符（
如苹果
IDFA、
谷歌广告
ID
及亚马逊
ID
）、MAC地址；
③设备信息：设备生产商，设备型号，设备的操作系统信息，设备类型，设备屏幕信息，设备电池信息，设备音量及字体大小，是否为模拟器，设备网络信息，设备传感器信息，限制广告追踪（LAT）状态，手机开机时间，手机用户名摘要；
④应用信息：Mintegral合作方的应用包名，应用版本和特性，是否为App Store下载，SDK版本；
⑤使用数据：当您与我们推广的广告发生互动，我们会收集到您与该广告互动的行为，如浏览、点击了该广告的相关信息；
⑥其他信息：用户代理。
①用于进行广告归因
并与
广告主
/
广告代理进行结算
（就该等个人信息处理活动而言，
Mintegral
作为
处理者代表广告主
/
广告代理处理用户的个人信息
）
；
②用于监测广告投放质量；
③用于进行精准投放
2.
Mintegral的关联公司
详见
Mintegral关联公司
本隐私政策第3条第（1）至（3）项所描述的所有个人信息类型
我们的关联公司内部用于进行数据分析以提高服务质量，以及向其客户提供基于统计级数据的分析服务
3.
详见
Mintegral关联公司
本隐私政策第3条第（4）项所描述的所有个人信息类型
用于向用户推广我们关联公司的产品或服务
除本隐私政策明确表述之外，除非经过用户的授权同意，我们不会向其他第三方共享用户的个人信息。
我们已和直接接触用户的合作方进行约定，由合作方告知用户上述第三方的信息，并征得用户的单独同意。
我们也可能根据本隐私政策的条款与其他第三方分享汇总的或匿名的信息。
（二）委托处理
第三方类型
第三方名称及联系方式
信息类型
处理目的及处理方式
云服务提供商
详见
云服务提供商
本隐私政策第3条所提到的所有信息类型
响应广告请求；保证系统和流程的正确和适当的运行；存储数据
除本隐私政策明确表述之外，我们不会委托其他第三方处理用户的个人信息。
（
三
）
转让
我们不会将用户的个人信息转移给任何公司、组织和个人, 但以下情况除外：
1.
1.
事先告知用户转移个人信息的种类、目的、方式和范围
并获得用户的单独同意；
2. 如涉及合并、分立、解散、被宣告破产等原因需要转移个人信息的, 我们会向用户告知接收方的名称或者姓名和联系方式, 并要求接收方继续履行个人信息处理者的义务。接收方变更原先的处理目的、处理方式的, 我们会要求接收方重新取得用户的同意。
（
四
）
公开披露
我们不会公开披露终端用户的个人信息, 但以下情况除外:
1. 告知用户公开披露的个人信息的种类、目的、方式和范围并获得用户的单独同意后；
2. 在法律法规、法律程序、诉讼或政府主管部门强制要求的情况下。
（五）
国际传输
1. 如果您位于欧洲经济区内，我们收集到的关于您的信息将被传输到位于欧洲经济区以外的国家或将可在该等国家远程访问，包括中国、美国以及其他同样未被欧盟委员会认定为是对个人信息提供了适当程度保护措施的国家，但我们会根据适用法律的要求对该等个人信息提供合适的保护措施。如有法律要求，我们的商业合作伙伴（如使用Mintegral的SDK的移动应用开发商、广告主等）会为此征得您关于将您的个人信息传输到欧洲经济区以外，包括传输给Mintegral、Mintegral的关联公司或本隐私政策规定下的其他接受方的同意。您可以随时撤销您的同意。
为了将个人信息传输至Mintegral的关联公司，Mintegral已经签订《欧盟标准合同条款》（“标准合同”）。您可以通过发送邮件到
privacy@mintegral.com
要求获得一份标准合同的副本。
2. 如您位于中华人民共和国大陆地区，我们根据本政策收集的关于您的个人信息，将存储在中华人民共和国大陆地区。
我们
不会将您的个人信息
传输至
境外
。
如果我们的
商业合作伙伴
将您的个人信息传输至境外，
我们的
商业合作伙伴
应
独自负责
履行数据出境相关的合规义务，向
您
告知境外接收方的名称或者姓名、联系方式、处理目的、处理方式、个人信息的种类以及个人向境外接收方行使法定权利的方式和程序以及其他法律要求事项
，
应征得
您
的单独同意，履行法律法规规定的评估程序，并满足法律法规所规定的其他条件。
7．您的信息权利
如果您位于欧洲经济区内，您享有以下权利（受限于GDPR所规定的少数例外）：（i）查阅、修改或删除个人信息；（ii）限制或拒绝处理您的个人信息；以及（iii）要求向他人或第三方提供个人信息的电子版副本。同时，您有权就您的个人信息处理问题向欧洲经济区当地的数据保护部门发起投诉。
如果您是美国加利福尼亚州的居民，
您可以询问我们在过去
12
个月内收集和使用您的个人资料的情况，具体包括：
我们已经收集到的个人信息的种类。
我们收集个人信息的来源的种类。
我们收集、销售和/或共享个人信息的商事或商业目的。
与我们披露个人信息的第三方的种类。
我们为商业目的出售、共享或披露的个人信息种类。
我们为商业目的向其出售、共享或披露的个人信息的第三方。
您的权利。您可以要求我们提供在过去12个月内收集的有关您的个人资料的副本。
您可以要求我们删除我们从您处收集到的个人信息。
您可以要求我们更正您的个人信息。
如CCPA所规定的，您有权不受歧视地行使上述权利。
您可以（i）通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求或者向以下地址寄送书面文件：中国广东省广州市天河区兴民路222号之三4312房法务部，以行使您上述加州隐私权利；（ii）点击以下链接，要求禁止出售
或共享
您的数据：
请勿出售或共享我的数据
；以及（iii）通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求要求限制使用您的敏感个人信息。
当您提交请求时，我们将通过您提供的信息（如设备ID、公司电子邮件等），按照我们的内部指引核实您的请求。您可以指定一名授权代理，通过向授权代理提供书面许可，以及直接向我们核实您本人的身份，来提出访问或删除您个人信息的请求。我们将拒绝未提交授权证明的代理提出的任何请求。我们将拒绝未提交授权证明的代理人的任何请求。有关CCPA指定的请求指标，请参阅
此处
。
如CCPA所定义的，我们已向以下类别的第三方销售以下类别的个人信息：请参阅本政策第6(1)条（"共享"）下第一行中的“信息类型”和“第三方类型”列。我们不会未经明确授权销售16岁以下未成年人的个人信息。
您还可以在上述的
“我们可能会收集到的用户的信息”
部分找到我们收集的个人信息的类别列表。有关我们获取个人信息的来源的详细信息，请参阅上述的
“我们如何收集用户的信息”
部分。我们根据上述的
“我们如何使用用户的个人信息”
部分中描述的业务或商业目的收集和使用个人信息。
如果您是（i）
美国弗吉尼亚州的居民（自2023年1月1日起生效），或者
（ii）
是美国科罗拉多州的居民（自2023年7月1日起生效），
或者
（
iii
）
是美国康涅狄格州的居民（自
2023
年
7
月
1
日起生效），
或者
（
iv
）
是美国德克萨斯州的居民（自
2024
年
7
月
1
日起生效）
您可以向我们行使以下个人信息权利：
确认我们是否正在处理您的个人信息，并访问这些个人信息；
纠正您个人信息中的不准确之处；
删除您的个人信息；
获得您提供给我们的个人信息的副本；以及
要求拒绝我们为以下目的处理您的个人信息：(i)个性化广告，(ii)出售您的个人信息，或(iii)对您产生重大法律或类似影响的用户画像。
如VCDPA
、
CPA
、
CDPA
和
TDPSA
所规定的，您有权不受歧视地行使上述权利。
您可以（i）通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求，以行使您上述个人信息权利；以及（ii）点击
此链接
，要求禁止个性化广告、禁止出售您的个人信息、禁止对您产生重大法律或类似影响的用户画像。如果您行使上述权利时未能提供有效的信息以供我们进行有效的反馈等，我们可能会拒绝您的权利行使，如果您有不同意见的，可以进一步向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面申诉。
如果您是美国犹他州的居民，自2023年12月31日起，您可以向我们行使以下个人信息权利：
确认我们是否在处理您的个人信息，并访问该个人信息；
删除您的个人信息；
获取您向我们提供的个人信息的副本；以及
要求拒绝我们为以下目的处理您的个人信息：(i) 个性化广告，或 (ii) 出售您的个人信息。
如UCPA所规定的，您有权不受歧视地行使上述权利。
您可以通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求，以行使您上述个人信息权利。如果您行使上述权利时未能提供有效的信息以供我们进行有效的反馈等，我们可能会拒绝您的权利行使，如果您有不同意见的，可以进一步向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面申诉。
如果您是美国俄勒冈州的居民（自2024年7月1日起生效），您可以向我们行使以下个人信息权利:
确认我们是否正在处理您的个人信息，并访问该个人信息；
获取我们向其披露个人信息的第三方名单；
纠正您个人资料中的任何不准确之处；
删除您的个人信息；
获取您提供给我们的个人信息的副本；以及
要求拒绝我们为以下目的处理您的个人信息：（i）个性化广告，或（ii）出售您的个人信息，或（iii）对您产生重大法律或类似影响的用户画像。
如OCPA所规定的，您有权不受歧视地行使上述权利。
您可以（i）通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求，以行使上述个人信息权利；以及（ii）点击
此链接
，要求拒绝个性化广告、拒绝销售您的个人信息，以及拒绝对您产生重大法律或类似影响的用户画像。如果您在行使上述权利时未能提供有效信息以便我们进行有效反馈等，我们可能会剥夺您的权利行驶。如果您有不同意见的，可以进一步向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面申诉。
如果您是中华人民共和国大陆地区的用户，除非法律、行政法规另有规定，您对个人信息的处理享有以下权利： （1）知情权、决定权、有权限制或拒绝对您的个人信息进行处理。
（2）除法律规定的特殊情况以外，您有权查阅、复制您的个人信息。
（3）您有权请求将您的个人信息转移至您指定的个人信息处理者。
（4）如您发现我们处理的关于您的个人信息不准确或者不完整的，您有权请求更正、补充。
（5）在下列情形下，您有权请求删除您的个人信息：
处理目的已实现，无法实现或者为实现处理目的不再必要；
Mintegral停止提供产品或服务，或者保存期限已届满；
您撤回同意；
Mintegral违反法律、行政法规或违反约定处理个人信息的；
法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。
如删除您的个人信息从技术上难以实现的，Mintegral将停止除存储和采取必要的安全保护措施之外的处理。
（6）就我们提供的算法推荐服务，您有权选择或者删除用于该等服务的针对您个人特征的用户标签。
（7）您有权要求我们对本隐私政策进行解释说明。
您可以通过发送邮件到
privacy@mintegral.com
联系我们并提出您的权利请求。
个性化广告的设置
如果您位于中华人民共和国境内，您可以通过点击
此处
管理您看到的Mintegral的广告并对个性化广告进行设置。
不论您位于哪个国家或地区，您都可以通过以下方式退出与您兴趣有关的广告。
关于退出的指引
您可以在支持相关功能的设备上按照下述指引选择拒绝接收由Mintegral发出的与您兴趣有关的广告或行为广告。
在iOS设备上，如您使用的是iOS 14.5或以上的版本，您可以在App的询问弹窗处点击“要求App不跟踪”或在【设置】-【隐私】处管理您的“跟踪”设置。如您要求APP不跟踪，则Mintegral不会访问您的广告标识符，也不会使用广告标识符去推测您的兴趣或者基于所推测的您的兴趣而向目标设备提供广告服务。
在安卓设备上，您的设备设置可能会允许您“停止接收与您兴趣相关的广告”。如果您在设备上开启该设置，Mintegral不会使用从您的设备上收集到的应用程序信息去推测您的兴趣或者基于所推测的您的兴趣而向目标设备提供广告服务。
您也可以点击您所下载的移动应用的【设置】处，找到隐私相关的设置，从而管理您的个性化广告设置。如您选择了不允许个性化广告，Mintegral不会使用从您的设备上收集到的信息去推测您的兴趣或者基于所推测的您的兴趣而向目标设备提供广告服务。
您的移动网页浏览器也可提供“请勿追踪”的浏览器设置。如果您的浏览器已经开启了这一设置，Mintegral不会使用从您的浏览器上收集到的移动网页浏览器信息去推测您的兴趣或者基于所推测的您的兴趣而向目标设备提供广告服务。
如果您对您的信息权利有任何疑问，请联系
privacy@mintegral.com
。
8．用户个人信息的安全
保护您的个人信息安全是我们的首要任务。为了防止您的个人信息未经授权而被获取、使用、披露或销毁，我们将采取严格的安全保护措施。我们会采取符合相关法律和行业标准的物理、技术以及行政管理措施。例如，我们会使用防火墙、加密技术以及其他为防止欺诈和身份窃取而设计的自动化软件；我们只将信息储存在能够提供较高保护程度的设备和场所。我们也会通过视频以及其他电子监控方式对周边以及建筑物入口所发生的数据访问实施严格监控。我们会建立专门的安全团队、安全管理制度、数据安全流程保障您的个人信息安全。我们采取严格的数据使用和访问制度，确保只有授权人员才可访问您的个人信息，并适时对数据和技术进行安全审计。我们会制定应急处理预案，并在发生用户信息安全事件时立即启动应急预案，努力阻止该等安全事件的影响和后果扩大。一旦发生用户信息安全事件（泄露、丢失等）后，我们将按照法律法规的要求，及时向您告知。
我会尽量减少敏感信息在我们服务器的存放以保护您的隐私。我们也会从合同上要求合作伙伴保护用户数据。
目前，Mintegral程序化互动式广告平台已经通过了国家信息安全等级保护（三级）的测评和备案，并通过了国际权威的ISO27001信息安全认证以及SOC 2 Type 1和Type 2的审计。Mintegral还通过欧洲著名隐私保护认证机构ePrivacy隐私保护认证，在欧盟范围内被授予ePrivacyseal证书，意味着该机构认证Mintegral程序化互动式广告平台符合GDPR法规、能有效保障用户隐私安全。Mintegral还通过了kidSAFE Seal Program的美国《儿童在线隐私保护法案》认证的审核，确保Mintegral提供的服务能够有效保障儿童的网络隐私安全。Mintegral获得权威隐私安全认证机构美国TrustArc公司就Mintegral对客户及终端用户的个人数据的处理符合CPPA要求的认证，进一步表明Mintegral提供的服务能为客户及终端设备用户提供全面的隐私保障。
Mintegral
参与
IAB
欧洲透明度与同意框架，并遵守其规范和政策
，
Mintegral
在该框架内的识别号码为
Vendor ID 867。
Mintegral可能会为提供服务、进行内部分析、遵守法律义务、解决争议以及执行合同（如结算）而保存从我们的商业合作伙伴收集到的与您相关的信息。我们只会在必要情况下保留您的个人信息，对于根据本隐私政策收集到的有关您的个人信息，我们保留的期限不超过2年。决定保留期限的标准包括：决定保存期限的标准包括：（i）为提供服务以及业务运营而需保留个人信息的时长；（ii）收集的个人信息的类型；以及（iii）我们是否会受到法律、合同或其他类似义务的约束而需保留数据（例如：强制性的数据保留法律、政府要求保留与调查相关的数据或为了诉讼或争议所必须保留的数据）。
9．未成年人保护
Mintegral服务主要面向成年人。如果用户是根据适用法律规定的未成年人，请务必在使用已集成Mintegral产品及服务的开发者应用或者与Mintegral合作广告投放的广告主的应用前，在父母或其他监护人监护、指导下共同仔细阅读开发者或广告主应用的隐私政策及本隐私政策，并在征得监护人同意的前提下使用该应用或提供个人信息。
我们根据适用的相关法律法规的规定保护未成年人的个人信息，除非法律另有规定，我们只会在收到法律允许、父母或其他监护人明确同意或者保护未成年人所必要的情况下收集、使用、存储、共享、转让或公开披露未成年的个人信息。如果我们发现在未事先获得可证实的父母同意的情况下收集了未成年人的个人信息，将会采取措施尽快删除相关信息。
若您是未成年人的父母或其他监护人，当您对您所监护的未成年人的个人信息有相关疑问时，请通过本隐私政策公示的联系方式与我们联系。
如您是美国地区的用户，我们保证遵守《儿童在线隐私保护法》（COPPA）。如我们的商业合作伙伴（例如，应用开发者）与我们进行合作的应用针对的是13周岁以下的儿童用户或其确知其在与我们进行合作的过程中正在收、使用或披露了13周岁以下儿童用户的个人信息，则他们将代表我们根据COPPA的规定向该等儿童用户获得其父母或法定监护人的可验证的同意以使我们可以根据本隐私政策处理个人信息，以及在使用Mintegral服务的时候需在Mintegral平台上对该应用进行相关的COPPA设置，使得Mintegral可以保证对收集到的该应用用户的持久标识符的处理符合COPPA的规定，包括在不违反COPPA规定的情况下用于投放指向行为的广告或者用于追踪用户。另外，我们不会从那些我们已知悉是针对13周岁以下儿童的应用中收集其他个人信息（如准确的地理位置信息）。
如果你是美国加州的用户，我们确保遵守CCPA。我们不会出售或进行16岁以下消费者的数据或向其投放定向广告，除非获得了用户明确的同意（针对13岁以下的未成年人，我们会在获得父母或监护人的明确同意情况下进行）。如果用户拒绝了同意的请求，我们将在12个月内不再询问。
如果父母或者监护人发现子女未经同意向我们提供了其个人信息，父母或监护人应当及时联系我们。我们会采取合理的措施保证这类信息从我们的文档中删除。
10．推广营销
如您是我们的商业合作伙伴，我们或我们的关联公司可能定期通过邮件向您提供
品、服务的信息以及您可能感兴趣的内容。如果相关法律要求我们在向您发出营销信息之前须获得您的同意，则我们仅会在征得您同意后向您发出相关的营销信息。
如您不希望收到此类营销信息，您可以随时通过营销信息中提供的指引取消订阅或者通过发送邮件到
privacy@mintegral.com
要求不再接收此类信息。
11．联系我们
如您位于中华人民共和国大陆地区，您可以（i）通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求或者向以下地址寄送书面文件：中国广东省广州市天河区兴民路222号之三4312房法务部；
如您位于中华人民共和国大陆地区以外，您可以（i）通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求联系数据保护官。您也可以联系我们在欧洲经济区内的数据保护代表Eurocore B.V，地址为：Hullenbergweg 278, 1101BV Amsterdam。
MINTEGRAL网站隐私政策
1．介绍
本Mintegral网站隐私政策适用于网站的信息收集和使用，包括您浏览和使用Mintegral网站时Mintegral收集和使用的信息。根据《通用数据保护条例》（GDPR)，Mintegral是您的个人信息的数据控制方。
2．我们收集的信息
当您访问Mintegral网站时，我们收集的信息包括：
（1）
您主动提供的个人信息（例如：姓名、出生日期、个人身份证
/
护照
/
社保卡
/
驾驶执照
/
其他
证照
号码
或
扫描件
、地址、电话号码、邮箱地址、职业、教育背景、工作经历
、
账户登录信息
、
借记卡或信用卡
或
其他
收款
账户
信息
以及其他相关信息）；
其中
，
个人身份证
/
护照
/
社保号码
/
驾驶执照
号码
可能
构成
CCPA
定义
下
的
敏感
个人
信息；
借记卡或信用卡
或其他收款账户信息
可能构成
CCPA
、
中国
个人
信息
保护法
定义下的敏感个人信息
。
（2）
部分您未主动提供的信息，例如浏览器类型、域名、
IP
地址、浏览过的网页以及使用不同技术和方法浏览网页的时长，包括
IP
地址、
Cookies
、互联网标签和浏览数据。
Mintegral有权采取措施验证您所提供的信息的准确性。
如果您提供的信息是他人的个人信息，您应当保证您已经获得他人的允许。
如果您位于中华人民共和国大陆地区，我们可能会使用北京百度网讯科技有限公司所提供的的百度统计服务以帮助我们分析我们的网站使用情况并帮助提升我们网站的服务质量。有关百度统计服务收集的相关信息以及其数据处理活动的详情，可访问：
此处
。
如果您位于中华人民共和国大陆地区以外的其他地区，我们可能会使用谷歌分析（Google Analysis）以帮助我们分析我们的网站使用情况并帮助提升我们网站的服务质量。有关谷歌分析（Google Analysis）收集的相关信息以及其数据处理活动的详情，可访问：
此处
。
3．我们如何使用您的个人信息
基于您的同意或者基于我们的合法利益，您可能需要向我们提供您的个人信息用于下列目的（i）为您提供Mintegral的产品、服务或相关信息；（ii）为您注册报名相关活动或者培训；（iii）联系并回复您的请求和咨询；（iv）商业管理，包括数据分析；（v）使用网站时，为您提供个性化访问服务以及帮助；（vi）帮助我们了解我们的用户，完善我们的网站；或（v）定期通过邮件向您提供我们产品、服务的信息以及您可能感兴趣的内容。
如果您不希望收到此类营销宣传，您可以随时通过营销邮件中提供的指引取消订阅或者通过发送邮件到
privacy@mintegral.com
要求不再接收此类宣传信息。
4．披露您的个人信息
在符合适用法律规定的情况下，我们会将您的个人信息共享给
Mintegral关联公司
或者Mintegral关联公司以外的第三方。
我们可能会聘用第三方技术服务提供商为我们提供服务，包括在程序以及技术层面对Mintegral网站的开展以及运营提供协助的
公司
、
提供技术服务协助分析网站使用情况的服务商
、邮件服务提供商，该等第三方技术服务提供商可能会获取您的个人信息
（
详情请参阅我们的
Cookies 政策
）
。
除本隐私政策明确表述之外，根据中华人民共和国个人信息保护法的规定，除非经过用户的授权同意，我们不会向其他第三方共享用户的个人信息。
我们也可能根据本隐私政策的条款与其他第三方分享汇总的或匿名的信息。
我们可能会为了本隐私政策规定的目的，或为了向用户推广我们关联公司的产品或服务，而向该等关联公司披露用户的个人信息。
Mintegral网站在运营中使用的网络服务器会根据IP地址自动识别（您的）电脑。但是，一旦您离开了Mintegral网站，我们将不能根据该IP地址识别（您的）电脑。如果我们认为您企图或者已经滥用或损害网站，我们将会通过调查并与相关执法部门合作，以维护我们的合法权益。
同时，我们将根据法律的要求或允许以配合法院传票、其他类似的法律程序或政府的要求而提供您的个人信息；或我们认为，按照法律规定，或为维护我们及/或其他第三方（包括顾问、执法部门、司法监督部门）的合法权益及安全，该等信息披露是必要的。我们也可能将您的个人信息传输给收购我们部分或全部资产、股份或以合并、收购、重组或其他方式继受取得我们部分或全部业务的第三方。
5．国际传输
如果您位于欧洲经济区内，从您收集到的个人信息，包括从Mintegral网站收集到的信息，会被传输到位于欧洲经济区以外的国家，包括Mintegral网站服务器所在的国家新加坡以及其他同样未被欧盟委员会认定为是对个人信息提供了适当程度保护措施的国家。您在此明确同意将您的个人信息按本隐私政策所述传输给位于欧洲经济区以外的接收方，包括传输给Mintegral、Mintegral的关联公司及本隐私政策规定的其他接收方。
为了将个人信息传输给Mintegral的关联公司，Mintegral已经签订《欧盟标准合同条款》（“标准合同”）。您可以通过发送邮件到
privacy@mintegral.com
请求获得一份标准合同的副本。
如您位于中华人民共和国大陆地区，我们根据本政策收集的关于您的个人信息，将存储在中华人民共和国大陆地区。
我们不会将您的个人信息传输至境外
。
6．您的信息权利
您有权获取、修改、修订或删除我们可能已经收集的您的个人信息。如需行使相关权利，请联系
privacy@mintegral.com
。
如您位于欧洲经济区内，您将享有以下权利（受少数例外限制）：（i）要求查阅、修改或删除您的个人信息；（ii）限制或拒绝处理您的个人信息；以及（iii）要求向他人或第三方提供个人信息的电子版副本。同时，您有权就您的个人信息处理问题向欧洲经济区当地的数据保护部门发起投诉。
如果您是美国加利福尼亚州的居民，您可以询问我们在过去12个月内收集和使用您的个人资料的情况，具体包括：
我们已经收集到的个人信息的种类。
我们收集个人信息的来源的种类。
我们收集、销售和/或共享个人信息的商事或商业目的。
与我们披露个人信息的第三方的种类。
我们为商业目的出售、共享或披露的个人信息种类。
我们为商业目的向其出售、共享或披露的个人信息的第三方。
您的权利。您可以要求我们提供在过去12个月内收集的有关您的个人资料的副本。
您可以要求我们删除我们从您处收集到的个人信息。
您可以要求我们更正您的个人信息。
如CCPA所规定的，您有权不受歧视地行使上述权利。
您可以（i）通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求或者向以下地址寄送书面文件：中国广东省广州市天河区兴民路222号之三4312房法务部，以行使您上述加州隐私权利；（ii）点击以下链接，要求禁止出
售
或共享
您的数据：
请勿出售或共享我的数据
；以及（iii）通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求要求限制使用您的敏感个人信息。
当您提交请求时，我们将通过您提供的信息（如设备ID、公司电子邮件等），按照我们的内部指引核实您的请求。您可以指定一名授权代理，通过向授权代理提供书面许可，以及直接向我们核实您本人的身份，来提出访问或删除您个人信息的请求。我们将拒绝未提交授权证明的代理提出的任何请求。我们将拒绝未提交授权证明的代理人的任何请求。有关CCPA指定的请求指标，请参阅
此处
。
如CCPA所定义的，为了明确起见，我们不会出售或共享您的个人信息。
您还可以在
上述
的
“我们收集的信息”
部分找到我们收集的个人信息的类别列表
以及我们获取个人信息的来源的详细信息
。
我们根据上述的
“我们如何使用您的个人信息”
部分中描述的业务或商业目的收集和使用个人信息。
(1) 如果您是（i）美国弗吉尼亚州的居民（自2023年1月1日起生效），或者（ii）是美国科罗拉多州的居民（自2023年7月1日起生效），或者（iii）是美国康涅狄格州的居民（自2023年7月1日起生效），或者（iv）是美国德克萨斯州的居民（自2024年7月1日起生效），您可以向我们行使以下个人信息权利:
确认我们是否正在处理您的个人信息，并访问这些个人信息；
纠正您个人信息中的不准确之处；
删除您的个人信息；
获得您提供给我们的个人信息的副本；以及
要求拒绝我们为以下目的处理您的个人信息：(i)个性化广告，(ii)出售您的个人信息，或(iii)对您产生重大法律或类似影响的用户画像。
如VCDPA
、
CPA
、
CDPA
和
TDPSA
所规定的，您有权不受歧视地行使上述权利。
您可以（i）通过向privacy@mintegral.com发送书面请求，以行使您上述弗州个人信息权利；以及（ii）点击
此链接
，要求禁止个性化广告、禁止出售您的个人信息、禁止对您产生重大法律或类似影响的用户画像。如果您行使上述权利时未能提供有效的信息以供我们进行有效的反馈等，我们可能会拒绝您的权利行使，如果您有不同意见的，可以进一步向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面申诉。
如果您是美国犹他州的居民，自2023年12月31日起，您可以向我们行使以下个人信息权利：
确认我们是否在处理您的个人信息，并访问该个人信息；
删除您的个人信息；
获取您向我们提供的个人信息的副本；以及
要求拒绝我们为以下目的处理您的个人信息：(i) 个性化广告，或 (ii) 出售您的个人信息。
如UCPA所规定的，您有权不受歧视地行使上述权利。
您可以通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求，以行使您上述个人信息权利。如果您行使上述权利时未能提供有效的信息以供我们进行有效的反馈等，我们可能会拒绝您的权利行使，如果您有不同意见的，可以进一步向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面申诉。
如果您是美国俄勒冈州的居民（自2024年7月1日起生效），您可以向我们行使以下个人信息权利。
确认我们是否正在处理您的个人信息，并访问该个人信息；
获取我们向其披露个人信息的第三方名单；
更正您个人资料中的任何不准确之处；
删除您的个人信息；
获取您提供给我们的个人信息的副本；以及
要求拒绝我们为以下目的处理您的个人信息：（i）个性化广告，或（ii）出售您的个人信息，或（iii）对您产生重大法律或类似影响的用户画像。
如OCPA所规定的，您有权不受歧视地行使上述权利。
您可以（i）通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求，以行使上述个人信息权利；以及（ii）点击
此链接
，要求拒绝个性化广告、拒绝销售您的个人信息，以及拒绝对您产生重大法律或类似影响的用户画像。如果您在行使上述权利时未能提供有效信息以便我们进行有效反馈等，我们可能会剥夺您的权利行驶。如果您有不同意见的，可以进一步向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面申诉。
如果您是中华人民共和国大陆地区的公民，除非法律、行政法规另有规定，您对个人信息的处理享有以下权利：（1）知情权、决定权、有权限制或拒绝对您的个人信息进行处理。
（2）除法律规定的特殊情况以外，您有权查阅、复制您的个人信息。
（3）您有权请求将您的个人信息转移至您指定的个人信息处理者。
（4）如您发现我们处理的关于您的个人信息不准确或者不完整的，您有权请求更正、补充。
（5）在下列情形下，您有权请求删除您的个人信息：
处理目的已实现，无法实现或者为实现处理目的不再必要；
Mintegral停止提供产品或服务，或者保存期限已届满；
您撤回同意；
Mintegral违反法律、行政法规或违反约定处理个人信息的；
法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。
如删除您的个人信息从技术上难以实现的，Mintegral将停止除存储和采取必要的安全保护措施之外的处理。
（6）您有权要求我们对本隐私政策进行解释说明。
您可以通过发送邮件到
privacy@mintegral.com
联系我们并提出您的权利请求。
7．您的个人信息安全
保护您的个人信息安全是我们的首要任务。为了防止您的个人信息未经授权而被获取、使用、披露或销毁，我们将采取严格的安全保护措施。我们会采取符合相关法律和行业标准的物理、技术以及行政管理措施。例如，我们会使用防火墙、加密技术以及其他为防止欺诈和身份窃取而设计的自动化软件；我们只将信息储存在能够提供较高保护程度的设备和场所。我们也会通过视频以及其他电子监控方式对周边以及建筑物入口所发生的数据访问实施严格监控。
我会尽量减少敏感信息在我们服务器的存放以保护您的隐私。我们也会从合同上要求合作伙伴保护用户数据。
我们只会在必要情况下保留您的个人信息，对于在网站上无论以何种方式收集到的有关您的个人信息，我们只会保留一年。对于通过谷歌分析收集的个人信息适用的保留期限，请参照：
此处
。
8．未成年人保护
本网站不会故意收集未成年人的个人信息。您所提供的任何未成年人的个人信息须事先征得未成年人的父母或者监护人的同意。对未成年人的定义由适用本隐私政策的法律作出规定。
我们根据适用的相关法律法规的规定保护未成年人的个人信息，除非法律另有规定，我们只会在收到法律允许、父母或其他监护人明确同意或者保护未成年人所必要的情况下收集、使用、存储、共享、转让或公开披露未成年的个人信息。如果我们发现在未事先获得可证实的父母同意的情况下收集了未成年人的个人信息，将会采取措施尽快删除相关信息。
若您是未成年人的父母或其他监护人，当您对您所监护的未成年人的个人信息有相关疑问时，请通过本隐私政策公示的联系方式与我们联系。
如您是美国地区的用户，我们保证遵守《儿童在线隐私保护法》（COPPA）。如我们的商业合作伙伴（例如，应用开发者）与我们进行合作的应用针对的是13周岁以下的儿童用户或其确知其在与我们进行合作的过程中正在收、使用或披露了13周岁以下儿童用户的个人信息，则他们将代表我们根据COPPA的规定向该等儿童用户获得其父母或法定监护人的可验证的同意以使我们可以根据本隐私政策处理个人信息，以及在使用Mintegral服务的时候需在Mintegral平台上对该应用进行相关的COPPA设置，使得Mintegral可以保证对收集到的该应用用户的持久标识符的处理符合COPPA的规定，包括在不违反COPPA规定的情况下用于投放指向行为的广告或者用于追踪用户。另外，我们不会从那些我们已知悉是针对13周岁以下儿童的应用中收集其他个人信息（如准确的地理位置信息）。
如果你是美国加州的用户，我们确保遵守CCPA。我们不会出售或进行16岁以下消费者的数据或向其投放定向广告，除非获得了用户明确的同意（针对13岁以下的未成年人，我们会在获得父母或监护人的明确同意情况下进行）。如果用户拒绝了同意的请求，我们将在12个月内不再询问。
如果父母或者监护人发现子女未经同意向我们提供了其个人信息，父母或监护人应当及时联系我们。我们会采取合理的措施保证这类信息从我们的文档中删除。
9．使用COOKIES和其他追踪技术
当您访问Mintegral网站时，Mintegral可能会使用cookies或者其他技术（统称“Cookies”）来收集您的个人信息。想了解更多信息，请阅读我们的
Cookie政策
。
10．外部网站和链接
本网站可能会含有跳转到第三方供应商和其他第三方（ “外部网站”）拥有或运营的网站的链接以及指示。Mintegral对外部网站的有效性以及外部网站的内容（包括任何外部网站的网络广播或其他任何形式传送接收的内容）均不承担责任。如果您对相关链接或外部网站上的内容有任何疑问，请联系该外部网站的管理人员。如第三方已告知Mintegral将链接Mintegral的主页至该第三方的网站且Mintegral并未拒绝的，则Mintegral允许该第三方链接到Mintegral的主页。Mintegral保留在任何时候单方撤销上述同意的权利，包括链接到其主页的链接。本网站提供的任何外部网站仅仅是为您提供方便。本网站包含的任何链接或指示并不意味着对该外部网站的认可。
11．版权
所有的网站内容、设计、文本、图表、图像、标识、按钮、图标、界面、音频及视频、以及以上内容的所有排列组合均为Mintegral或其相应内容提供商的专属财产，受香港特别行政区和国际著作权法保护。网站所使用的所有软件为Mintegral或其相应的软件供应商的财产，受香港特别行政区以及国际著作权法和其他相关法律和条约保护。网站用户不得发送/上传任何侵犯他人著作权或其他知识产权的内容至本网站。
12．商标
网站使用的所有商标、服务标识和商业名称（统称“标识”）均为Mintegral独有。该等标识不得用于任何非Mintegral的产品或服务，或任何导致消费者混淆、或以任何方式诋毁或败坏Mintegral名声的其他产品或服务上。
13．在线行为
如Mintegral认为任何个人限制或禁止他人使用本网站，Mintegral有权对该等行为予以禁止。您同意仅以合法目的使用本网站，并同意不实施上述禁止的行为。您同意不会上传或转发任何违法的、损害他人利益的、威胁性的、侮辱性的、滋扰性的、诽谤的、粗俗的、淫秽的、具有明显的性暗示的、亵渎的、仇恨的、种族歧视的、地域歧视的或其他任何类型的不良信息至本网站，包括但不限于任何煽动违法行为的信息，例如任何构成刑事犯罪、民事责任或其他违反适用的地方的、州的、国内的或国际的法律的行为。
14．终止使用
基于任何违反相关法律、本隐私政策或损害其他用户、第三方、零售商、赞助商、授权方、服务提供者或网站利益的行为，Mintegral可自行决定终止或暂停您对网站的全部或部分访问而无须另行通知或承担任何责任。
鉴于网络技术的飞速发展，我们会不定期更新本隐私政策。所有的修订会在网站
www.mintegral.com
公告。
15．联系我们
如您位于中华人民共和国大陆地区，您可以（i）通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求或者向以下地址寄送书面文件：中国广东省广州市天河区兴民路222号之三4312房法务部；
如您位于中华人民共和国大陆地区以外，您可以（i）通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求联系数据保护官。您也可以联系我们在欧洲经济区内的数据保护代表Eurocore B.V，地址为：Hullenbergweg 278, 1101BV Amsterda
想和我们一起，实现全球增长？
联系我们，增长无忧
如您是中国大陆用户，请点击按钮切换网页站点，以获得更好的浏览体验
确定
点击“同意”，即表示您同意我们使用 AroundDeal 和 Google Analytics 来向您发送营销信息，并记录和分析您的浏览行为。更多详情请查看“自定义设置”。
同意
自定义设置
Sub-policy 6
https://www.pangleglobal.com/zh/privacy/enduser-zhtw:
首页
/
协议条款
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
Pangle End User Data Privacy Policy
Pangle End User Data Privacy Policy
パートナーデータプライバシーポリシー
パートナーデータプライバシーポリシー
エンドユーザーデータプライバシーポリシー
エンドユーザーデータプライバシーポリシー
Pangle 파트너 개인정보처리방침
Pangle 파트너 개인정보처리방침
최종 사용자 개인정보처리방침
최종 사용자 개인정보처리방침
合作夥伴資料隱私權政策
合作夥伴資料隱私權政策
終端使用者資料隱私權政策
終端使用者資料隱私權政策
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Parceiro Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Parceiro Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Usuário Final Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Usuário Final Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Socio Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Socio Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Usuario Final de Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Usuario Final de Pangle
Politique de protection des données des partenaires de Pangle
Politique de protection des données des partenaires de Pangle
Politique de protection des données de l’utilisateur final de Pangle
Politique de protection des données de l’utilisateur final de Pangle
Pangle Publisher Agreement
Pangle Publisher Agreement
EEA/SWISS/UK SPECIFIC DATA TERMS (“DATA TERMS”)
EEA/SWISS/UK SPECIFIC DATA TERMS (“DATA TERMS”)
Pangle終端使用者資料隱私權政策
本Pangle終端使用者資料隱私權政策適用本公司透過Pangle平台（定義如下）處理的個人資料；不論您是透過與Pangle廣告平台整合的行動應用程式及/或網站（下稱「合作夥伴」）與Pangle進行互動，也不論合作夥伴是直接或透過某個廣告交易平台與Pangle廣告平台進行整合，本Pangle終端使用者資料隱私權政策將適用您（下稱「終端使用者」）個人資料之處理。
最後更新日期：2023年03月08日
I.本公司簡介及本政策適用對象
I.1本公司為Bytedance Pte.
Ltd.，設立於新加坡，登記地址為1 Raffles Quay #26-10 Singapore
(048583)（下稱「本公司」或「我們」）。本Pangle終端使用者資料隱私權政策（下稱「本隱私權政策」）提供本公司簡介，說明我們如何蒐集、處理、儲存、使用、移轉、分享及揭露（合稱「處理」）您的個人資料，以及您行使個人資料當事人權利的方式。
I.2合作夥伴有責任告知您Pangle對您資料之使用（亦即，透過引導您閱讀本政策），並為Pangle使用您的資料取得所有必要的同意。本公司處理您的個人資料的依據為，本公司需要您的個人資料，以便依據本公司與合作夥伴間的相關契約，向合作夥伴提供服務。
I.3若您對本公司使用您的個人資料有任何疑問或疑慮，請利用本隱私權政策文末提供的聯絡方式與我們聯繫。
II.Pangle簡介
II.1 Pangle是一個透過www.pangleglobal.com網站提供的行動廣告平台，包括由Bytedance營運的支援系統及服務（下稱「Pangle」）。Pangle使廣告主能夠在第三方行動應用程式及/或由合作夥伴擁有或經營的網站，或合作夥伴有權提供廣告服務的網站（下稱「合作夥伴網站」）提供廣告服務。本公司透過處理從該等合作夥伴網站蒐集的特定資料來達到上述目的，如本隱私權政策所述。
III.本公司處理哪些資訊
III.1 本公司處理個人資料之類型，取決於本公司合作夥伴蒐集資料之情況，以及請求服務或執行交易之性質而定。
III.2 當你與合作夥伴網站互動時，我們會處理關於你和你的裝置的特定資訊。此資訊可能會透過我們的軟體程式碼 (稱為「軟體開發套件」或「SDK」) 從你的裝置自動收集，或者透過其他廣告交換 (例如 Google DoubleClick) 與我們共用。我們還會使用 Cookie 技術 (即當你存取我們合作夥伴或客戶的行動應用程式和網站時，會被插入到瀏覽器中的一種文字檔案)，以及你裝置上可用的其他追蹤技術。
III.3 本公司處理您的個人資料，可能包括下列資料類別之全部或一部：
a.自動透過您的裝置蒐集之資訊
i.識別碼：我們可能會處理裝置特定的識別碼，例如 IP 位址、行動廣告識別碼 (例如 Android 手機上的「Google 廣告 ID」或 iOS 裝置上的「廣告商 ID」)，或我們的 SDK 特別為你的裝置分配的 Pangle 識別碼。行動廣告識別碼是由裝置作業系統提供的識別碼，使得像 Pangle這樣的公司能夠跨應用程式識別你的裝置以進行廣告推播。除了行動廣告識別碼和其他類似的技術外，Pangle 還可能取得裝置的型號、作業系統 (例如 iOS 或 Android)、語言設定、大致的地理區域、時區、網路類型 (例如 5G 或 WiFi)、ROM 版本、螢幕解析度 (了解哪些廣告最適合你的裝置)、行動電話國碼和行動網路代碼，以及裝置上次更新和啟動的時間。
ii.地理位置資料：本公司可能透過您的IP位址推測您的大概地理位置。本公司於取得您的同意後，或於相關資料保護法律允許之情況下，可能利用您手機的地理定位系統（GPS）資訊處理您的確切經緯度資料。
iii.網路活動：本公司可能處理關於您使用行動應用程式（app）之資訊，包括已與Pangle整合之行動應用程式（app）名稱及版本。本公司可能處理關於您與本公司所展示廣告互動之資訊（例如，展示、瀏覽或點擊廣告之相關資訊，如廣告類型、展示位置、您是否點擊廣告、您是否造訪廣告主網站或下載廣告主應用程式（app），以及您曾表達出對廣告之偏好等）。
b.自其他來源取得之資訊
i.本公司可能不定期自其他來源處取得您的資料。舉例而言，本公司可能自第三方處取得您的相關資訊，例如為展示廣告之目的而與本公司分享資料的廣告交易平台（advertising exchanges），惟前提是該等第三方依法可以向本公司揭露該等資訊。
ii.本公司自上述來源所取得的資訊可能包括識別碼（如您的IP位址或行動廣告識別碼），關於您的網路活動之資訊（例如，您與第三方網站、應用程式（app）及廣告互動之相關資訊），及關於您的偏好及特徵（例如您的大概年齡及性別等）之推論。
IV.本公司如何使用個人資料
IV.1 本公司使用個人資料以向您展示個人化廣告，並用以瞭解觀看本公司展示廣告之受眾。具體而言，本公司將為下列目的處理個人資料：
a.向您提供廣告：使第三方廣告主可以運用合作夥伴應用程式（app）進行競標並將其廣告置入廣告版位中；本公司使用您的行動廣告識別碼以及上述其他設備識別碼，為您提供個人化廣告服務並用於相關目的，例如廣告頻次控制（限制您看到同一廣告的次數）、歸因（確保本公司可就提供的廣告向廣告主請款）及欺詐檢測（檢測惡意軟體或「機器人」，這些軟體會與廣告產生虛假互動，以欺詐手段提高廣告收入）。本公司亦使用您的裝置資料來確保本公司於您的裝置上正確顯示廣告。
b.將本公司向您展示之廣告進行個人化：本公司將透過您使用的應用程式（app）及您曾互動的廣告來推測出您感興趣的議題，並推測您的人口族群相關資訊（例如您的年齡及性別），俾使本公司可以向您展示與您較具關連的廣告；
c.依據您的所在地點向您展示廣告：本公司可能依據您當前或過去所在地點向您展示廣告，包括透過本公司或第三方廣告主以地點為基礎的程式碼區段為之，向您投放與您所在地相關、以當地語言展示的廣告，且使本公司更清楚瞭解觀看本公司廣告的受眾；
d.進行查核及報告：確認本公司代表廣告主展示之廣告確實正確交付，計算觀看這些廣告及與這些廣告互動之終端使用者人數，以及辨識可確實促使消費者進一步行動（如購買、下載應用程式（app）或造訪網站）之廣告方案（亦稱「成效歸因（attribution）」）。本公司使用這些資訊向廣告主進行報告，說明使用者看過哪些廣告及與哪些廣告進行互動，俾使本公司及本公司合作夥伴可以針對本公司展示之廣告收取適當費用；
e.向廣告主提供廣告方案分析資料：向廣告主提供其廣告方案成效相關資訊，包括與其過去廣告方案進行比較，或與第三方廣告方案進行標竿比較，或其他相關資訊；
f.實施跨裝置精準投放：將使用多裝置（如行動裝置、瀏覽器及平板電腦等）之同一使用者進行「連結」或「整合」。舉例而言，本公司（或本公司合作之第三方）可能協助廣告主，於消費者透過平板電腦瀏覽其網頁時辨識出該消費者過去是否曾於行動裝置上與其互動，以便於各裝置上向該消費者實施廣告之精準投放；
g.為辨識資安事件，防止惡意、欺罔、詐騙或非法活動，並追訴犯下這些非法行為之人的責任：舉例而言，為辨識無效點擊（或廣告搜尋）及保護本公司及其廣告主不受詐騙行為影響；
h.為核實或維持Pangle品質，並改良、升級或增強Pangle：舉例而言：(i) 為查核、搜尋及分析資訊，以維持、改良、升級或增強本公司之廣告服務，並確保本公司技術之適當運作；及 (ii) 其他內部作業，如除錯、支援及資安作業等；
i.為遵守法律義務：為遵守本公司適用之法律義務，例如回應執法機關的請求；
j.為備份目的、基於公共利益、科學或歷史研究目的；及
k.其他您所同意之目的：為您已授予同意之其他任何目的使用您的個人資料。
IV.2 一般而言，本公司將僅為本隱私權政策所述之目的或向您蒐集個人資料時說明之目的處理個人資料。但本公司也可能於相關資料保護法律允許之範圍內，針對符合本公司已向您揭露目的之其他目的處理您的個人資料。
V.本公司分享個人資料之對象
V.1 本公司可能為本隱私權政策所述目的，向下列類別之對象提供您的個人資料：
a.
我們的廣告合作夥伴和平台：我們可能會與我們的第三方
廣告合作夥伴
(例如需求方平台 (DSP)，詳細清單請參閱) 和合作夥伴平台 (例如
TikTok for Business
) 共用個人資料，以便於他們對廣告機會進行競標並最佳化其廣告競標系統和策略，以代表他們所代表的廣告商在發佈合作夥伴應用程式上投放並顯示廣告；
b.本公司廣告主：本公司亦於向本公司廣告合作夥伴提交之報告中提供有限的個人資料，說明觀看其廣告之受眾類型（例如，廣告之觀看對象係居住於新加坡、喜歡足球、年齡介於25至34歲之間的100名男性）以及其廣告投放成效。聚合資訊將使本公司廣告合作夥伴無法單獨使用這些資訊與您聯繫或辨識您的身分。本公司之報告中亦會將向廣告主說明，哪些Pangle廣告使您出現消費行為或從事與廣告主相關之行動；
c.合作夥伴：本公司亦於向合作夥伴提交之報告中提供有限的聚合資料，說明哪類廣告曾於其應用程式（app）內展示，俾使其評估本公司服務之效度及價值。這些報告揭露的是聚合資訊，不會揭露任何能夠直接辨識您身分的資訊；
d.
我們的附屬機構、企業集團和第三方服務提供者：我們會與協助我們經營業務，以我們的名義執行功能或向我們提供服務的附屬機構和其他公司共享個人資料，此包括其他ByteDance的實體、向我們提供資料處理服務 (例如，技術支援、提供功能、增強我們服務的準確性、安全性和資訊安全，或向我們提供分析或歸因服務，以及提供技術、客戶、托管、資料整理和增強或作業支援的服務提供者)，以及其他專業顧問。我們也可能會與我們的企業集團成員分享個人資料，以改進其廣告系統和程序，協助他們向您投放更相關的廣告，以及在非ByteDance的產品或服務上與您接觸。
e.本公司之分析及歸因作業合作夥伴：協助本公司監控廣告計劃成效（例如多少終端使用者曾觀看及點擊廣告）及向廣告主提供報告之合作夥伴；
f.任何執法機關、監管機關、政府機關、法院或具管轄權之其他第三方：於相關法律允許的範圍內，本公司認為有必要因下列事由揭露資訊之情況：(i) 為遵守所適用之法律或法規；(ii) 為行使、證明或維護本公司合法權利；或 (iii) 辨識及避免詐欺或其他安全性或技術性漏洞；(iv) 回應緊急事件；或 (v) 為保護您或任何其他人之重大利益；
g.任何其他人：經您同意揭露之對象，或相關資料保護法律允許揭露之對象。
VI.本公司如何確保您的個人資料安全
VI.1本公司於處理個人資料時，採用合理之技術性及組織性措施來保護您的個人資料。本公司採用的保護措施，可針對您的個人資料處理風險提供適當程度之保護。
VII. 跨境資料移轉
VII.1 您的個人資料可能被移轉至您所在地及您的個人資料被蒐集地點以外之國家，並於該國進行處理，但本公司不會（也不會允許他人）將您的個人資料移轉至該國家以外的地方，除非本公司已採取必要措施，確保這些移轉符合相關法律規定，而且資料接收者無論如何均已實施與本公司同等嚴謹之隱私權保護措施。
VII.2 具體而言，本公司伺服器位於美國及新加坡，本公司集團旗下的公司及第三方服務提供者及合作夥伴則遍及全球各國；這代表本公司可能於前述任何國家依據本隱私權政策處理您的個人資料。
VIII.  資料保存
VIII.1本公司於必要向您提供服務的期間，將保存您的個人資料，以便履行我們的合約義務及行使我們對相關資訊的權利。當本公司已無需您的資訊以便向您提供服務時，本公司將僅於具有合理業務需求或為遵守法律而有必要時，保存該等個人資料。
VIII.2當本公司不再具有處理您的個人資料之合理業務需求時，本公司將刪除您的個人資料或進行匿名化處理，若無法進行匿名化處理（例如，因您的個人資料已儲存於備份檔案中，或法律另有要求之情況），本公司將以安全無虞之方式儲存您的個人資料，並停止進行進一步處理，直到可刪除資料為止。
IX. 定向廣告和選擇退出的權利
我們的合作夥伴使用 Pangle  SDK 提供定向廣告。為此，Pangle 會接收並處理裝置資訊，例如 Cookie、行動廣告識別碼、IP 地址、使用者代理程式資訊和瀏覽或安裝 SDK 的應用程式資料。Pangle  使用此裝置資訊來識別裝置並投放你感興趣的廣告。
IX.1 選擇退出
點擊
广告标签
可以選擇退出 Pangle 根據之前接收到的相關資料所投放的定向廣告。是否會退出定向廣告取決於 Pangle 識別你的裝置的能力。由於裝置和連線資訊可能經常變更，請定期重新回到此頁面確保選擇退出狀態為最新。
IX.2 非定向廣告
如果選擇退出定向廣告，Pangle 將停止顯示根據先前收集的資料並連結到你的裝置所投放的廣告。不過，Pangle 仍會根據存取的應用程式或網站 (例如體育應用程式中的體育廣告) 或根據裝置 (針對 iPhone 使用者或 Android 使用者的廣告) 的相關資料投放廣告。
X.您的資料保護權利
X.1 Pangle支持您依據您所在國家之相關資料保護法律行使個人資料當事人之權利。具體而言：
a.您可以透過下方「聯絡我們」章節所載之資訊與本公司聯繫，要求接取、修正、更新或刪除您的個人資料，若您所在國家所適用之資料保護法律提供這些權利，則本公司將履行您的請求。
b.您可以透過上方「控制個人化廣告之權利」章節所載之步驟，停用精準廣告投放功能。
X.2 本公司將依據所適用之資料保護法律，處理個人資料當事人針對行使資料保護權利所提出之一切請求。本公司不會因為任何使用者行使個人資料當事人之權利而歧視該使用者；但為確認您的身份，本公司可能要求您進一步提供您的個人資料。
XI.兒童
XI.1  若所適用的法律禁止本公司處理特定年齡以下兒童之個人資料，或要求本公司於處理這些兒童個人資料前取得家長同意，本公司將遵守這些法律規定，不會故意違法處理這些個人資料。
XI.2 若您認為本公司可能正在以違反相關法律之方式處理兒童相關之個人資料，請透過「聯絡我們」段落所提供的資訊與我們聯繫，本公司將展開調查，且於必要時採取適當步驟以停止這些處理作業，並刪除這些個人資料。
XII.  本隱私權政策之更新
XII.1 本隱私權政策將於前述記載的日期生效。
XII.2 本公司可能不定期更新本隱私權政策，以便依據相關法律規定，反映法律、技術或商業發展之變化。
XII.3  您可以點擊本隱私權政策一開始的「最後更新」日期，瞭解本隱私權政策之最新更新日期。您同意您有責任定期查看本隱私權政策，您繼續使用Pangle平台表示您同意接受更新後的隱私權政策。若您不同意更新後的隱私權政策條款，請不要繼續使用Pangle平台。
XIII. 聯絡我們
XIII.1若您對本公司使用您的個人資料有任何疑問或疑慮，請使用下列資訊與我們聯絡：privacy@pangleglobal.com。
XIV. 語言
XV.1 本隱私權政策以英文版作成，並可能會提供其他語言版本。如果不同語言版本互相牴觸，則在適用法律允許之範圍內，應以英文版為準。
個別管轄區專用條款
位於巴西的終端使用者
如果您於巴西使用本平台，則適用以下附加的巴西專用條款。若本隱私權政策主條款與以下專用條款互相牴觸，應以以下專用條款為準：
下列段落應取代本隱私權政策第 I.2. 條：
I.2 合作夥伴有責任告知您Pangle對您資料之使用（亦即，透過引導您閱讀本政策），並為Pangle使用您的資料取得所有必要的同意。本公司處理您的個人資料的依據為，本公司需要您的個人資料，以便依據本公司與合作夥伴間的相關契約，向合作夥伴提供服務。
下列段落應取代本隱私權政策第III.3, a, ii. 條：
ii. 地理位置資料：本公司可能透過您的IP位址推測您的大概地理位置。本公司於取得適當授權後，或於相關資料保護法律允許之情況下，可能利用您手機的全球定位系統（GPS）資訊處理您的確切經緯度資料。
下列段落應取代本隱私權政策第IV, k. 條：
k. 其他符合所適用資料保護法律之目的：出於符合所適用資料保護法律之其他任何目的使用您的個人資料。
下列段落應取代本隱私權政策第V, g. 條：
g. 符合所適用資料保護法律規定之任何其他對象。
下列段落應取代本隱私權政策第X. 條：
行使個人資料當事人之權利：巴西法律規定個人可針對其個人資料行使特定權利，因此，本公司會力求確保透明度並控管存取權限，俾使使用者可藉由行使該等權利而受益。
本公司將依據相關法律且適用時依據巴西的一般資料保護法（LGPD），回覆及/或滿足您行使以下個人資料當事人權利之請求：
I. 確認本公司是否處理您的個人資料；
II. 存取您的個人資料；
III. 更正不完整、不正確或過時的資料；
IV. 匿名化處理、封鎖或清除資料；
V. 提供可將個人資料攜至第三方之可攜性；
VI. 反對本公司處理您的個人資料：請注意您可以透過上方「控制個人化廣告之權利」章節說明之步驟，停用精準廣告投放功能；
VII. 本公司與之分享資料的公部門及私人實體資訊；
VIII. 有關拒絕提供個人資料的可能性以及相關後果的資訊（如適用）；
IX. 撤回您的同意。
驗證您的身分：為保障您的安全並確保本公司不會向未經授權的第三方揭露您的任何個人資料，並為驗證您的身分及確保您得以充分行使您的權利，本公司可能要求您先行提供特定資訊及/或文件，方能妥善回覆所收到與您個人資料相關的請求。在回覆您請求的過程中所收到由您提供的全部資料和文件，將嚴格限定用於分析您的請求、驗證您的身分及最終回覆您的請求之目的。
關於您權利行使之限制：於特定情況下，本公司可能基於正當理由不予滿足您的部分請求。舉例而言，若向您揭露資訊可能產生侵害本公司營業秘密或智慧財產權的風險，使得該揭露可能對本公司業務產生不利影響，本公司可能選擇不向您揭露特定資訊。此外，如為遵守法律或監管義務而需維護您的資料，或為發生爭議時保護本公司之權利和利益而需維護該等資料，本公司可能不會滿足您提出的資料清除請求。在這類情形中，如本公司無法滿足您提出的請求，本公司將告知您無法滿足請求的原因。
資料保護長：如果您希望聯繫Pangle的資料保護長（DPO），請透過以下電子郵件地址與本公司聯繫：dpobrasil@pangleglobal.com。
存取日誌檔：為遵守法定義務，本公司會將您的應用程式存取日誌檔以保密方式保存在受管控的安全環境中至少 6（六）個月。
下列段落應新增至本隱私權政策第XI. 條：
家長及監護人同意：如因巴西之個人資料保護法律要求，(i) 若您年滿16歲但未滿18歲，您只能在您的家長或法定監護人協助下使用及註冊帳戶，且您必須聲明及確認，您已獲得其協助使用本服務並同意本隱私權政策；(ii) 若您年滿13歲但未滿16歲，您只能在您的家長或法定監護人作為代表人的情況下使用及註冊帳戶，且您必須獲得您的家長或法定監護人之同意，以使用本服務並同意本隱私權政策；以及(iii) 若您未滿13歲，則不得擁有帳戶。
就位於歐盟、英國或瑞士的帳戶持有人及網站訪客而言：
下列段落應取代本隱私權政策第X條：
X. 您的資料保護權利：
X.1 Pangle支持您依據您所在國家之相關資料保護法律行使個人資料當事人之權利。具體而言：
a.停用精準廣告投放功能：您可以透過上方「控制個人化廣告之權利」章節說明之步驟，停用精準廣告投放功能。
b.接取使用您的資料：您可以要求本公司確認本公司是否處理您的個人資料，並提供您的個人資料副本，毋須收費。
c.刪除您的資料：您可以要求本公司刪除您個人資料之全部或一部。
d.變更或更正資料：您可以要求本公司變更或更正您的個人資料。
e.資料可攜性：您可以要求本公司以機器可讀取之形式提供您的個人資料副本。
f.反對或限制使用您的資料及撤回同意：您可以要求本公司停止使用您個人資料之全部或一部，例如，當本公司依法無權繼續使用您的資料時。您可以要求本公司停止為直接行銷目的而處理您的個人資料；撤回您的同意或要求本公司停止作出任何自動化之個別決策，包括剖析（profiling）。若您反對這些處理，本公司將要求您說明反對原因，以便本公司針對您的個人資料處理進行審查，以便於本公司處理資料之合法利益及您對該處理之反對間取得平衡。
g.申訴：您有權向資料保護主管機關提出申訴。
X.2 如需瞭解更多資訊，請使用下面「聯絡資訊」段落中提供的聯絡方式與本公司聯繫。我們會根據相關資料保護法律，對所有行使資料保護權利之請求作出回應。若您不提供您的個人資料，我們將無法向您提供部分或全部服務。若您向本公司提出特定要求，但未提供可使本公司辨識您身分之資料（如裝置識別碼），本公司將無法回覆您的要求。
下列段落應增訂為本隱私權政策第XV條：
XV. 法律依據
XV.1在歐洲經濟區及英國，本公司必須依據法律規定來處理您的個人資料。對於位於這些地區的使用者，本公司只會在取得您的同意後向您提供精準投放廣告。對您的個人資料進行其他處理的法律依據，取決於相關個人資料及本公司處理資料的具體環境。若本公司為合法利益處理您的個人資料，例如：出於安全及改善產品之目的，一般均係為提供一個有效、安全且多元平台之目的所為。
XV.2在特定情況下，本公司係為履行法律義務、依據您的同意，或為您或他人的重大利益而使用您的個人資料。
XV.3若您對本公司蒐集與使用您的個人資料的法律依據有疑問或需要進一步資訊，請使用下方「聯絡資訊」段落所提供的聯絡方式與本公司聯繫。
就位於以色列之個人而言：
以下文字應納入第III條（本公司處理哪些資訊）的最末處：
III.5 您依法並無義務提供本公司任何個人資料
以下文字應納入第VII條（跨境資料移轉）的最末處：
VII.3 您同意依照本條之規定而跨境移轉您的個人資料。
以下文字應納入第IX條（您的資料保護權利）的最末處：
IX.3 您有權就Pangle拒絕遵照您行使權利的請求的行為，向有管轄權的法院提起申訴。
通过点击“接受Cookies”，即表示您同意我们使用Cookies，并接受
Cookie政策
以增强用户体验
接受Cookies
禁用Cookies
Sub-policy 7
https://www.applovin.com/privacy:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 8
https://pro.meitu.com/xiuxiu/agreements/global-privacy-policy/20240801.html?lang=en:
Privacy Policy
Last Modified:
01 August 2024
Your privacy is important to us.
Xiamen Meitu Technology Co., Ltd. and its affiliates (“
we
”,
        “
us
” or “
our
”) are dedicated to protecting the privacy
        of our users (“
users
” or “
you
”). This Privacy Policy
        (this “
Policy
”) is meant to explain our practices regarding how we collect, store,
        use, manage and protect your user information (including your personal information) as a controller and/or
        business under applicable data protection laws during your use of Meitu application including all its features
        (our “
Services
”).For the purpose of this Policy, the term “affiliates” shall mean
        any entity which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with Xiamen Meitu
        Technology Co., Ltd. For the purpose of the foregoing, “control” shall mean (i) the direct or indirect ownership
        of more than 50 per cent of the outstanding voting securities or capital stock of such entity or other
        comparable equity or ownership interest, or (ii) the control of management decisions and economic interests of
        the entity by way of contractual arrangements.
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited solely to your user information (including your personal
        information) collected or received by us when you are using our Services. In this Policy,
        “
personal information
” refers to any information or combination of information that
        can be used to identify, contact or locate an individual to whom the collected information pertains.
BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THIS POLICY AND THE COLLECTION, USE, PROCESSING, RETENTION,
                DISCLOSURE AND SHARING OF YOUR USER INFORMATION, INCLUDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, IN THE MANNER
                PROVIDED IN THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY OR ANY SUBSEQUENT
                CHANGES TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.
Please note that it is mandatory for you to provide certain categories of data (as specified at the time of
        collection). In the event that you do not provide any or sufficient data marked as mandatory, we may not be able
        to complete the registration process or provide you with our Services. Also, please note that, unless we define
        a term in this Policy, all capitalized terms used in this Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of
        Service. So, please make sure that you have read and understand our Terms of Service.
If you have any questions regarding this Policy or any privacy-related matters, please contact our Data
        Protection Officer via email at
compliance@meitu.com
(
please quote “Meitu App” in your
            email title
), or via registered mail at Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin
        Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu). Please note that for all other enquiries,
        feedback, suggestions and/or complaints not related to privacy or intellectual property infringement (including
        but not limited to any cancellation of subscription, payment disputes, refund requests and technical support of
        Meitu), you should contact us via email at
global.support@meitu.com
.
If your email is sent to
            an incorrect email address, relating to an incorrect subject matter, it may lead to a potential delay or
            failure in processing your requests properly.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In order to provide and improve our Services, we will collect and process your personal information and user
        information in accordance with this Policy. If you do not provide this information, we may be unable to provide
        you with our products or Services. You should ensure that all personal information and user information
        submitted to us is complete, accurate, true and correct. Failure on your part to do so may result in our
        inability to provide you with all or some of our Services.
Account Information
When you use our Services, we might recommend you sign up for an account with us to take full advantage of our
        Services and all their features. When you create an account, we will collect the following information that can
        be used to identify you or provide our Services to you:
• Mandatory: mobile phone number, device ID
• Optional: name, username, gender, date of birth, and location
Anyone can access our Services, but there are certain services that require a subscription fee, such as accessing
        to our premium content and enjoying advertisement privileges (“
Subscription
            Service
”). If you choose to make a purchase on our Subscription Service, we will collect
        certain personally identifiable information, such as your device ID. A third-party app store or payment
        processor may receive, access or use your financial information and billing address for the purpose of
        processing transactions and renewals. If you purchase content or sign up for Subscription Services through a
        third-party app store or a payment processor, you should refer to that third party’s terms for information
        on how it maintains and uses personal financial information for all purchases. For the avoidance of doubt, we
        will not collect any financial information from you.
Mobile Device Information
When you use our Services on your mobile device, we will collect information about your device, including its
        International Mobile Equipment Identity (“IMEI”), Unique Device Identifier (“UDID”) or
        Android ID, Universally Unique Identifier (“GUUID”), User ID (“UID”), Identifier for
        Advertising (“IDFA”) and Identifier for Vendor (“IDFV”), Open Anonymous Device
        Identifier (“OAID”) Integrated Circuit Card Identifier (“ICCID”), Media Access Control
        (“MAC”) address, the type of device you use, operating system version, a list of mobile applications
        installed on your device and resolution, which will be used by us for statistical and/or analytical reasons,
        including without limitation to improve our technical functionality, server load-balancing, analysis of
        technical data relating to your mobile device so as to optimize our Services and graphics adaptation.
As stated below in the “Location Information” section, we may collect your location-based information
        from your mobile device if you choose to share it with us. If you subsequently wish to stop sharing Location
        Information, you may do so at any time by editing the relevant setting on your mobile device.
Mobile Analytics
To better understand and improve the functionality of our Services, we will collect information such as how often
        you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and
        where the application was downloaded from.
Network Information
When you use our Services, we will collect information about the network you use, including the name of the
        operator and the type of network, so as to understand the distribution of operators and networks used by our
        users. In addition, we will collect information such as the name of the WiFi network to which you connect, the
        location of the WiFi network, and the duration of your WiFi connection to understand the environment under which
        you prefer to use our Services.
Location Information
We may collect your location-based information from your mobile device if you choose to share it with us.
• Mandatory: network information, IP address, and system time zone
• Optional: country code, latitude and longitude, network location, and system country
This information will help us understand user distribution and usage scenarios and allow us to provide users with
        the correct version of our apps, the reappearance of the geo-location or the publishing of the real-time
        geo-location where you take any photos or shoot any videos, and improve our Services. Unless we obtain your
        consent, location data WILL NOT BE ACQUIRED or USED to identify you individually. Except as otherwise provided
        in this Policy, we will not share this Location Information with any third parties. If you no longer wish to
        allow us to collect or use such information, you may turn off your Internet access or GPS, or disable our access
        to information about your network, GPS and device. Please note that we may still continue to receive some
        Location Information, such as your Network Information, IP address and system time zone, as a result of you
        using our Services.
Log Information
When you use some of our Services, including generating and browsing certain content, we will automatically
        collect certain relevant log information stored in Meitu (“
Log Information
”). Log
        Information may include (i) details on when and how often you use our Services, (ii) device statistics,
        including critical operation paths, errors, crashes, language and time zone. This Log Information is used to
        improve our Services and is NOT USED to identify our users individually.
Image Information
By choosing to use the cloud editing feature of our Services, you understand and agree that we must upload your
        photos to our server for processing before returning processed photos to you for the purposes of providing such
        service to you and continuous optimization and that we will also receive the EXIF data about your photos (EXIF
        data may contain GPS coordinates where photos were taken and processed, equipment type, ISO and information
        about the front and rear cameras and creation time, depending on the equipment manufacturer) for the purpose of
        further optimizing our Services, such as providing a better match of photo effects to your equipment.By enabling
        the camera and/or allowing access to photos on your device by us, you agree that we may access, collect and/or
        use your photos for photo editing.
Voice Information
By enabling the microphone on Meitu, you agree that we may collect your voice data (i.e. audio clips or
        recordings of your voice) for video editing. We will not use your voice information for advertising purposes.
        You can turn off Meitu’s access to your microphone on your device at any time using the operating system
        settings on the device or by muting the microphone on your devices.
Metadata
Metadata refers to technical data associated with user content. Put simply, metadata is data that describes data.
        For example, metadata can describe the analysis results of facial features, gender, age of the characters in
        photos and other elements contained in photos, which are generated and tagged by the computer algorithm and
        artificial intelligence. When you use our Services, we will use photo metadata to provide you with certain
        features including precise “Facial Recognition”, “Key-Points Recognition”, “Region
        Segmentation”, “Content Tags” and other custom features based on a combination of these basic
        features. We may use your photo metadata to provide you with more suitable filters and better photo effect when
        our apps process your photos; we may also make use of the metadata to serve up a more contextually relevant
        products or services to you.
Facial Feature Information
In order to provide certain Services, apart from utilizing metadata as mentioned above, we may collect your
        facial feature information (including but not limited to facial images) and use face recognition technology to
        recognize faces in photos and camera experiences. We may detect and use facial marks to provide face recognition
        contents and facial manipulation features. Our Services may utilize calculation results of certain AR
        technologies in
        relation to depth of facial mapping information, which may require to use your facial recognition features in
        order to ensure the face image processing effect and perform feature analysis using the algorithm. The
        information we collect will not be used for identifying a specific person, and is used to provide the mentioned
        features only. When the content recommendation is finished or upon the closing of the application, the facial
        mapping information is discarded. This information is not shared with any third parties.
We will neither use the results for other purposes, nor capture any data in the file nor upload data to the
        server for recording purposes.
Cookies
We use “cookies” that store and retrieve information of user’s usage from time to time to
        provide customized Services for each user. Cookies are small amounts of information that the server uses to
        operate the app/website, sends to the user’s device and are also stored on the hard disk in the
        user’s device. You may refuse the installation of cookies. Information collected may include information
        about your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring and exit
        pages, your operating system, dates and timestamps, and clickstream data.
• Purpose of use of cookies: Cookies are used to provide information optimized for each user by identifying
            the visit to and use type of each service and website that the user has visited, popular search terms,
            secure access status, etc.
• Installation, operation and refusal of cookies: A user may refuse the installation of cookies by sending
            an
            email to
global.support@meitu.com (please quote “Meitu App” in your email title)
.
• If a user refuses to store cookies, he or she may experience difficulties in using customized Services.
Advertising-Related Information
We and our third-party service providers may include advertisements within our Services, and with your consent,
        we may collect and use information about you such as your Advertising ID, geographic location and IP address for
        the purpose of delivering and tracking these advertisements. If your device does not have Advertising ID, we may
        use other persistent identifiers. We may also access your App list and collect the application package names of
        the applications installed on your device. We use the above information to help us better count, track and
        provide advertisements based on suitability, language, geographic location and other details. If you wish to opt
        out of interest-based advertising, you may opt out by sending email to
global.support@meitu.com
(please
        quote “Meitu App” in your email title). Please
        note you will continue to receive generic ads after you opt out of interest-based advertising.
Information Collected by Third Party Services
Our Services provided to you may contain our service provider’s Application Programming Interfaces (APIs)
        or Software Development Kits (SDKs), which may have tracking tools of such service providers. These third
        parties may use cookies, APIs and SDKs on our Services and collect and analyze user information. In addition,
        some third-party SDKs may allow advertisers to collect information in order to provide content that is more
        relevant to you. Third parties may access your information such as your device identifiers, region (defined as
        the location where a given language is used), location information and IP address under their respective privacy
        policies. If you want to know more about such third parties, you may send an email to
compliance@meitu.com
            (please quote “Meitu App” in your email title).
Information that You Proactively Provide to Us
When you contact us (including but not limited to our customer support team and Data Protection Officer), we
        collect the data you provide to us, for example, your contact details (e.g. email address and/or telephone
        number).
Other Information
We may also collect other information which is not related to your identity. For example, we may collect
        information on the type and version number of your operating system to better understand system upgrades, we may
        collect information on your system language for the purpose of language adaptation, and we may collect your App
        list to understand user preferences. If we choose to collect such information, we will do so for the purpose of
        improving our Services provided to you.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
In addition to the uses listed above, we collect and use your user information and personal information for the
        following purposes:
(i) Services.
To provide, process, maintain, improve and develop our Services provided to
            you, including customer support,
            and other services provided through our products.
(ii) Statistical analysis.
To develop and analyze statistics on the use of our products and
            Services for the purpose of improving our products and our Services.
(iii) To create an account.
The personal information that we collect when you use our
            Services to
            create an account will be used by us to create your account and profile.
(iv) To provide location-based services.
When you use our Services, we or third party
            service
            providers may take advantage of your location information to provide you with advertising, the correct
            version of our Services and help you gain good user experience.
(v) To improve user experience.
Certain optional features such as user experience programs
            allow Meitu to analyze data regarding the use of our products and our Services and improve user experience.
(vi) To provide push services.
Device information may be used by us to provide push
            services to
            assess the performance of adverts and the success of software updates, or provide notifications on new
            product releases.
(vii) To verify your identity.
Verifying your identity using a text message when you log in
            to
            your account helps prevent unauthorized logins to your account.
(viii) To collect feedback from you.
Your feedback is of great value in helping Meitu
            improve our
            Services. To keep track of your feedback, Meitu may use the personal information provided by you to contact
            you and retain the records.
(ix) Other purposes.
We will collect, store, maintain and use information about you for
            purposes
            under the “The Information We Collect”, and for purposes of running our operations, pursuing our
            legitimate interests (e.g., research (including marketing research), network and information security, and
            fraud prevention), and satisfying our legal obligations.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We may share your information with third parties who provide services on our behalf to help with our business
        activities. These services may include:
(i) Fulfilling orders and delivering packages;
(ii) Providing you with advertising;
(iii) Payment processing;
(iv) Providing customer services;
(v) Fulfilling subscription services;
(vi) Conducting research and analysis; and
(vii) Providing cloud computing infrastructure.
We will not share with or disclose to third parties (other than our service providers) your personal information
        in whole or in part except for the purposes of:
(i) protecting the security of others or their property;
(ii) preventing or dealing with fraud;
(iii) safeguarding our legitimate rights and interests;
(iv) taking action in line with our purposes as described in the “The Information We Collect” or
            the
            “How We Use Information” sections;
(v) complying with laws, rules and regulations or requests by government departments, judicial authorities,
            law
            enforcement, or private parties, which are typically designed to uphold Internet security and the rights,
            property and safety of us, our users and third parties; and/or
(vi) evaluating or completing a transaction where we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due
            diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or other event where your
            information may be sold or transferred.
BASES FOR USING YOUR INFORMATION
We will only collect and process personal information where we have lawful bases and we typically rely on one of
        the following four legal bases: -
(i) consent(where you have given consent);
(ii) contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, for example, to
            operate the site or deliver any services you have requested);
(iii) legitimate interests (for example we need to use your information to provide and improve our Services,
            including protecting your account, providing customer support). We rely on our legitimate interests as our
            lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent
            or our processing is otherwise required or permitted by law); and
(iv) legal obligations (to comply with the laws, rules and regulations or requests by government
            departments, judicial authorities or law enforcement).
If you have questions about the lawful bases on how we process your personal information, please contact us
        at
compliance@meitu.com
(please quote “Meitu App” in your email title)
.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
Our Services may contain links to other websites and services. In addition, other websites and services may
        reference or link to our Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and we do not
        endorse or make any representations about third party websites or services. We encourage our users to read the
        privacy policies of each and every website and service with which they interact. Visiting these other websites
        or services is at your own risk.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We will take reasonable measures to prevent the loss, improper use of, unauthorized access to or disclosure of
        information. For example, some of our Services will use encryption techniques (such as SSL) to protect your
        personal information. However, you understand and accept that (in the Internet industry) even though we take
        reasonable security measures, we cannot always guarantee that your information is 100% secure. You understand
        and accept that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. We do not accept
        liability for unintentional disclosure. Further, you understand and accept that the system and communication
        network used by you to access our Services may fail due to factors beyond our control.
INFORMATION ACCESS AND CONTROL
We will take all reasonable and appropriate technical measures to ensure that you can access, update and correct
        your personal information or other personal information provided to us by you when using our Services. Before
        you access, update, correct or remove such personal information, we may verify your identity in order to protect
        the security of your account.
DATA RETENTION
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of our business or legal purposes, we will
        delete your information (including your personal information) promptly upon your termination of your account
        with us.
PRIVACY RIGHTS
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: (i) request confirmation of whether we are
        processing your personal information; (ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal information; (iii)
        receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that
        information to another company (right to data portability); (iv) object to or restrict our uses of your personal
        information; (v) seek correction or amendment of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or improperly processed
        personal information; (vi) withdraw your consent; and (vii) request erasure of personal information held about
        you by us, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
If you wish to exercise your rights, you may send an email to
compliance@meitu.com
(
please quote
            “Meitu App” in your email title
) or mail your request to Unit 8106B, Level 81,
        International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu). We
        will process your request in line with applicable laws within a reasonable period of time after receiving your
        email or mail, and will cease collecting, using and disclosing your personal information thereafter, subject to
        certain exceptions prescribed by law. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity before
        fulfilling your request. Please note that if you withdraw your consent or delete your personal information, your
        use of some of our Services may be affected.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their
        rights conferred by the California Consumer Privacy Act.
INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN
We will not knowingly collect or request personal information from children under
1
6 (or any other age stipulated by law applicable to your
                region). If you are under 16, please do not send your personal information to us, including but not
                limited to your name, address, phone number or email address. If you believe we may have any information
                about children under 16(or any other age stipulated by law as children applicable to your region), you
                may send an email to
compliance@meitu.com
(
please
                    quote “Meitu App” in your email title
) or
send a registered
                mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong
                Kong
(attention: Legal Department, Meitu). If we learn that we have collected
                personal information from children under 16 (or any other age stipulated by law applicable to your
                region), we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the associated
                account.
CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
Depending on the jurisdiction in which you are a user of, and subject to the special rules and policy
                of such jurisdiction as stated in this Policy, you understand and agree that all information collected
                via or by us may be transferred, processed,
                and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the People’s Republic of China,
                the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China (“Hong
                Kong”), Japan, South Korea, Singapore, the United States, the European Union, in the cloud, on our
                servers, on the servers of our affiliates, or the servers of our service providers, in order to provide
                our Services.
GOVERNING LAW
This Policy is established, comes into force, and will be enforced and interpreted under the laws of
        Hong Kong, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Any disputes arising hereunder will also be
        resolved in accordance with the Terms of Service. We do not represent or warrant that this Policy complies with
        the privacy law of any jurisdiction. Therefore, you should not interpret this Policy in accordance with such
        law.
AMENDMENTS TO THIS POLICY
You agree that we may update this Policy according to relevant laws and regulations or based on our business
        decisions, and you agree to be bound by any such revisions hereto. We will post any significant changes to this
        Policy on Meitu or notify you by other means as required by law.
FOR USERS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND THE UNITED KINGDOM
For cases in which we process personal information within the scope of the European General Data Protection
        Regulation and the UK General Data Protection Regulation(collectively,“
GDPR
”), you
        will find the relevant details on the processing of your
        personal information in the GDPR Notice below.
FOR USERS IN JAPAN
Right to data disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use
If you are in Japan, as a data subject, you have the right to request the disclosure, correction, erasure or
        suspension of use of your personal information, and we are obliged to meet your request without undue delay. You
        may send your request by email to
compliance@meitu.com
(
please quote “Meitu App” in
            your email title
) or by mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road
        West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
FOR USERS IN SOUTH KOREA
International Data Transfers
We process the personal information of users only within the scope specified under HOW WE USE INFORMATION, and in
        principle, will not provide personal information of users to a third party. However, with your consent, for
        purposes of providing our Services described under INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE to you, we may collect
        your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it elsewhere.
• Personal information transferred: please refer to the section “The Information We Collect” of
            this Policy above
• Transfer date and method: transferred on submission for storage and processing
• Country to which personal information is transferred: the People’s Republic of China
• Retention of personal information: please refer to the section “Data Retention” of this Policy
            above
Also, we may transfer your personal information to the following third parties located outside of South Korea:
Name of the person providing personal information
Purpose of the use of personal information
Particulars of personal information to be collected
Period for retaining and using personal information
Apple Inc.
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Subscription payment services
IDFA, IP User's UID, location
For such period as stated in the privacy policy of the relevant third-party platform
Google LLC
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User's UID, Location
Meta Platforms, Inc.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User's UID, location
Tencent Holdings Ltd.
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User's UID, location
Alibaba (China) Co., Ltd.
https://www.alibabagroup.com/en-US/privacy-policy
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User's UID, location
Whenever we share information outside of where you live, we ensure that the transfer complies with your local law
        so that your personal information is adequately protected.
If you do not wish to have your personal information transferred outside of South Korea, we will be unable to
        provide you with our products or Services.
Also, we may receive your personal information from the following third parties:
Name of the person providing personal information
Purpose of the use of personal information
Particulars of personal information to be collected
Period for retaining and using personal information
Apple Inc.
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Subscription payment services
IDFA, IP User’s UID, Location
Until your termination of your account with us
Google LLC
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Meta Platforms, Inc.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, User’s UID
Tencent Holdings Ltd.
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, User’s UID
Alibaba (China) Co., Ltd.
https://www.alibabagroup.com/en-US/privacy-policy
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User's UID, location
Data Retention
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of our business or legal purposes, we will
        delete your information (including your personal information) promptly upon your termination of your account
        with us. We will destroy your personal information according to the following procedures and methods.
1. Procedures for Destruction: We select personal information subject to destruction and destroy them with
            approval of our data protection officer.
2. Method of Destruction: We will destroy personal information stored and filed electronically in a way that
            can be deleted by using a means that renders the record irrecoverable as far as possible.
Department in Charge of Protecting Personal Information and Handling Complaints
Xiamen Meitu Technology Co., Ltd.
Attn: Arthur Law, Head of Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Email:
compliance@meitu.com (please quote “Meitu App” in your email title)
History of the Revision of the Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy (updated on 12/06/2023)
FOR USERS IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
You agree that Meitu and the Companies may use facial recognition technology to collect biometric information
        from the photos or images you provide. Meitu and the Companies may use such information to verify your identity,
        to provide and improve the Service, and for our internal research purposes. If your biometric information is
        subject to the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act, we will delete your biometric information within
        three years of your last interaction with the Service.
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
(i) confirm whether or not we are processing your personal information;
(ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal information with accompanying details;
(iii) receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send
            that information to another company i.e., right of data portability;
(iv) correct your personal information;
(v) request to opt-out of certain processing activities including, as applicable, if we process your
            personal information for “targeted advertising” (as “targeted advertising” is
            defined by applicable privacy laws), if we “sell” your personal information (as
            “sell” is defined by applicable privacy laws), or if we engage in profiling in furtherance of
            certain decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you;
(vi) request erasure of personal information held about you by us; and
(vii) appeal our decision to decline to process your request.
If you would like to exercise any of your rights under the applicable privacy laws, please contact our Data
        Protection Officer via email at
compliance@meitu.com
(please quote “Meitu” in your email
            title)
or via registered mail at Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road
        West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu). We will process such requests in accordance with
        applicable laws.
If you are a Virginia resident and would like to appeal our decision with respect to your request, you may do so
        by informing us of this and providing us with information supporting your appeal.
The following paragraphs only apply to our processing of your personal information that is subject to the
        California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended from time to time) (“
CCPA
”).
The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information we have
        collected about them, and whether we disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a
        service provider) in the preceding twelve months. California residents can find this information below:
Category of Personal Information Collected
Category of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information is Disclosed to for a Business
                            Purpose
Identifiers
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code
                        § 1798.80(e))
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Commercial information
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Biometric information
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Internet or other electronic network activity
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Geolocation data
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Sensory data
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Professional or employment-related information
N/A
Non-public education information (per the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Sec.
                        1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99))
N/A
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s social security, driver’s license,
                        state identification card, or passport number
N/A
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit
                        card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password,
                        or credentials allowing access to an account
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s precise geolocation
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s racial or ethnic origin, religious or
                        philosophical beliefs, or union membership
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Personal information that reveals the contents of a consumer’s mail, email, and text
                        messages unless Figma is the intended recipient of the communication
N/A
Personal information that reveals consumer’s genetic data
N/A
Biometric information that is processed for the purpose of uniquely identifying a consumer
N/A
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health
N/A
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s sex life or sexual
                        orientation
N/A
The categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information and our business and commercial purposes for
        using and disclosing Personal Information are set forth in “The Information We Collect”, “How
        We Use Information”, and “Information Sharing and Disclosure” above, respectively. We will
        retain personal information in accordance with the time periods set forth in “Data Retention” above.
In the preceding twelve months, we have not “sold” any personal information (as defined by the CCPA),
        nor do we have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of
        age.
In the preceding twelve months, we have not “shared” any personal information for
        “cross-context behavioral advertising” (as such terms are defined in the CCPA), nor do we have
        actual knowledge of any “sharing” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age for
        “cross-context behavioral advertising”
We only use and disclose sensitive personal information for the following purposes:
(i) To provide the Services.
(ii) To prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity,
            integrity, and or confidentiality of stored or transmitted personal information.
(iii) To resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at us and to prosecute those
            responsible for those actions.
(iv) To ensure the physical safety of natural persons.
(v) To verify or maintain the quality or safety of our products, Services, or devices, and to improve,
            upgrade, or enhance our Services or devices.
(vi) For purposes that do not infer characteristics about individuals.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their
        rights conferred by the CCPA.
To protect your privacy, we will take steps to reasonably verify your identity before fulfilling requests
        submitted under the CCPA. These steps may involve asking you to provide sufficient information that allows us to
        reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized
        representative. Examples of our verification process may include asking you to provide the email address or
        phone number we have associated with you and providing a verification code that is sent to your email address or
        phone number.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to
        your personal information. To authorize an agent, provide written authorization signed by you and your
        designated agent and contact us using the information in “Privacy Rights” above for additional
        instructions.
We do not “sell” personal information or “share” personal information for
        “cross-context behavioral advertising” so we do not respond to opt-out preference signals.
If you are a Nevada resident, we do not “sell” your personal information.
FOR USERS IN BRAZIL
Legal basis for processing data
If you are in Brazil, the legal basis for processing your personal information that we may rely on are:
(i)consent (where you have given consent);
(ii)contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, for example, to operate
        the site or deliver any services you have requested);
(iii)legal obligations (to comply with the laws, rules and regulations or requests by government departments,
        judicial authorities or law enforcement); and
(iv)to prevent fraud and for the purpose of protect credit.
If you have questions about the lawful bases on how we process your personal information, please contact us at
        compliance@meitu.com (please quote “Meitu App” in your email title).
Right to data disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use, portability and to withdraw
                consent
If you are in Brazil, as a data subject, you have the right to request the disclosure, correction, erasure,
        suspension of use or portability of your personal data, as well as the rights to withdraw consent and to be
        informed about the potential negative consequences of such withdrawal, and to be informed about public and
        private entities with which we have shared your personal data, and we are obliged to meet your request without
        undue delay. You may send your request by email to compliance@meitu.com (please quote “Meitu App” in your email
        title) or by mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong
        (attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
Sensitive personal information
If you are in Brazil, you understand and agree that, in order to be able to render our Services to you, we may
        collect sensitive personal information, such as facial features, gender, age of the characters in photos and
        other elements contained in photos.
Representative
If you are in Brazil, you can contact our Data Protection Officer via email at compliance@meitu.com (please quote
        “Meitu App” in your email title) or mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road
        West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
International Data Transfers
To provide our Services to you, we may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and
        process it elsewhere.
• Personal information transferred: please refer to the section “The Information We Collect” of this Policy
            above
• Transfer date and method: transferred on submission for storage and processing
• Country to which personal information is transferred: The People's Republic of China
• Retention of personal information: please refer to the section “Data Retention” of this Policy above
Whenever we share information outside of where you live, we ensure that the transfer complies with your local law
        so that your personal information is adequately protected.
Data Retention
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of our business or legal purposes, we will
        retain your information (including your personal information) for such period as is required for us to continue
        to provide you with our Services, as well as during the limitations statutes set forth in the Brazilian Civil
        Core, LGPD, Brazilian Civil Rights Framework for the Internet, and Brazilian Consumer Protection Code.
We will destroy your personal information without delay when your personal information becomes unnecessary. When
        we destroy your personal information, we will take commercially reasonable and technically feasible measures to
        ensure the personal information is permanently deleted.
After the termination of Services we may retain your personal information to comply with legal or regulatory
        obligations, transfer to third parties, provided that the requirements for data processing as provided in LGPD
        are obeyed, and for our exclusive use, provided the information will be anonymized.
Choice of law
If you are resident in Brazil, this Policy will be enforced and interpreted under the laws of Brazil.
GDPR NOTICE
In context with the provision of the Services we process personal data.
If the GDPR applies to our processing of your personal data, we process personal data only in accordance with the
        GDPR. In our above (general) Privacy Policy, you find information on when the GDPR applies to our processing of
        personal data. This GDPR Notice supplements the above (general) Privacy Policy and includes detailed information
        on our processing of your personal data under the GDPR.
I. Information on the controller
1. Identity and contact details of the controller
Xiamen Meitu Technology Co., Ltd.
Meitu Tower, Building 2,
Meifeng Innovation Valley, No. 2557,
Binhai West Avenue, Tong'an District,
Xiamen, China
compliance@meitu.com
2. Identity and contact details of the controller’s representatives
The European Union
Rivacy GmbH
Mexikoring 33
22297 Hamburg
info@rivacy.eu
The United Kingdom
Rivacy Limited
87, Warriner Gardens, Unit G1/G2,
London, SW11 4DX,
United Kingdom
3. Contact details of the controller’s data protection officer
Xiamen Meitu Technology Co., Ltd.
Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
compliance@meitu.com
II. Information on the processing of personal data
1. Details on the personal data which are processed
Categories of personal data processed
Personal data included in the categories
Sources of the data
Obligation of the data subject to provide the data
Storage duration
Protocol Data
Protocol data which accrue when using the Services to provide content from the server of our
                        applications.
The data accruing during use is defined by the network protocol for transferring information
                        between your terminal device and the applications' server.
This includes IP address, type and version of the mobile operating system used, the content
                        accessed, the content previously accessed, date and time of access.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
If the data is not provided, we cannot provide the content of our applications requested by you.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Registration Data
Name, username, gender, date of birth, mobile phone number, location.
User of the Services
The provision of the information marked as mandatory during the registration process is a
                        requirement necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to
                        provide the data.
If the mandatory information is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Subscription Data
Information on current and/or past subscriptions.
User of the Services
The provision of the information marked as mandatory during the registration process is a
                        requirement necessary to enter into a subscription contract. The provision of other data is not
                        a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
                        There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the mandatory information is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Mobile Device Data
Information about your mobile device, including its International Mobile Equipment Identity
                        (IMEI), Unique Device Identifier (UDID) or Android ID, Universally Unique Identifier (GUUID),
                        User ID (UID), Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and Identifier for Vendor (IDFV), Open
                        Anonymous Device Identifier (OAID), Integrated Circuit Card Identifier (ICCID), Media Access
                        Control (MAC) address, Google Advertising ID (GAID), the type of device you use, operating
                        system version, a list of mobile applications installed on your device and resolution.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
If the data is not provided, we cannot provide the content of our applications requested by you.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Mobile Analytics Data
Information to better understand and improve the functionality of our Services. These include
                        information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the
                        application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Network Data
Name of the operator and the type of network, name of the WiFi network to which you connect, the
                        location of the WiFi network, and the duration of your WiFi connection.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Location Data
Country code, latitude and longitude, network location, IP address and the system country and
                        system time zone recorded on your device.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Log Data
Log Information may include (i) details on when and how often you use our Services,
                        (ii) device statistics, including critical operation paths, errors, crashes, language and
                        time zone.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Image Data
Photo/video of the data subject; EXIF data stored in the image file (EXIF data may contain GPS
                        coordinates where photos were taken and processed, equipment type, ISO and information about the
                        front and rear cameras and creation time, depending on the equipment manufacturer).
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data are stored in server log files for a maximum period of 21 days.
Voice Data
Voice of data subject.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data are stored in server log files for a maximum period of 21 days.
Meta Data
Information which describes the analysis results of facial features, gender, age of the
                        characters in photos and other elements contained in photos.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Face Recognition Data
Facial feature information of data subject (including but not limited to facial images and facial
                        marks).
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
When the content recommendation is finished or upon the closing of the application, the facial
                        mapping information is discarded.
Cookie Data
Data subject’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider
                        (ISP), referring and exit pages, operating system, dates and timestamps, clickstream data.
To the extent such personal data is stored in cookies, you can find more detailed information in
                        Section III below.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
The data will be erased when the user logs out from their account. The cookie will be replaced
                        when the token is expired (after 30 days).
Advertisement Data
Advertising ID (including IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IMSI, ICCID, GAID, MEID, mac addr, IDFV, IDFA),
                        geographic location and IP address.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
If you do not provide this data we are not able to provide you with interest-based advertising.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Third Party Tracking Data
Device identifiers, region (defined as the location where a given language is used), location
                        information, IP address.
To the extent such personal data is stored in cookies, you can find more detailed information in
                        Section III below.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
                        data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
                        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
2. Details on the processing of the personal data
Purpose of processing the personal data
Categories of personal data processed
Automated decision-making
Legal basis and, where applicable, legitimate interests
Recipient
Provision of the Services
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
Network Data
Location Data
Image Data
Voice Data
Meta Data
Face Recognition Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
For processing activities relating to the app user:
Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR (performance of a contract to which the data subject is party
                        or taking steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract)
For processing of Location Data: Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
For processing activities relating to data subjects different from the device owner:
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is the provision of our services
Alibaba (China) Co., Ltd.
Statistical analysis (develop and analyse statistics on the use of our products and Services for
                        the purpose of improving our products and Services)
Protocol Data
Mobile Device Data
Mobile Analytics Data
Network Data
Location Data
Log Data
Cookie Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Alibaba (China) Co., Ltd.
Creating an account
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
Location Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is the provision of the content of our applications requested by the
                        user.
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Providing location-based services (for providing user with advertising, the correct version of
                        our Services and help user gaining good user experience)
Protocol Data
Location Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Improving user experience (optional features such as user experience programs allow us to analyse
                        data regarding the use of our products and our Services and improve user experience)
Protocol Data
Mobile Device Data
Mobile Analytics Data
Network Data
Location Data
Log Data
Image Data
Meta Data
Cookie Data
Third Party Tracking Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc,
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Alibaba (China) Co., Ltd.
Providing push services (for assessing the performance of adverts and the success of software
                        updates, or providing notifications on new product releases)
Protocol Data
Mobile Device Data
Advertisement Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Verifying user’s identity
Protocol Data
Registration Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
In this case, our legitimate interest is verifying your identity to be able to provide the
                        Services to you.
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Collecting feedback from user (to help us improve our Services)
Protocol Data
Registration Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Complying with any applicable rules, laws and regulations, codes of practice or guidelines or to
                        assist in law enforcement and investigations by relevant authorities
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (c) GDPR (necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the
                        controller is subject)
Public authorities
Other Meitu entities
Maintaining the safe and stable operation of the Services, such as identifying or dealing with
                        any failure of the Services
Protocol Data
Network Data
Log Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is ensuring the safe and stable operation of the IT infrastructure used
                        for the provision of the Services.
Other Meitu entities
Protecting the security of your account, network, operation, and system, and to prevent phishing,
                        website fraud and Trojan horse viruses
Protocol Data
Network Data
Log Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is ensuring the security of the IT infrastructure used for the provision
                        of our websites, in particular for the detection, elimination and conclusive documentation of
                        incidents (e.g. DDoS attacks).
Other Meitu entities
Processing of requests (customer service)
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
If your request concerns a contract to which you are party or the performance of pre-contractual
                        measures:
Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR (performance of a contract to which the data subject is party
                        or taking steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract).
Otherwise:
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
In this case, our legitimate interest is the processing of your request.
Other Meitu entities
3. Details on the recipients of personal data and the transfer of personal data to third countries and/or
            international organizations
Recipient
Recipient’s role
Transfers to third countries and/or international organisations
Adequacy decision or appropriate or suitable safeguards for transfers to third countries
                            and/or international organisations
Huawei Cloud Computing Technologies Co., Ltd.
Processor
People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the P.R. China. We have secured your data
                        by concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR
                        with the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated
                        above.
Other Meitu entities:
· Meitu (China) Limited
· Xiamen Home Meitu Technology Co., Ltd.
· 台灣美圖之家技術有限公司
Processor
People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the P.R. China. We have secured your data
                        by concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR
                        with the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated
                        above.
Apple Inc.
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by
                        concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with
                        the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Google LLC
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by
                        concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with
                        the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Meta Platform, Inc.
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by
                        concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with
                        the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Processor
People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the P.R. China. We have secured your data
                        by concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR
                        with the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated
                        above.
Alibaba (China) Co., Ltd.
Processor
People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for People’s Republic of China. We have
                        secured your data by concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to
                        Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact
                        address stated above.
III. Information on the use of cookies
or similar technologies
The following section currently only deals with cookies. If similar technologies (browser fingerprints, local
        storage, session storage, etc.) are used, this section would have to be adapted accordingly.
We use cookies in connection with offering our Services. In doing so, we use the processing and storage functions
        of your device and/or your device’s browser and collect information from the memory of your device and/or
        your device’s browser.
You will find more detailed information on this in the following.
1. General information on cookies
Cookies are small text files with information that can be placed on a user’s device when an app is used or
        a website is visited. When the relevant app or website is used or visited again with the same device, the cookie
        and the information it contains can be retrieved.
a) First-party and third-party cookies
Depending on where a cookie comes from, a distinction can be made between first-party cookies and third-party
        cookies:
First-party cookies
Cookies that are placed and accessed by the operator of the app or website as the controller or
                        by a processor engaged by the controller
Third-party cookies
Cookies that are placed and accessed by controllers other than the operator of the app or website
                        that are not processors engaged by the operator of the app or website
b) Transient and persistent cookies
A distinction can be made between transient and persistent cookies depending on how long they remain active:
Transient cookies
(Session cookies)
Cookies that are automatically deleted when you close the app or your browser
Persistent cookies
Cookies that remain stored on your device for a certain period of time after the app or browser
                        is closed
c) Consent-free cookies and cookies requiring consent
Users’ consent is required for some cookies depending on their function and purpose of use. Thus, a
        distinction can be made between cookies that require users’ consent and those that do not:
Consent-free cookies
Cookies that have as their sole purpose to transmit a message using an electronic communication
                        network
Cookies that are necessary so that the party offering a service that has been expressly requested
                        by a participant or user can provide this service (“strictly necessary cookies”)
Cookies requiring consent
Cookies for all purposes of use other than the aforementioned
2. Management of the cookies used in our app and on our website
a) Granting and withdrawing consents to the use of cookies in the data protection settings of our
                app and website
If consent is necessary for the use of certain cookies, we only use these cookies if you have previously granted
        your consent to this. You can find information as to whether the use of a particular cookie requires consent in
        the information on the cookies used in our Services in
Section III.3.
of this Privacy
        Policy.
You cannot deactivate cookies that are strictly necessary in the data protection settings of our app or website.
        However, you can generally deactivate these cookies in your app or browser at any time.
b) Managing cookies using device/browser settings
You can also manage the use of cookies in your device’s or your browser’s settings. Different
        browsers have different ways to configure cookie settings. You can find more extensive information on this, for
        example at
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/
.
However, we would like to point out that some functions of our app or website may not work properly or at all if
        you deactivate cookies in general on your device.
3. Cookies used in our app and on our website
The following cookies may be used in our app and on our website:
Name
First-party / third-party
Purpose of use and content
Effective term
Consent necessary?
mt_access_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is
                        expired (30 days).
No
mt_web_access_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is
                        expired (30 days).
No
mt_temp_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is
                        expired (30 days).
No
mt_grant_access_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is
                        expired (30 days)
No
IV. Information on the rights of data subjects
As a data subject, you have the following rights with regard to the processing of your personal data:
• Right of access (Art. 15 GDPR)
• Right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR)
• Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) (Art. 17 GDPR)
• Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR)
• Right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR)
• Right to object (Art. 21 GDPR)
• Right to withdraw consent (Art. 7 (3) GDPR)
You may contact us for the purpose of exercising these rights using the contact information in
Section
            I
.
Where applicable, you find information on any specific modalities and mechanisms which facilitate the exercise of
        your rights, in particular the exercise of your rights to data portability and to object, in the information on
        the processing of personal data in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (Art. 77 GDPR).
Below you find more detailed information on your rights with regard to the processing of your personal data:
1. Right of access
As a data subject, you have a right to obtain access and information under the conditions provided in
        Art. 15 GDPR.
This means in particular that you have the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether we are processing
        your personal data. If so, you also have the right to obtain access to the personal data and the information
        listed in Art. 15 (1) GDPR. This includes information regarding the purposes of the processing, the
        categories of personal data that are being processed and the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the
        personal data have been or will be disclosed (Art. 15 (1) (a), (b) and (c) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to access and information in Art. 15 GDPR.
2. Right to rectification
As a data subject, you have the right to rectification under the conditions provided in Art. 16 GDPR.
This means in particular that you have the right to receive from us without undue delay the rectification of
        inaccuracies in your personal data and completion of incomplete personal data.
You can find the full extent of your right to rectification in Art. 16 GDPR.
3. Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”)
As a data subject, you have a right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) under the conditions
        provided in Art. 17 GDPR.
This means that you have the right to obtain from us the erasure of your personal data and we are obliged to
        erase your personal data without undue delay when one of the reasons listed in Art. 17 (1) GDPR
        applies. This can be the case, for example, if personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes
        for which they were collected or otherwise processed (Art. 17 (1) (a) GDPR).
If we have made the personal data public and are obliged to erase it, we are also obliged, taking account of
        available technology and the cost of implementation, to take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to
        inform controllers which are processing the personal data that you have requested the erasure by such
        controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of those personal data (Art. 17 (2) GDPR).
The right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) does not apply if the processing is necessary for one
        of the reasons listed in Art. 17 (3) GDPR. This can be the case, for example, if the processing is
        necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims
        (Art. 17 (3) (b) and (e) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) in Art. 17 GDPR
4. Right to restriction of processing
As a data subject, you have a right to restriction of processing under the conditions provided in Art. 18
        GDPR.
This means that you have the right to obtain from us the restriction of processing if one of the conditions
        provided in Art. 18 (1) GDPR applies. This can be the case, for example, if you contest the accuracy
        of the personal data. In such a case, the restriction of processing lasts for a period that enables us to verify
        the accuracy of the personal data (Art. 18 (1) (a) GDPR).
Restriction means that stored personal data are marked with the goal of restricting their future processing
        (Art. 4 (3) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to restriction of processing in Art. 18 GDPR
5. Right to data portability
As a data subject, you have a right to data portability under the conditions provided in Art. 20 GDPR.
This means that you generally have the right to receive your personal data with which you have provided us in a
        structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit those data to another controller without
        hindrance from us if the processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) or
        Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR and the
        processing is carried out by automated means (Art. 20 (1) GDPR).
You can find information as to whether an instance of processing is based on consent pursuant to
        Art. 6 (1) (a) or Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR or on a contract pursuant to
        Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
In exercising your right to data portability, you also generally have the right to have your personal data
        transmitted directly from us to another controller if technically feasible (Art. 20 (2) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to data portability in Art. 20 GDPR
6. Right to object
As a data subject, you have a right to object under the conditions provided in Art. 21 GDPR.
At the latest in our first communication with you, we expressly inform you of your right, as a data subject, to
        object.
More detailed information on this is given below:
Right to object on grounds relating to the particular situation of the data subject
As a data subject, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to
        processing of your personal data which is based on Art. 6 (1) (e) or (f), including profiling
        based on those provisions.
You can find information as to whether an instance of processing is based on Art. 6 (1) (e) or (f)
        GDPR in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this GDPR
        Notice.
In the event of an objection relating to your particular situation, we will no longer process your personal data
        unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights
        and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
You can find the full extent of your right to objection in Art. 21 GDPR, which can be accessed using the
        following link:
http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/HTML/?uri=CELEX:32016R0679
.
Right to object to direct marketing
Where your personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to
        processing of your personal data for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related
        to such direct marketing.
You can find information as to whether and to what extent personal data are processed for direct marketing
        purposes in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this
        GDPR Notice.
If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, we no longer process your personal data for these
        purposes.
You can find the full extent of your right to objection in Art. 21 GDPR
7. Right to withdraw consent
Where an instance of processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) or
        Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR, as a data subject you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time
        pursuant to Art. 7 (3) GDPR. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the legitimacy of the
        processing that occurred based on your consent until the withdrawal. We inform you of this before you grant your
        consent.
You can find information as to whether an instance of processing is based on Art. 6 (1) (a) or
        Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
8. Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
As a data subject, you have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority under the conditions
        provided in Art. 77 GDPR.
The supervisory authorities responsible for us are:
Der Hamburgische Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit
Ludwig-Erhard-Str 22, 20459 Hamburg
E-mail: mailbox@datenschutz.hamburg.de
Phone: +49 40 42854-4040
Information Commissioner’s Office
E-mail: dpo@ico.org.uk
Phone: 0303 123 1113
V. Information on the technical terms of the GDPR used in this GDPR Notice
The technical terms relating to data protection used in this GDPR Notice have the meaning used in the General
        Data Protection Regulation.
The full scope of the definitions of the General Data Protection Regulation can be found in Art. 4 GDPR
You will find more detailed information on the most important technical terms of the General Data Protection
        Regulation used in this GDPR Notice below:
“Personal data”
means any information relating to an identified or identifiable
        natural person (”data subject”); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified,
        directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number,
        location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic,
        mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person;
“Data subject”
means the respective identified or identifiable natural person, to
        which the personal data refers to;
“Processing”
means any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal
        data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording,
        organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by
        transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or
        destruction;
“Profiling”
means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of
        the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to
        analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person’s performance at work, economic situation,
        health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements;
“Controller”
means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other
        body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data;
        where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or
        the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law;
“Processor”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body
        which processes personal data on behalf of the controller;
“Recipient”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another
        body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which
        may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law
        shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in
        compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing;
“Third party”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body
        other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller
        or processor, are authorised to process personal data;
“International organisation”
means an organisation and its subordinate bodies
        governed by public international law, or any other body which is set up by, or on the basis of, an agreement
        between two or more countries; and
“Third country”
means a country which is not a member state of the European Union
        (”EU”) or the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United Kingdom.
Sub-policy 9
https://pro.meitu.com/xiuxiu/agreements/global-privacy-policy/20230612.html?lang=en:
Privacy Policy
Last Modified:
12 June 2023
Your privacy is important to us.
Xiamen Meitu Technology Co., Ltd. and its affiliates (“
we
”,
  “
us
” or “
our
”) are dedicated to protecting the privacy
  of our users (“
users
” or “
you
”). This Privacy Policy
  (this “
Policy
”) is meant to explain our practices regarding how we collect, store,
  use, manage and protect your user information (including your personal information) as a controller and/or
  business under applicable data protection laws during your use of Meitu application including all its features
  (our “
Services
”).
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited solely to your user information (including your personal
  information) collected or received by us when you are using our Services. In this Policy,
  “
personal information
” refers to any information or combination of information that
  can be used to identify, contact or locate an individual to whom the collected information pertains.
BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THIS POLICY AND THE COLLECTION, USE, PROCESSING, RETENTION,
  DISCLOSURE AND SHARING OF YOUR USER INFORMATION, INCLUDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, IN THE MANNER
  PROVIDED IN THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY OR ANY SUBSEQUENT
  CHANGES TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.
Please note that it is mandatory for you to provide certain categories of data (as specified at the time of
  collection). In the event that you do not provide any or sufficient data marked as mandatory, we may not be able
  to complete the registration process or provide you with our Services. Also, please note that, unless we define
  a term in this Policy, all capitalized terms used in this Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of
  Service. So, please make sure that you have read and understand our Terms of Service.
If you have any questions regarding this Policy or any privacy-related matters, please contact our Data
  Protection Officer via email at
compliance@meitu.com
(
please quote “Meitu App” in your
    email title
), or via registered mail at Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin
  Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu). Please note that for all other enquiries,
  feedback, suggestions and/or complaints not related to privacy or intellectual property infringement (including
  but not limited to any cancellation of subscription, payment disputes, refund requests and technical support of
  Meitu), you should contact us via email at
global.support@meitu.com
.
If your email is sent to
    an incorrect email address, relating to an incorrect subject matter, it may lead to a potential delay or
    failure in processing your requests properly.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In order to provide and improve our Services, we will collect and process your personal information and user
  information in accordance with this Policy. If you do not provide this information, we may be unable to provide
  you with our products or Services. You should ensure that all personal information and user information
  submitted to us is complete, accurate, true and correct. Failure on your part to do so may result in our
  inability to provide you with all or some of our Services.
Account Information
When you use our Services, we might recommend you sign up for an account with us to take full advantage of our
  Services and all their features. When you create an account, we will collect the following information that can
  be used to identify you or provide our Services to you:
• Mandatory: mobile phone number, device ID
• Optional: name, username, gender, date of birth, and location
Anyone can access our Services, but there are certain services that require a subscription fee, such as accessing
  to our premium content and enjoying advertisement privileges (“
Subscription
    Service
”). If you choose to make a purchase on our Subscription Service, we will collect
  certain personally identifiable information, such as your device ID. A third-party app store or payment
  processor may receive, access or use your financial information and billing address for the purpose of
  processing transactions and renewals. If you purchase content or sign up for Subscription Services through a
  third-party app store or a payment processor, you should refer to that third party’s terms for information
  on how it maintains and uses personal financial information for all purchases. For the avoidance of doubt, we
  will not collect any financial information from you.
Mobile Device Information
When you use our Services on your mobile device, we will collect information about your device, including its
  International Mobile Equipment Identity (“IMEI”), Unique Device Identifier (“UDID”) or
  Android ID, Universally Unique Identifier (“GUUID”), User ID (“UID”), Identifier for
  Advertising (“IDFA”) and Identifier for Vendor (“IDFV”), Open Anonymous Device
  Identifier (“OAID”) Integrated Circuit Card Identifier (“ICCID”), Media Access Control
  (“MAC”) address, the type of device you use, operating system version, a list of mobile applications
  installed on your device and resolution, which will be used by us for statistical and/or analytical reasons,
  including without limitation to improve our technical functionality, server load-balancing, analysis of
  technical data relating to your mobile device so as to optimize our Services and graphics adaptation.
As stated below in the “Location Information” section, we may collect your location-based information
  from your mobile device if you choose to share it with us. If you subsequently wish to stop sharing Location
  Information, you may do so at any time by editing the relevant setting on your mobile device.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand and improve the functionality of our Services.
  Such software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the
  application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from.
Network Information
When you use our Services, we will collect information about the network you use, including the name of the
  operator and the type of network, so as to understand the distribution of operators and networks used by our
  users. In addition, we will collect information such as the name of the WiFi network to which you connect, the
  location of the WiFi network, and the duration of your WiFi connection to understand the environment under which
  you prefer to use our Services.
Location Information
We may collect your location-based information from your mobile device if you choose to share it with us.
• Mandatory: network information, IP address, and system time zone
• Optional: country code, latitude and longitude, network location, and system country
This information will help us understand user distribution and usage scenarios and allow us to provide users with
  the correct version of our apps, the reappearance of the geo-location or the publishing of the real-time
  geo-location where you take any photos or shoot any videos, and improve our Services. Unless we obtain your
  consent, location data WILL NOT BE ACQUIRED or USED to identify you individually. Except as otherwise provided
  in this Policy, we will not share this Location Information with any third parties. If you no longer wish to
  allow us to collect or use such information, you may turn off your Internet access or GPS, or disable our access
  to information about your network, GPS and device. Please note that we may still continue to receive some
  Location Information, such as your Network Information, IP address and system time zone, as a result of you
  using our Services.
Log Information
When you use some of our Services, including generating and browsing certain content, we will automatically
  collect certain relevant log information stored in Meitu (“
Log Information
”). Log
  Information may include (i) details on when and how often you use our Services, (ii) device statistics,
  including critical operation paths, errors, crashes, language and time zone. This Log Information is used to
  improve our Services and is NOT USED to identify our users individually.
Image Information
By choosing to use the cloud editing feature of our Services, you understand and agree that we must upload your
  photos to our server for processing before returning processed photos to you for the purposes of providing such
  service to you and continuous optimization and that we will also receive the EXIF data about your photos (EXIF
  data may contain GPS coordinates where photos were taken and processed, equipment type, ISO and information
  about the front and rear cameras and creation time, depending on the equipment manufacturer) for the purpose of
  further optimizing our Services, such as providing a better match of photo effects to your equipment.
Voice Information
By enabling the microphone on Meitu, you agree that we may collect your voice data (i.e. audio clips or
  recordings of your voice) for video editing. We will not use your voice information for advertising purposes.
  You can turn off Meitu’s access to your microphone on your device at any time using the operating system
  settings on the device or by muting the microphone on your devices.
Metadata
Metadata refers to technical data associated with user content. Put simply, metadata is data that describes data.
  For example, metadata can describe the analysis results of facial features, gender, age of the characters in
  photos and other elements contained in photos, which are generated and tagged by the computer algorithm and
  artificial intelligence. When you use our Services, we will use photo metadata to provide you with certain
  features including precise “Facial Recognition”, “Key-Points Recognition”, “Region
  Segmentation”, “Content Tags” and other custom features based on a combination of these basic
  features. We may use your photo metadata to provide you with more suitable filters and better photo effect when
  our apps process your photos; we may also make use of the metadata to serve up a more contextually relevant
  products or services to you.
Facial Feature Information
In order to provide certain Services, apart from utilizing metadata as mentioned above, we may collect your
  facial feature information (including but not limited to facial images) and use face recognition technology to
  recognize faces in photos and camera experiences. We may detect and use facial marks to provide face recognition
  contents and facial manipulation features. Our Services may utilize calculation results of ARKit from Apple in
  relation to depth of facial mapping information, which may require to use your facial recognition features in
  order to ensure the face image processing effect and perform feature analysis using the algorithm. The
  information we collect will not be used for identifying a specific person, and is used to provide the mentioned
  features only. When the content recommendation is finished or upon the closing of the application, the facial
  mapping information is discarded. This information is not shared with any third parties.
We will neither use the results for other purposes, nor capture any data in the file nor upload data to the
  server for recording purposes.
Cookies
We use “cookies” that store and retrieve information of user’s usage from time to time to
  provide customized Services for each user. Cookies are small amounts of information that the server uses to
  operate the app/website, sends to the user’s device and are also stored on the hard disk in the
  user’s device. You may refuse the installation of cookies. Information collected may include information
  about your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring and exit
  pages, your operating system, dates and timestamps, and clickstream data.
• Purpose of use of cookies: Cookies are used to provide information optimized for each user by identifying
    the visit to and use type of each service and website that the user has visited, popular search terms,
    secure access status, etc.
• Installation, operation and refusal of cookies: A user may refuse the installation of cookies by sending an
    email to
global.support@meitu.com (please quote “Meitu App” in your email title)
.
• If a user refuses to store cookies, he or she may experience difficulties in using customized Services.
Advertising-Related Information
We and our third-party service providers may include advertisements within our Services, and with your consent,
  we may collect and use information about you such as your Advertising ID, geographic location and IP address for
  the purpose of delivering and tracking these advertisements. If your device does not have Advertising ID, we may
  use other persistent identifiers. We may also access your App list and collect the application package names of
  the applications installed on your device. We use the above information to help us better count, track and
  provide advertisements based on suitability, language, geographic location and other details. If you wish to opt
  out of interest-based advertising, you may opt out by sending email to
global.support@meitu.com
. Please
  note you will continue to receive generic ads after you opt out of interest-based advertising.
Information Collected by Third Party Services
Our Services provided to you may contain our service provider’s Application Programming Interfaces (APIs)
  or Software Development Kits (SDKs), which may have tracking tools of such service providers. These third
  parties may use cookies, APIs and SDKs on our Services and collect and analyze user information. In addition,
  some third-party SDKs may allow advertisers to collect information in order to provide content that is more
  relevant to you. Third parties may access your information such as your device identifiers, region (defined as
  the location where a given language is used), location information and IP address under their respective privacy
  policies. If you want to know more about such third parties, you may send an email to
compliance@meitu.com
    (please quote “Meitu App” in your email title).
Other Information
We may also collect other information which is not related to your identity. For example, we may collect
  information on the type and version number of your operating system to better understand system upgrades, we may
  collect information on your system language for the purpose of language adaptation, and we may collect your App
  list to understand user preferences. If we choose to collect such information, we will do so for the purpose of
  improving our Services provided to you. In addition, our Services may utilize calculation results of ARKit from
  Apple in relation to depth of facial mapping information, in order to achieve better facial image processing
  effect.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
In addition to the uses listed above, we collect and use your user information and personal information for the
  following purposes:
(i) Services.
To provide, process, maintain, improve and develop our Services provided to you, including customer support,
    and other services provided through our products.
(ii) Statistical analysis.
To develop and analyze statistics on the use of our products and
    Services for the purpose of improving our products and our Services.
(iii) To create an account.
The personal information that we collect when you use our Services to
    create an account will be used by us to create your account and profile.
(iv) To provide location-based services.
When you use our Services, we or third party service
    providers may take advantage of your location information to provide you with advertising, the correct
    version of our Services and help you gain good user experience.
(v) To improve user experience.
Certain optional features such as user experience programs
    allow Meitu to analyze data regarding the use of our products and our Services and improve user experience.
(vi) To provide push services.
Device information may be used by us to provide push services to
    assess the performance of adverts and the success of software updates, or provide notifications on new
    product releases.
(vii) To verify your identity.
Verifying your identity using a text message when you log in to
    your account helps prevent unauthorized logins to your account.
(viii) To collect feedback from you.
Your feedback is of great value in helping Meitu improve our
    Services. To keep track of your feedback, Meitu may use the personal information provided by you to contact
    you and retain the records.
(ix) Other purposes.
We will collect, store, maintain and use information about you for purposes
    under the “The Information We Collect”, and for purposes of running our operations, pursuing our
    legitimate interests (e.g., research (including marketing research), network and information security, and
    fraud prevention), and satisfying our legal obligations.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We may share your information with third parties who provide services on our behalf to help with our business
  activities. These services may include:
(i) Fulfilling orders and delivering packages;
(ii) Providing you with advertising;
(iii) Payment processing;
(iv) Providing customer services;
(v) Fulfilling subscription services;
(vi) Conducting research and analysis; and
(vii) Providing cloud computing infrastructure.
We will not share with or disclose to third parties (other than our service providers) your personal information
  in whole or in part except for the purposes of:
(i) protecting the security of others or their property;
(ii) preventing or dealing with fraud;
(iii) safeguarding our legitimate rights and interests;
(iv) taking action in line with our purposes as described in the “The Information We Collect” or the
    “How We Use Information” sections;
(v) complying with laws, rules and regulations or requests by government departments, judicial authorities, law
    enforcement, or private parties, which are typically designed to uphold Internet security and the rights,
    property and safety of us, our users and third parties; and/or
(vi) evaluating or completing a transaction where we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due
    diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or other event where your
    information may be sold or transferred.
BASES FOR USING YOUR INFORMATION
We will only collect and process personal information where we have lawful bases and we typically rely on one of
  the following four legal bases: -
(i) consent(where you have given consent);
(ii) contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, for example, to
    operate the site or deliver any services you have requested);
(iii) legitimate interests (for example we need to use your information to provide and improve our Services,
    including protecting your account, providing customer support). We rely on our legitimate interests as our
    lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent
    or our processing is otherwise required or permitted by law); and
(iv) legal obligations (to comply with the laws, rules and regulations or requests by government
    departments, judicial authorities or law enforcement).
If you have questions about the lawful bases on how we process your personal information, please contact us
  at
compliance@meitu.com
(please quote “Meitu App” in your email title)
.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
Our Services may contain links to other websites and services. In addition, other websites and services may
  reference or link to our Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and we do not
  endorse or make any representations about third party websites or services. We encourage our users to read the
  privacy policies of each and every website and service with which they interact. Visiting these other websites
  or services is at your own risk.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We will take reasonable measures to prevent the loss, improper use of, unauthorized access to or disclosure of
  information. For example, some of our Services will use encryption techniques (such as SSL) to protect your
  personal information. However, you understand and accept that (in the Internet industry) even though we take
  reasonable security measures, we cannot always guarantee that your information is 100% secure. You understand
  and accept that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. We do not accept
  liability for unintentional disclosure. Further, you understand and accept that the system and communication
  network used by you to access our Services may fail due to factors beyond our control.
INFORMATION ACCESS AND CONTROL
We will take all reasonable and appropriate technical measures to ensure that you can access, update and correct
  your personal information or other personal information provided to us by you when using our Services. Before
  you access, update, correct or remove such personal information, we may verify your identity in order to protect
  the security of your account.
DATA RETENTION
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of our business or legal purposes, we will
  delete your information (including your personal information) promptly upon your termination of your account
  with us.
PRIVACY RIGHTS
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: (i) request confirmation of whether we are
  processing your personal information; (ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal information; (iii)
  receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that
  information to another company (right to data portability); (iv) object to or restrict our uses of your personal
  information; (v) seek correction or amendment of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or improperly processed
  personal information; (vi) withdraw your consent; and (vii) request erasure of personal information held about
  you by us, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
If you wish to exercise your rights, you may send an email to
compliance@meitu.com
(
please quote
  “Meitu App” in your email title
) or mail your request to Unit 8106B, Level 81,
  International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu). We
  will process your request in line with applicable laws within a reasonable period of time after receiving your
  email or mail, and will cease collecting, using and disclosing your personal information thereafter, subject to
  certain exceptions prescribed by law. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity before
  fulfilling your request. Please note that if you withdraw your consent or delete your personal information, your
  use of some of our Services may be affected.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their
  rights conferred by the California Consumer Privacy Act.
INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN
We will not knowingly collect or request personal information from children under
1
6 (or any other age stipulated by law applicable to your
  region). If you are under 16, please do not send your personal information to us, including but not
  limited to your name, address, phone number or email address. If you believe we may have any information
  about children under 16, you may send an email to
compliance@meitu.com
(
please
  quote “Meitu App” in your email title
) or
send a registered
  mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong
  Kong
(attention: Legal Department, Meitu). If we learn that we have collected
  personal information from children under 16 (or any other age stipulated by law applicable to your
  region), we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the associated
  account.
CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
You understand and agree that all information collected via or by us may be transferred, processed,
  and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the People’s Republic of China,
  the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China (“Hong
  Kong”), Japan, South Korea, Singapore, the United States, the European Union, in the cloud, on our
  servers, on the servers of our affiliates, or the servers of our service providers, in order to provide
  our Services.
GOVERNING LAW
This Policy is established, comes into force, and will be enforced and interpreted under the laws of
  Hong Kong, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Any disputes arising hereunder will also be
  resolved in accordance with the Terms of Service. We do not represent or warrant that this Policy complies with
  the privacy law of any jurisdiction. Therefore, you should not interpret this Policy in accordance with such
  law.
AMENDMENTS TO THIS POLICY
You agree that we may update this Policy according to relevant laws and regulations or based on our business
  decisions, and you agree to be bound by any such revisions hereto. We will post any significant changes to this
  Policy on Meitu or notify you by other means as required by law.
FOR USERS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND THE UNITED KINGDOM
For cases in which we process personal information within the scope of the European General Data Protection
  Regulation and the UK General Data Protection Regulation(collectively,“
GDPR
”), you will find the relevant details on the processing of your
  personal information in the GDPR Notice below.
FOR USERS IN JAPAN
Right to data disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use
If you are in Japan, as a data subject, you have the right to request the disclosure, correction, erasure or
  suspension of use of your personal information, and we are obliged to meet your request without undue delay. You
  may send your request by email to
compliance@meitu.com
(
please quote “Meitu App” in
    your email title
) or by mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road
  West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
FOR USERS IN SOUTH KOREA
International Data Transfers
We process the personal information of users only within the scope specified under HOW WE USE INFORMATION, and in
  principle, will not provide personal information of users to a third party. However, with your consent, for
  purposes of providing our Services described under INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE to you, we may collect
  your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it elsewhere.
• Personal information transferred: please refer to the section “The Information We Collect” of
    this Policy above
• Transfer date and method: transferred on submission for storage and processing
• Country to which personal information is transferred: the People’s Republic of China
• Retention of personal information: please refer to the section “Data Retention” of this Policy
    above
Also, we may transfer your personal information to the following third parties located outside of South Korea:
Name of the person providing personal information
Purpose of the use of personal information
Particulars of personal information to be collected
Period for retaining and using personal information
Apple Inc.
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Subscription payment services
IDFA, IP User's UID, location
For such period as stated in the privacy policy of the relevant third-party platform
Google LLC
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User's UID, location
Meta Platforms, Inc.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User's UID, location
Tencent Holdings Ltd.
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User's UID, location
Whenever we share information outside of where you live, we ensure that the transfer complies with your local law
  so that your personal information is adequately protected.
If you do not wish to have your personal information transferred outside of South Korea, we will be unable to
  provide you with our products or Services.
Also, we may receive your personal information from the following third parties:
Name of the person providing personal information
Purpose of the use of personal information
Particulars of personal information to be collected
Period for retaining and using personal information
Apple Inc.
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Subscription payment services
IDFA, IP User’s UID, Location
Until your termination of your account with us
Google LLC
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
IDFA, GAID, Android ID, IP User’s UID, location
Meta Platforms, Inc.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, User’s UID
Tencent Holdings Ltd.
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/dbd484ce652c486cb6d7e43ef12cefb0
Android ID, IDFA, GAID, User’s UID
Data Retention
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of our business or legal purposes, we will
  delete your information (including your personal information) promptly upon your termination of your account
  with us. We will destroy your personal information according to the following procedures and methods.
1. Procedures for Destruction: We select personal information subject to destruction and destroy them with
    approval of our data protection officer.
2. Method of Destruction: We will destroy personal information stored and filed electronically in a way that
    can be deleted by using a means that renders the record irrecoverable as far as possible.
Department in Charge of Protecting Personal Information and Handling Complaints
Xiamen Meitu Technology Co., Ltd.
Attn: Arthur Law, Head of Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Email:
compliance@meitu.com (please quote “Meitu App” in your email title)
History of the Revision of the Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy (23 April 2023)
FOR USERS IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
You agree that Meitu and the Companies may use facial recognition technology to collect biometric information
  from the photos or images you provide. Meitu and the Companies may use such information to verify your identity,
  to provide and improve the Service, and for our internal research purposes. If your biometric information is
  subject to the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act, we will delete your biometric information within
  three years of your last interaction with the Service.
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
(i) confirm whether or not we are processing your personal information;
(ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal information with accompanying details;
(iii) receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send
    that information to another company i.e., right of data portability;
(iv) correct your personal information;
(v) request to opt-out of certain processing activities including, as applicable, if we process your
    personal information for “targeted advertising” (as “targeted advertising” is
    defined by applicable privacy laws), if we “sell” your personal information (as
    “sell” is defined by applicable privacy laws), or if we engage in profiling in furtherance of
    certain decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you;
(vi) request erasure of personal information held about you by us; and
(vii) appeal our decision to decline to process your request.
If you would like to exercise any of your rights under the applicable privacy laws, please contact our Data
  Protection Officer via email at
compliance@meitu.com
(please quote “Meitu” in your email
    title)
or via registered mail at Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road
  West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu). We will process such requests in accordance with
  applicable laws.
If you are a Virginia resident and would like to appeal our decision with respect to your request, you may do so
  by informing us of this and providing us with information supporting your appeal.
The following paragraphs only apply to our processing of your personal information that is subject to the
  California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended from time to time) (“
CCPA
”).
The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information we have
  collected about them, and whether we disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a
  service provider) in the preceding twelve months. California residents can find this information below:
Category of Personal Information Collected
Category of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information is Disclosed to for a Business
        Purpose
Identifiers
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code
        § 1798.80(e))
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Commercial information
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Biometric information
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Internet or other electronic network activity
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Geolocation data
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Sensory data
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Professional or employment-related information
N/A
Non-public education information (per the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Sec.
        1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99))
N/A
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s social security, driver’s license,
        state identification card, or passport number
N/A
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit
        card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password,
        or credentials allowing access to an account
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s precise geolocation
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s racial or ethnic origin, religious or
        philosophical beliefs, or union membership
· Service Providers
· Meitu Affiliates
Personal information that reveals the contents of a consumer’s mail, email, and text
        messages unless Figma is the intended recipient of the communication
N/A
Personal information that reveals consumer’s genetic data
N/A
Biometric information that is processed for the purpose of uniquely identifying a consumer
N/A
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health
N/A
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s sex life or sexual
        orientation
N/A
The categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information and our business and commercial purposes for
  using and disclosing Personal Information are set forth in “The Information We Collect”, “How
  We Use Information”, and “Information Sharing and Disclosure” above, respectively. We will
  retain personal information in accordance with the time periods set forth in “Data Retention” above.
In the preceding twelve months, we have not “sold” any personal information (as defined by the CCPA),
  nor do we have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of
  age.
In the preceding twelve months, we have not “shared” any personal information for
  “cross-context behavioral advertising” (as such terms are defined in the CCPA), nor do we have
  actual knowledge of any “sharing” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age for
  “cross-context behavioral advertising”
We only use and disclose sensitive personal information for the following purposes:
(i) To provide the Services.
(ii) To prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity,
    integrity, and or confidentiality of stored or transmitted personal information.
(iii) To resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at us and to prosecute those
    responsible for those actions.
(iv) To ensure the physical safety of natural persons.
(v) To verify or maintain the quality or safety of our products, Services, or devices, and to improve,
    upgrade, or enhance our Services or devices.
(vi) For purposes that do not infer characteristics about individuals.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their
  rights conferred by the CCPA.
To protect your privacy, we will take steps to reasonably verify your identity before fulfilling requests
  submitted under the CCPA. These steps may involve asking you to provide sufficient information that allows us to
  reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized
  representative. Examples of our verification process may include asking you to provide the email address or
  phone number we have associated with you and providing a verification code that is sent to your email address or
  phone number.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to
  your personal information. To authorize an agent, provide written authorization signed by you and your
  designated agent and contact us using the information in “Privacy Rights” above for additional
  instructions.
We do not “sell” personal information or “share” personal information for
  “cross-context behavioral advertising” so we do not respond to opt-out preference signals.
If you are a Nevada resident, we do not “sell” your personal information.
GDPR NOTICE
In context with the provision of the Services we process personal data.
If the GDPR applies to our processing of your personal data, we process personal data only in accordance with the
  GDPR. In our above (general) Privacy Policy, you find information on when the GDPR applies to our processing of
  personal data. This GDPR Notice supplements the above (general) Privacy Policy and includes detailed information
  on our processing of your personal data under the GDPR.
I. Information on the controller
1. Identity and contact details of the controller
Xiamen Meitu Technology Co., Ltd.
Meitu Tower, Building 2,
Meifeng Innovation Valley, No. 2557,
Binhai West Avenue, Tong'an District,
Xiamen, China
compliance@meitu.com
2. Identity and contact details of the controller’s representatives
The European Union
Rivacy GmbH
Mexikoring 33
22297 Hamburg
info@rivacy.eu
The United Kingdom
Rivacy Limited
87, Warriner Gardens, Unit G1/G2,
London, SW11 4DX,
United Kingdom
3. Contact details of the controller’s data protection officer
Xiamen Meitu Technology Co., Ltd.
Legal Department
Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
compliance@meitu.com
II. Information on the processing of personal data
1. Details on the personal data which are processed
Categories of personal data processed
Personal data included in the categories
Sources of the data
Obligation of the data subject to provide the data
Storage duration
Protocol Data
Protocol data which accrue when using the Services to provide content from the server of our
        applications.
The data accruing during use is defined by the network protocol for transferring information
        between your terminal device and the applications' server.
This includes IP address, type and version of the mobile operating system used, the content
        accessed, the content previously accessed, date and time of access.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
        data.
If the data is not provided, we cannot provide the content of our applications requested by you.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Registration Data
Name, username, gender, date of birth, mobile phone number, location.
User of the Services
The provision of the information marked as mandatory during the registration process is a
        requirement necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to
        provide the data.
If the mandatory information is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Subscription Data
Information on current and/or past subscriptions.
User of the Services
The provision of the information marked as mandatory during the registration process is a
        requirement necessary to enter into a subscription contract. The provision of other data is not
        a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
        There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the data.
If the mandatory information is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Mobile Device Data
Information about your mobile device, including its International Mobile Equipment Identity
        (IMEI), Unique Device Identifier (UDID) or Android ID, Universally Unique Identifier (GUUID),
        User ID (UID), Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and Identifier for Vendor (IDFV), Open
        Anonymous Device Identifier (OAID), Integrated Circuit Card Identifier (ICCID), Media Access
        Control (MAC) address, Google Advertising ID (GAID), the type of device you use, operating
        system version, a list of mobile applications installed on your device and resolution.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
        data.
If the data is not provided, we cannot provide the content of our applications requested by you.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Mobile Analytics Data
Information to better understand and improve the functionality of our Services. These include
        information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the
        application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
        data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Network Data
Name of the operator and the type of network, name of the WiFi network to which you connect, the
        location of the WiFi network, and the duration of your WiFi connection.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
        data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Location Data
Country code, latitude and longitude, network location, IP address and the system country and
        system time zone recorded on your device.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
        data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Log Data
Log Information may include (i) details on when and how often you use our Services,
        (ii) device statistics, including critical operation paths, errors, crashes, language and
        time zone.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
        data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Image Data
Photo/video of the data subject; EXIF data stored in the image file (EXIF data may contain GPS
        coordinates where photos were taken and processed, equipment type, ISO and information about the
        front and rear cameras and creation time, depending on the equipment manufacturer).
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
        data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data are stored in server log files for a maximum period of 21 days.
Voice Data
Voice of data subject.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
        data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data are stored in server log files for a maximum period of 21 days.
Meta Data
Information which describes the analysis results of facial features, gender, age of the
        characters in photos and other elements contained in photos.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
        data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Face Recognition Data
Facial feature information of data subject (including but not limited to facial images and facial
        marks).
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
        data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
When the content recommendation is finished or upon the closing of the application, the facial
        mapping information is discarded.
Cookie Data
Data subject’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider
        (ISP), referring and exit pages, operating system, dates and timestamps, clickstream data.
To the extent such personal data is stored in cookies, you can find more detailed information in
        Section III below.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
        data.
If the data is not provided, you cannot make full use of the Services.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
The data will be erased when the user logs out from their account. The cookie will be replaced
        when the token is expired (after 30 days).
Advertisement Data
Advertising ID (including IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IMSI, ICCID, GAID, MEID, mac addr, IDFV, IDFA),
        geographic location and IP address.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
        data.
If you do not provide this data we are not able to provide you with interest-based advertising.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
Third Party Tracking Data
Device identifiers, region (defined as the location where a given language is used), location
        information, IP address.
To the extent such personal data is stored in cookies, you can find more detailed information in
        Section III below.
User of the Services
The provision of the data is not a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
        necessary to enter into a contract. There is no obligation of the data subject to provide the
        data.
The data you provide will remain stored in your account for as long as your account exists until
        you delete it yourself. You can delete your account at any time.
2. Details on the processing of the personal data
Purpose of processing the personal data
Categories of personal data processed
Automated decision-making
Legal basis and, where applicable, legitimate interests
Recipient
Provision of the Services
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
Network Data
Location Data
Image Data
Voice Data
Meta Data
Face Recognition Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
For processing activities relating to the app user:
Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR (performance of a contract to which the data subject is party
        or taking steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract)
For processing of Location Data: Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
For processing activities relating to data subjects different from the device owner:
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is the provision of our services
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Statistical analysis (develop and analyse statistics on the use of our products and Services for
        the purpose of improving our products and Services)
Protocol Data
Mobile Device Data
Mobile Analytics Data
Network Data
Location Data
Log Data
Cookie Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Creating an account
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
Location Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is the provision of the content of our applications requested by the
        user.
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Providing location-based services (for providing user with advertising, the correct version of
        our Services and help user gaining good user experience)
Protocol Data
Location Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Improving user experience (optional features such as user experience programs allow us to analyse
        data regarding the use of our products and our Services and improve user experience)
Protocol Data
Mobile Device Data
Mobile Analytics Data
Network Data
Location Data
Log Data
Image Data
Meta Data
Cookie Data
Third Party Tracking Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc,
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Providing push services (for assessing the performance of adverts and the success of software
        updates, or providing notifications on new product releases)
Protocol Data
Mobile Device Data
Advertisement Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Verifying user’s identity
Protocol Data
Registration Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
In this case, our legitimate interest is verifying your identity to be able to provide the
        Services to you.
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Collecting feedback from user (to help us improve our Services)
Protocol Data
Registration Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Other Meitu entities
Apple Inc.
Google LLC
Meta Platform, Inc.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Complying with any applicable rules, laws and regulations, codes of practice or guidelines or to
        assist in law enforcement and investigations by relevant authorities
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (c) GDPR (necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the
        controller is subject)
Public authorities
Other Meitu entities
Maintaining the safe and stable operation of the Services, such as identifying or dealing with
        any failure of the Services
Protocol Data
Network Data
Log Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is ensuring the safe and stable operation of the IT infrastructure used
        for the provision of the Services.
Other Meitu entities
Protecting the security of your account, network, operation, and system, and to prevent phishing,
        website fraud and Trojan horse viruses
Protocol Data
Network Data
Log Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
Our legitimate interest is ensuring the security of the IT infrastructure used for the provision
        of our websites, in particular for the detection, elimination and conclusive documentation of
        incidents (e.g. DDoS attacks).
Other Meitu entities
Processing of requests (customer service)
Protocol Data
Registration Data
Subscription Data
No automated decision-making takes place.
If your request concerns a contract to which you are party or the performance of pre-contractual
        measures:
Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR (performance of a contract to which the data subject is party
        or taking steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract).
Otherwise:
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (pursuing legitimate interests under balancing of interests):
In this case, our legitimate interest is the processing of your request.
Other Meitu entities
3. Details on the recipients of personal data and the transfer of personal data to third countries and/or
    international organizations
Recipient
Recipient’s role
Transfers to third countries and/or international organisations
Adequacy decision or appropriate or suitable safeguards for transfers to third countries
        and/or international organisations
Huawei Cloud Computing Technologies Co., Ltd.
Processor
People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the P.R. China. We have secured your data
        by concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR
        with the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated
        above.
Other Meitu entities:
· Meitu (China) Limited
· Xiamen Home Meitu Technology Co., Ltd.
· 台灣美圖之家技術有限公司
Processor
People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the P.R. China. We have secured your data
        by concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR
        with the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated
        above.
Apple Inc.
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by
        concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with
        the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Google LLC
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by
        concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with
        the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Meta Platform, Inc.
Processor
United States
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the USA. We have secured your data by
        concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR with
        the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated above.
Tencent Holdings Ltd
Processor
People’s Republic of China
There is no adequacy decision of the EU Commission for the P.R. China. We have secured your data
        by concluding so-called standard data protection clauses pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR
        with the recipient. You can obtain a copy of this agreement from our contact address stated
        above.
III. Information on the use of cookies
or similar technologies
The following section currently only deals with cookies. If similar technologies (browser fingerprints, local
  storage, session storage, etc.) are used, this section would have to be adapted accordingly.
We use cookies in connection with offering our Services. In doing so, we use the processing and storage functions
  of your device and/or your device’s browser and collect information from the memory of your device and/or
  your device’s browser.
You will find more detailed information on this in the following.
1. General information on cookies
Cookies are small text files with information that can be placed on a user’s device when an app is used or
  a website is visited. When the relevant app or website is used or visited again with the same device, the cookie
  and the information it contains can be retrieved.
a) First-party and third-party cookies
Depending on where a cookie comes from, a distinction can be made between first-party cookies and third-party
  cookies:
First-party cookies
Cookies that are placed and accessed by the operator of the app or website as the controller or
        by a processor engaged by the controller
Third-party cookies
Cookies that are placed and accessed by controllers other than the operator of the app or website
        that are not processors engaged by the operator of the app or website
b) Transient and persistent cookies
A distinction can be made between transient and persistent cookies depending on how long they remain active:
Transient cookies
(Session cookies)
Cookies that are automatically deleted when you close the app or your browser
Persistent cookies
Cookies that remain stored on your device for a certain period of time after the app or browser
        is closed
c) Consent-free cookies and cookies requiring consent
Users’ consent is required for some cookies depending on their function and purpose of use. Thus, a
  distinction can be made between cookies that require users’ consent and those that do not:
Consent-free cookies
Cookies that have as their sole purpose to transmit a message using an electronic communication
        network
Cookies that are necessary so that the party offering a service that has been expressly requested
        by a participant or user can provide this service (“strictly necessary cookies”)
Cookies requiring consent
Cookies for all purposes of use other than the aforementioned
2. Management of the cookies used in our app and on our website
a) Granting and withdrawing consents to the use of cookies in the data protection settings of our
    app and website
If consent is necessary for the use of certain cookies, we only use these cookies if you have previously granted
  your consent to this. You can find information as to whether the use of a particular cookie requires consent in
  the information on the cookies used in our Services in
Section III.3.
of this Privacy
  Policy.
You cannot deactivate cookies that are strictly necessary in the data protection settings of our app or website.
  However, you can generally deactivate these cookies in your app or browser at any time.
b) Managing cookies using device/browser settings
You can also manage the use of cookies in your device’s or your browser’s settings. Different
  browsers have different ways to configure cookie settings. You can find more extensive information on this, for
  example at
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/
.
However, we would like to point out that some functions of our app or website may not work properly or at all if
  you deactivate cookies in general on your device.
3. Cookies used in our app and on our website
The following cookies may be used in our app and on our website:
Name
First-party / third-party
Purpose of use and content
Effective term
Consent necessary?
mt_access_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is
        expired (30 days).
No
mt_web_access_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is
        expired (30 days).
No
mt_temp_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is
        expired (30 days).
No
mt_grant_access_token
First-party
User login token
It will be erased when users log out from their account. It will be replaced when the token is
        expired (30 days)
No
IV. Information on the rights of data subjects
As a data subject, you have the following rights with regard to the processing of your personal data:
• Right of access (Art. 15 GDPR)
• Right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR)
• Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) (Art. 17 GDPR)
• Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR)
• Right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR)
• Right to object (Art. 21 GDPR)
• Right to withdraw consent (Art. 7 (3) GDPR)
You may contact us for the purpose of exercising these rights using the contact information in
Section
  I
.
Where applicable, you find information on any specific modalities and mechanisms which facilitate the exercise of
  your rights, in particular the exercise of your rights to data portability and to object, in the information on
  the processing of personal data in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (Art. 77 GDPR).
Below you find more detailed information on your rights with regard to the processing of your personal data:
1. Right of access
As a data subject, you have a right to obtain access and information under the conditions provided in
  Art. 15 GDPR.
This means in particular that you have the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether we are processing
  your personal data. If so, you also have the right to obtain access to the personal data and the information
  listed in Art. 15 (1) GDPR. This includes information regarding the purposes of the processing, the
  categories of personal data that are being processed and the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the
  personal data have been or will be disclosed (Art. 15 (1) (a), (b) and (c) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to access and information in Art. 15 GDPR.
2. Right to rectification
As a data subject, you have the right to rectification under the conditions provided in Art. 16 GDPR.
This means in particular that you have the right to receive from us without undue delay the rectification of
  inaccuracies in your personal data and completion of incomplete personal data.
You can find the full extent of your right to rectification in Art. 16 GDPR.
3. Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”)
As a data subject, you have a right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) under the conditions
  provided in Art. 17 GDPR.
This means that you have the right to obtain from us the erasure of your personal data and we are obliged to
  erase your personal data without undue delay when one of the reasons listed in Art. 17 (1) GDPR
  applies. This can be the case, for example, if personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes
  for which they were collected or otherwise processed (Art. 17 (1) (a) GDPR).
If we have made the personal data public and are obliged to erase it, we are also obliged, taking account of
  available technology and the cost of implementation, to take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to
  inform controllers which are processing the personal data that you have requested the erasure by such
  controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of those personal data (Art. 17 (2) GDPR).
The right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) does not apply if the processing is necessary for one
  of the reasons listed in Art. 17 (3) GDPR. This can be the case, for example, if the processing is
  necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims
  (Art. 17 (3) (b) and (e) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) in Art. 17 GDPR
4. Right to restriction of processing
As a data subject, you have a right to restriction of processing under the conditions provided in Art. 18
  GDPR.
This means that you have the right to obtain from us the restriction of processing if one of the conditions
  provided in Art. 18 (1) GDPR applies. This can be the case, for example, if you contest the accuracy
  of the personal data. In such a case, the restriction of processing lasts for a period that enables us to verify
  the accuracy of the personal data (Art. 18 (1) (a) GDPR).
Restriction means that stored personal data are marked with the goal of restricting their future processing
  (Art. 4 (3) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to restriction of processing in Art. 18 GDPR
5. Right to data portability
As a data subject, you have a right to data portability under the conditions provided in Art. 20 GDPR.
This means that you generally have the right to receive your personal data with which you have provided us in a
  structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit those data to another controller without
  hindrance from us if the processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) or
  Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR and the
  processing is carried out by automated means (Art. 20 (1) GDPR).
You can find information as to whether an instance of processing is based on consent pursuant to
  Art. 6 (1) (a) or Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR or on a contract pursuant to
  Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
In exercising your right to data portability, you also generally have the right to have your personal data
  transmitted directly from us to another controller if technically feasible (Art. 20 (2) GDPR).
You can find the full extent of your right to data portability in Art. 20 GDPR
6. Right to object
As a data subject, you have a right to object under the conditions provided in Art. 21 GDPR.
At the latest in our first communication with you, we expressly inform you of your right, as a data subject, to
  object.
More detailed information on this is given below:
Right to object on grounds relating to the particular situation of the data subject
As a data subject, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to
  processing of your personal data which is based on Art. 6 (1) (e) or (f), including profiling
  based on those provisions.
You can find information as to whether an instance of processing is based on Art. 6 (1) (e) or (f)
  GDPR in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this GDPR
  Notice.
In the event of an objection relating to your particular situation, we will no longer process your personal data
  unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights
  and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
You can find the full extent of your right to objection in Art. 21 GDPR, which can be accessed using the
  following link:
http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/HTML/?uri=CELEX:32016R0679
.
Right to object to direct marketing
Where your personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to
  processing of your personal data for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related
  to such direct marketing.
You can find information as to whether and to what extent personal data are processed for direct marketing
  purposes in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this
  GDPR Notice.
If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, we no longer process your personal data for these
  purposes.
You can find the full extent of your right to objection in Art. 21 GDPR
7. Right to withdraw consent
Where an instance of processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) or
  Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR, as a data subject you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time
  pursuant to Art. 7 (3) GDPR. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the legitimacy of the
  processing that occurred based on your consent until the withdrawal. We inform you of this before you grant your
  consent.
You can find information as to whether an instance of processing is based on Art. 6 (1) (a) or
  Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR in the information regarding the legal basis of processing in
Section II
of this GDPR Notice.
8. Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
As a data subject, you have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority under the conditions
  provided in Art. 77 GDPR.
The supervisory authorities responsible for us are:
Der Hamburgische Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit
Ludwig-Erhard-Str 22, 20459 Hamburg
E-mail: mailbox@datenschutz.hamburg.de
Phone: +49 40 42854-4040
Information Commissioner’s Office
E-mail: dpo@ico.org.uk
Phone: 0303 123 1113
V. Information on the technical terms of the GDPR used in this GDPR Notice
The technical terms relating to data protection used in this GDPR Notice have the meaning used in the General
  Data Protection Regulation.
The full scope of the definitions of the General Data Protection Regulation can be found in Art. 4 GDPR
You will find more detailed information on the most important technical terms of the General Data Protection
  Regulation used in this GDPR Notice below:
“Personal data”
means any information relating to an identified or identifiable
  natural person (”data subject”); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified,
  directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number,
  location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic,
  mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person;
“Data subject”
means the respective identified or identifiable natural person, to
  which the personal data refers to;
“Processing”
means any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal
  data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording,
  organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by
  transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or
  destruction;
“Profiling”
means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of
  the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to
  analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person’s performance at work, economic situation,
  health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements;
“Controller”
means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other
  body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data;
  where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or
  the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law;
“Processor”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body
  which processes personal data on behalf of the controller;
“Recipient”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another
  body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which
  may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law
  shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in
  compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing;
“Third party”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body
  other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller
  or processor, are authorised to process personal data;
“International organisation”
means an organisation and its subordinate bodies
  governed by public international law, or any other body which is set up by, or on the basis of, an agreement
  between two or more countries; and
“Third country”
means a country which is not a member state of the European Union
  (”EU”) or the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United Kingdom.