What is this policy for?
This privacy policy sets out the way in which your personal information is handled by City Football Group Limited, including Manchester City Football Club, and other members of the City Football Group. It also sets out which additional entities receive your information from us, including stichd group B.V. (“stichd”) who operate the Manchester City Official Online Store.
A version which is designed for children and our younger fans can be viewed in the “info for kids” section below.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the data controller is City Football Group Limited (company number: 08355862) whose registered office is at Regent’s Place, 14th Floor, 10 Brock Street, London, NW1 3FG (referred to as “we”, “us”, “our” and “
Man City
”).
We are registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) as a data controller, with reference number ZA234714. You can see our
registration here
.
Sometimes, specific products and services, such as apps, may be offered by different entities in the City Football Group, in which case the entity providing the product or service will be the data controller, so you should check the individual privacy information published with each service.
This Privacy Policy should be read alongside our website terms of use, which govern the use of our online services. You can
read the website terms of use here
.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information that you provide to us, including your contact details, preferences and associated information when you visit and/or register for any of our online products and services, make a purchase through our websites or via our telephone or other sales outlets, or when you participate in club events, competitions and promotions.
When you visit our stadium, offices or other premises
(including other stadia), or otherwise publicly interact with us,
we may collect: (1)
CCTV images including for the purposes of public order and the prevention of crime
; and (2) photographic images, and/or video recordings and/or feeds (and/or stills taken from video recordings) which may be used for commercial and other purposes (including without limitation the production, licence, distribution and related marketing and promotion of documentaries, series, films, or other content pieces, which may be transmitted worldwide on our own, our affiliates, or third party platforms, streaming services and/or social media) and as further detailed in our match ticket terms and conditions and Ground Regulations.
We may also collect information about your use of our websites and apps as well as information about you from third parties (including other entities in the City Football Group).
What information do we collect about you?
When you purchase products and services, we may collect personal information from you, such as your name, address, delivery address, email, telephone number and payment card details. We will use this information to supply you with products and services, to recover debt, to help us to prevent fraud, and keep records about your purchases.
You may need to register an account to use certain parts of our websites or apps. When you register an account you will need to provide basic information about yourself. This will vary depending on which part of our websites or apps you are registering for, but will usually include your email address and may also include other relevant information such as your name, date of birth and/or location. If you do not want us to record this information about you, please do not register.
stichd’
privacy policy
sets out the ways in which stichd process your personal data, including any customer profiling or market research that stichd do. Your rights in relation to that processing, including your right to object to processing by stichd are set out in more detail in that policy. You can at any time object to processing by stichd by accessing your profile or by sending an email to
privacy@stichd.com
.
You may also be given the opportunity to provide additional personal information, such as your postal address to send you a prize if you win a competition that you enter or the ability to upload an avatar (which could for example be a photograph of you). It is entirely your decision as to whether you provide more information to us and you should only provide this information if you are comfortable with us storing it and using it to provide services, content and information to you as described in this privacy policy.
When you sign up to be kept informed about exciting promotions, news, features and activities we may collect your personal information, such as your name, email address, date of birth and country of residence. Please see our separate tab below on marketing and the preference centre.
If you log in using social media depending on how you log in we may collect your profile name/user name, profile picture, email address and date of birth. The social media information you consent to share with us will be combined with the other information you provide to us or that we collect about you. We will also collect information about your comments, posts and ‘likes’ to allow us to administer our Cityzens membership scheme.
As you move around our sites or use our apps we will collect information about your visit, such as which pages you visit, how often you visit and which competitions you enter.
We will also automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your device to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our sites (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
You can exercise control over some of this information, for example by adjusting your preferences for an app in your smartphone, or adjusting your settings via your website browser. Please also see our
cookies policy
.
From our commercial partners and other third parties, we may collect information including your name, date of birth and contact information, when you enter into jointly conducted competitions and promotions or purchase our products or services via a third party site.
We use specialist data enrichment providers to assist us with enriching the data we hold on you. This includes helping us to review, segment and correct the data we hold, to make sure it remains accurate and up-to-date and help us to identify and delete data we no longer need. This also helps us to understand your interests and preferences, so we can provide you with information which is likely to be most relevant to you and improve your experience of our products and services. You can visit their websites and view their Privacy Policies using the links below.
Provider name
Website
Experian
www.experian.co.uk
Bureau Van Dyck
www.bvdinfo.com/en-gb
What special category information do you collect about me?
We may record details of any disability or health needs you may have at the time of booking an event or service to help us make reasonable adjustments for you and to ensure your safety. We will usually ask your consent to do this, unless there are other legal grounds on which we need to use the information.
In some limited circumstances, we may process information about criminal convictions, where this is necessary for public order and the prevention of crime, and there are adequate protections in place.
Why do we collect and use this information and what are the legal grounds for us doing so?
We collect this information to (i) provide you with products and services you request; (ii) make our website available and improve its performance and presentation; (iii) to improve and enhance our services and make them more personal to you; (iv) to provide consistency when using the services offered to you by companies in our group; (v) to administer competitions and prize draws you enter; (vi) for the purposes of undertaking our business; and (vii) safety and public order and the prevention of crime; and (viii) to produce, licence, distribute, market and promote relevant documentaries, series, films or other content pieces, for commercial and other purposes.
The legal grounds for this processing are:
our legitimate interests (in carrying on our business, making our website available, and providing our customers with content which is appropriate for them) (including photography, filming and production content, whether on our own or third-party platforms, streaming services or social media));
for the performance of our contract with you (where you purchase goods or services from us or via a third party partner or one of the members of our group);
to comply with our legal obligations (for example, where we are required to record information in relation to health and safety, or safety and public order at match days as well as age-sensitive content).
In respect of limited categories of data we may record and use this with your consent (for example, in relation to sending you direct marketing). You can withdraw your consent at any time but this will not affect any processing undertaken before that point.
Where we develop a new feature or product (such as an updated ticketing website), if a separate account is required to access this we may for your convenience automatically create a new account for you using the details associated with your existing account. In this case we will email you to let you know.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
Identity
Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To register you as a new customer
Manage payments, fees and charges
Collect and recover money owed to us
Identity
Contact
Financial
Transaction
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
Identity
Contact
Profile
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
Identity
Contact
Profile
Usage
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
Identity
Contact
Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
Identity
Contact
Profile
Usage
Marketing and Communications
Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
Technical
Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To communicate suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
Identity
Contact
Technical
Usage
Profile
Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
When can we send you marketing and how can you change your mind?
We can send you updates and newsletters if you sign up to any of our products and services. We can also send you marketing communications in relation to our products, services and partnerships with sponsors, promotions and other initiatives.
You can change your mind at any time, either by logging in to your preference centre
http://profile.mancity.com/
(which allows you to control what communications you receive and how you receive them). You can also opt out by selecting the link or following the instructions sent with each communication.
When can we send you marketing and how can you change your mind?
There are many exciting promotions, news, features and activities we and our commercial partners want to keep in touch with you about. When you register with us, or provide us with your personal information, there will be a consent box that allows you to indicate your preference in this respect.
If you opt-in it means that we will let you know about exciting promotions, news, features and activities of
Man City
, the City Football Group and/or our commercial partners.
Providing this consent means you get the following fantastic promotions, news, features and more:
BluePrint Newsletter, Matchday, Post Match Videos, Ticket Alert, Hospitality & Events and Retail, as well as exclusive offers, products and services on behalf of our commercial partners.
stichd, who run the Manchester City Official Online Store, may also send you marketing communications from time to time in relation to the Online Store, which may include product news, offers or promotions.
Just to make sure you are happy with your preferences we will get in touch once a year by email to check you are happy with what you are (or are not) receiving from us and that the information we hold about you is up to date.
You can also change your mind at any time via your preference centre
http://profile.mancity.com/
. You can update your personal information if it changes by logging into your account or taking the specific steps to opt-out set out at the end of each digital marketing communication.
Our sites and apps may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies or their use of your data. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Who may we share your information with or disclose it to?
We may share your information with other members of the City Football Group, with our service providers who help us to provide goods and services, help us to operate our website, provide us with support in communicating with you or administering and delivering our prize draws and promotions, or help us to ensure our data remains accurate and relevant.
In the context of your photographic images, and/or video recordings and/or feeds (and/or stills taken from video recordings) taken for commercial purposes, we may additionally share this with other stakeholders in any productions, e.g. affiliates, group companies, co-producers, the commissioner of the production, the broadcaster, distributors, professional advisors and/or financiers.
We will share your personal data with our payment providers, merchants and 3D-Secure Services for fraud prevention purposes, when you make purchases (including in respect of food and beverages) across our campus (including within the stadium, the academy stadium and/or surrounding areas)
We may also share your information with regulatory bodies and other similar bodies and associations (such as the Premier League and the Football Association).
We may share your information with our professional advisors and with any potential purchaser of part or all of our business or assets. We may also share it with law enforcement organisations.
When we share your data we will always take reasonable steps to ensure that there are adequate safeguards in place.
How will your information be used if you are a member of an Official Supporters Club or wish to join an Official Supporters Club branch?
We have
a large number of
O
fficial
S
upporters
C
lubs around the world. If you are already a member of a branch, we will store your membership information on behalf of the branch you are a member of.
If you are interested in becoming a member of your local
O
fficial
S
upporters
C
lub, we will share your information with th
at club
, such as your name and contact details
.
B
y selecting to ‘join a branch’ you are consenting to this and your willingness to share your information.
To join your local branch, please
register and fill in the online form.
Where necessary, we may also share your personal data with, or request your personal data from, your local Official Supporters Club in the context of: (i) safety and security; (ii) any alleged or actual breach of Club terms and conditions and/or Ground Regulations; (iii) Club investigations, sanction, and appeal panels; and/or (iii) the application and enforcement of bans/sanctions issued by the Club (including without limitation in respect of ticketing and match attendance).
Our commercial partners and the City Football Group
For a current list of our sponsors, licensees and partners please visit
Club Partners page.
These may change from time to time, so please come and check the list regularly.
By opting in it means that we will let you know about exciting promotions, news, features and activities of
Man City
, the City Football Group and/or our commercial partners.
When we refer to the City Football Group, we are referring to the other companies that form part of our corporate group. Some of these companies may be involved in helping to provide the services and communications referred to in this privacy policy, or as requested by you from time to time.
We may also use the personal information we collect about you to create statistics and anonymised information to then share with third parties including ad networks, search engines and analytics providers.
Certain parts of our websites and apps may allow you to share information with other users. For example, we may offer you the opportunity to create a “fan profile” containing basic personal information about you such as your first name, avatar, general location and social media handles, or, where there is a competition element, we may show scoreboards or basic details relating to the winner(s) of the competition. We will always make it clear where your personal information may be shared with other users in this way and you should only provide personal information to those parts of our sites and apps where you are comfortable with it being shared in this way.
We may share your information with business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties in the following circumstances:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If
Man City
or any other members of the City Football Group or substantially all of their assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal information held by them about their customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order: to comply with any legal obligation, court or police request, or in order to enforce or apply our
Term of use
or terms and conditions of sale
Terms and Conditions
and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of
Man City
and the City Football Group, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
We may share your information with selected third parties including:
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you.
Advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our sites and apps.
Will we transfer your data outside of the EEA?
We may sometimes have to transfer your data outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). However, we will only do so where there are adequate safeguards in place or it is otherwise lawful.
In some circumstances, we may need to transfer your personal information to countries outside the EEA, some of which do not protect privacy rights as extensively as in the United Kingdom. In order for the transfer to be lawful, we must ensure adequate safeguards are in place.
Where we transfer your data to a third party outside of the EEA (such as another company in our group) we will either:
do so where there has been a finding of adequacy in respect of that territory, including under a recognised scheme (such as the US Privacy Shield); or
implement model contract clauses governing the transfer, as approved by the European Commission.
The only circumstances in which we may transfer data outside of the EEA outside of the above circumstances are:
where you have given your explicit consent (having had the risks explained to you);
where the transfer is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, or with a third party in your interest;
the transfer is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims;
For more information please contact us.
Will your information be used for profiling and automated decision-making?
We may sometimes have to transfer your data outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). However, we will only do so where there are adequate safeguards in place or it is otherwise lawful.
We may use your data for profiling and limited automated decision taking, for example matching unique identifiers in our database (e.g. email address) with the same unique identifiers on social media platforms. In practice, the personal data is anonymised. Additionally, there are a variety of web analytics tools that we use (e.g. Google Analytics and Facebook Analytics). These platforms use a level of processing unique identifiers (e.g. IP address, Mac address, user ID, social handle, cookies) to track digital behaviours.
Will your information be secure?
We take the security of your personal information seriously and take steps (including the implementation of appropriate technical and organisational measures) to ensure your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Your information is kept on secure servers and we implement a range of measures to try to ensure the security and integrity of our digital products, services and databases. We take steps to ensure that only authorised persons have access to your data.
When you submit your payment card details, we use industry-standard secure sockets layer (ssl) encryption technology to guard your information. However, we cannot guarantee that any data transmission over the internet is completely secure.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites or apps, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Our websites and apps may contain links to other websites. We are only responsible for the privacy practices on our websites and in our apps. We recommend that you check the privacy and security policies and procedures of each and every other website that you visit.
How long will you keep my information?
We will keep your information for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes that we collected it for. However, we take steps to regularly review our information ensures that we are not holding excessive personal information for longer than is necessary or required.
The factors which influence how long we hold onto specific information for include (i) legal requirements; (ii) managing our legal risks; (iii) management of our business; and (iv) the nature of our relationship with you (and the services we provide you with).
Where you enter into a contract with us (such as for the purchase of goods or services) we will generally keep your information for six years after the end of our contract with you.
Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in our retention policy. You can find out more by contacting us.
What rights do you have in relation to your personal information?
Under data protection legislation you have a range of rights. You have a right to ask us for a copy of the information we hold about you. You can also ask us to correct or update your personal data, or to erase it or transfer it to a third party. You can object to processing of your personal information by us, including to object to any direct marketing. Where we are using your information based on your consent you can withdraw your consent.
The way some of your rights apply may depend on the circumstances. To exercise your rights please contact us. Further information about your rights is set out below.
Making a request
To make a request, please contact us at
mancity@mancity.com
.
You have the right to request us to delete your personal data, to do so please fill out this form
https://www.mancity.com/right-to-delete-request
. Please be aware that as a consequence of us deleting your data, you will no longer be able to access key Manchester City Digital platforms, for example, tickets.mancity.com, shop.mancity.com and cityzens.mancity.com as we will no longer have the information necessary to allow you access.
More about your rights
Right of access
You have a right to access the personal information we hold about you and be told why we use it.
Right of rectification
You can ask us to correct or update your information to ensure it is accurate and complete.
Right to erasure and right to restrict processing
You can ask us to stop processing and to delete your data in certain circumstances (for example where it is processed with your consent, or it is no longer necessary for us to process it).
Right to object
You have a right to object to our processing of your information.
Rights: profiling and automated decisions
You have a right not to be subject to automated decisions which have a legal effect and to be protected by safeguards in respect of any profiling.
Right to object to direct marketing
Where you have consented to receive direct marketing you can change your mind at any time as described in the marketing section above. Please allow a few days for us to action your request.
You can find out more or exercise the above rights by contacting us. Further information is also available from the ICO’s website (
https://www.ico.org.uk
).
Fees, information requirements and time limits
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Contacting us and Complaints
Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted via DPO@cityfootball.com if you have any questions, would like to exercise any of your legal rights or you would like to make a complaint.
You also have a right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office by writing to them at Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF, or by telephone 0303 123 1113. More information is available on the ICO’s website
https://www.ico.org.uk
Info for kids
This is a child-friendly explanation of how we use information. You should read it with a parent, guardian or other adult so that they can help you understand.
When you:
look at our website (including the videos and games);
download one of our apps;
contact us; or
create an account with us
We collect some information about you (like your name, or information about the tablet or computer you are using).
We do this because we need to so we can carry on making our apps, website and our other services better. We make sure we use as little personal information as possible and only for as long as we need to. We will only keep your information as long as you need it. You can ask us for a copy of your information, or to correct, erase or stop using it. We will do our best to keep your information safe.
For some uses of your personal information, we may ask your permission. If you are aged 13 or over, you can give your permission yourself. If you are aged under 13 we require the consent of your parent or guardian.
For each child-friendly app we operate, we include specific details of how we will use your information and why in a “Privacy Policy”. For example, if you sign up to use The City Kids App and Website, the Privacy Policy
You can use certain parts of our websites and apps without providing us with any of your personal information. If you do provide us with your personal information we will use it as set out on the relevant website or in the relevant app. For example, if you sign up to get the newsletter, we will use your email address to send you the newsletter and news, updates and promotions we think you might like.
If you are under 13 and register on
https://www.mancity.com
we will not send you any emails or SMS until after your 13th birthday. However, you should still decide when you register what type of emails and SMS you want to receive from us when you reach your 13th birthday and tick or untick the box or boxes on the registration form to tell us your preferences. If you decide to receive updates from us then after your 13th birthday we will email to let you know how we are going to get in contact with you about
Man City
and our exciting news, features and activities. We encourage you to talk with your parent/guardian about the information we send to you, and check that they are happy for you to continue to receive this information. If you do not tell us you do not want to receive this information any more, we will assume you have your parent and/or guardian’s consent to continue to receive this information.
You can ask us to stop sending you any emails, SMS or other communications at any time. In each message we send you, there will be an ‘unsubscribe’ option, if you follow these instructions we will stop sending the messages. You can also send us a message to
mancity@mancity.com
if you have any questions, want us to stop sending you messages or want to change any of the information you have given to us.
If you are a parent or guardian of a child who is using www.mancity.com or otherwise in contact with us, we recommend that you supervise your child while they are online and check what personal information your child is providing to us.
Things work slightly differently on our
Man City
Kids website
https://kids.mancity.com/
, the same rules apply to the personal information we collect about you – we will use for the purposes we have told you about when we collect your information. But if you are under 12, when you sign up we ask you for your parent/guardian’s email address so we can let them know you are registering on Junior Cityzens. If you are aged 12 to 13, we ask that you check with your parent/guardian before signing up and then let us know that they are happy for you to do so.
We make sure that any information or marketing that we send to under 18s is always age-appropriate. If you have any concerns about the information your child is receiving, please contact us at
mancity@mancity.com
.
Contacting us and Complaints
Changes to how we use your information will be published on this page, so you should check back periodically. If we are making a significant change to how we will be using your information we will normally contact you to let you know.
We will change our practices from time to time as we continue to develop our products and services. We may also change our privacy policy at any time, so we recommend that you visit this page occasionally to check what has changed.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://shop.mancity.com/gb/en/privacy-policy.html:
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy of stichd sportmerchandising B.V. provides you with information about what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or any personal data that we may collect about you when you visit the Manchester City Official Online Store (the “website”) and / or when you purchase items on the website, why we collect this and what your rights are when we process your personal data. Should you have any questions or if you need any more information, please contact us via privacy@stichd.com.
This privacy policy was updated on the 6th of July 2021.
1. SCOPE, DATA CONTROLLER AND DEFINITIONS
1.1. Scope of this privacy policy
This privacy policy applies only to personal data processed by or on behalf of stichd sportmerchandising B.V (hereinafter referred to as “stichd” or “we” or “us”). We share some of your information with Manchester City Football Club Limited (hereinafter referred to as “Manchester City”), who in that case shall be the controller of the personal data we share with Manchester City (see also article 2.3 hereunder). Manchester City’s
privacy policy
sets out the ways in which they process your personal data and your rights in relation to that processing.
1.2.The controller of your personal data
Unless otherwise indicated in this privacy policy, stichd is the controller for the processing of your personal data when visiting and / or purchasing items on the website. Please find our contact details below.
stichd sportmerchandising B.V.
De Waterman 2
5215 MX ’s-Hertogenbosch
The Netherlands
Tel: +44 20 3608 4403
E-mail: shop@mancity.com
Please note that in order to exercise your rights regarding data processing you can contact us via privacy@stichd.com.
1.3. Definitions
This privacy policy is based on the following terms from the EU General Data Protection Regulation, which we have defined for ease of understanding.
GDPR
refers to the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the European Council dated 27 April 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) and to the UK GDPR.
UK GDPR:
GDPR as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of section 3 of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (including as further amended or modified by the laws of the United Kingdom or a part of the United Kingdom from time to time).
The recipient
is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or any other body to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the context of a particular enquiry, in accordance with Union or Member State law, shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of such data by public authorities shall comply with the applicable rules on data protection and the purposes of the processing; Examples of possible recipients: banks/payment service providers, logistics and shipping service providers and IT service providers; for more information see Article 4).
Personal data
refers to any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ("data subject's personal data"); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. Examples of personal data: name, contact details, bank or credit card details.
The data controller
is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or any other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union law or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be determined by Union law or Member State law. For the data processing activities described in this privacy policy, stichd is the data controller unless otherwise specified (see Article 1.2.).
Processing
refers to any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on a set of personal data, whether or not by automatic means, such as collection, recording, organisation, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, blocking, erasure or destruction.
The processor
is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the data controller
2. PURPOSES, LEGAL GROUNDS AND RETENTION PERIODS FOR OUR PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may only process personal data for a reason specified in the GDPR and only as long as and to the extent that it is necessary for purposes specified in this section of the privacy policy or based on legal requirements. In the following, we indicate per processing purpose on which legal basis we process, for which purposes and for how long we (must) store your personal data.
2.1. Processing of your data when you visit the website
If you visit the website, we process your personal data to learn more about our products and services (regardless of when registered with a customer account), in order to fulfil your order placed with us in the web shop, when you are actively transferring information to us (for information purposes only), when you contact us via our means of communication or otherwise interact with us. We also receive information from Manchester City. In the light of the above, we process your personal data for the following purposes and on the following legal bases:
2.1.1. Provision of website and IT security
We process your personal data that is technically necessary to enable us to make the website available and to ensure stability and security when you visit them. This includes the following personal data:
IP address
Type and version of the browser
Operating system and platform
The full Uniform Resource Locator (URL)
For security purposes, this personal data is stored in server log files, which are automatically deleted after 30 days. This data processing is technically necessary to enable you to use the website (legal basis: Article 6(1)(b) GDPR) and for our legitimate interest in ensuring IT security (legal basis: Article 6(1)(f) GDPR).
2.1.2. Provision of localised website
We also process your personal data that is technically necessary to enable us to provide you with a localised version of the website, in particular with regard to language. This data processing is necessary for our legitimate interest in adapting the website to your needs (legal basis: Article 6(1)(f) GDPR). For security purposes, this personal data is stored in server log files, which are automatically deleted after 30 days.
2.1.3. Website analysis
In order to continuously optimise our service, we use Google Analytics which statistically evaluates the website. Google Analytics a website analysis service of Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses analytical cookies (that enable an analysis of the use of the website. The information generated by the cookie when using the website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA, where it is stored. However, as we use Google Analytics with the addition "anonymizeIP", Google will in advance limit the IP address of the website visitor within the member states of the European Union (EU) or in other states that are part of the Agreement on the European Economic Area (EEA), thus excluding any direct association with you. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. On behalf of stichd, Google will use this information to evaluate the use of the website, to compile reports on website activity, to analyse the results, to improve the adaptation of our digital ads and to provide further services to stichd in connection with the use of the website and the internet. The IP address transmitted from the user's browser in connection with Google Analytics will not be merged by Google with any other data. More information on Google's terms of use and data protection can be found at:
https://policies.google.com/terms
https://policies.google.com/privacy
This data processing is necessary for our legitimate interest to carry out analyses to improve the website and products, and to advertise our products on the internet in an appropriate and effective manner (legal basis: Article 6(1)(f) GDPR). This data will be kept for a maximum of 26 months, or shorter in case the Analytics Data Retention setting is set to anything shorter than 26 months, or until a decision to unsubscribe is made as described below.
Unsubscribe from Google Analytics:
You can generally prevent your personal data (including your IP address) from being processed by Google Analytics by downloading and installing the browser add-on available at the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
You can also prevent Google Analytics from collecting your usage data on the website by clicking on the following link:
Click here to unsubscribe from Google Analytics
In this case, a permanent opt-out cookie (name: "ga-disable-UA-[...]") is set in the browser you are currently using, which prevents your data from being recorded when you visit the website with this specific browser in the future. If you use a different browser, Google Analytics is in principle enabled, unless the opt-out cookie is also set in this browser. Please note that Google Analytics will be re-enabled if you delete the above opt-out cookie from your browser.
2.1.4. Individual recommendations on the website
When you visit the web pages on our website, we use Google AdWords to process data on your user behaviour, such as products viewed and contents of your shopping cart, in order to show you individual recommendations on the website based on this data. For further information on data processing by Google AdWords, please consult the Google privacy policy under the following link:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
This data processing is necessary for our legitimate interest in creating a better user experience by providing customised recommendations (legal basis: Article 6(1)(f) GDPR). This data will be kept for a maximum of 26 months or until a decision to unsubscribe is made as described below. Unsubscribe from individual recommendations: You can object to this data processing by clicking on the following unsubscribe link:
Google AdWords:
https://adssettings.google.com
2.1.5. Links to third party websites
The website can contain links to third party websites. When you click on one of those links, you will visit another website or internet resource. stichd has no responsibility or liability whatsoever for, or control over, those websites or internet resources and their personal data collection, use and disclosure. We advise you to carefully read the privacy policy and terms of use of each such website.
2.1.6. Display of advertisements/retargeting on third party websites
When you visit the website, tags and cookies are set by our retargeting service provider(s) to track which products you have viewed or purchased on the website. Using this information, we can then show you individual offers of Manchester City products on third party website through our retargeting service provider(s) and analyse the results to further improve our advertising. For more information on the data processing by our retargeting service provider(s) for retargeting purposes, please consult the relevant privacy policy below and unsubscribe via the following links:
Google AdWords:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Facebook ads:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Pinterest ads:
https://help.pinterest.com/en/article/personalized-ads-on-pinterest
Twitter ads:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy#chapter2
This data processing is necessary for our legitimate interest to advertise our products on the internet in an appropriate and efficient manner (legal basis: Article 6(1)(f) GDPR). This data will be kept for a maximum of 24 months or until a decision to unsubscribe is made as described below.
Unsubscribe from retargeting: You can object to this data processing by clicking on the following link(s) for unsubscribing from the respective service provider(s) for retargeting:
Google AdWords:
https://adssettings.google.com
Facebook ads:
https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=ad_settings_screen
Pinterest ads:
https://help.pinterest.com/en/article/personalized-ads-on-pinterest
Twitter ads:
https://twitter.com/settings/safety
2.1.7. Use of cookies
We use cookies on the website, as more fully described in our
cookie settings
. Cookies are small text files that are stored in the browsers of your end devices when you visit the website. Cookies allow your actions and settings on the website to be tracked, saved and recognised for the duration of the browser session or even beyond. In addition, cookies and their respective cookie identifiers ensure that your browser is recognised. After leaving the website, you can, for example, restore the contents of your shopping basket or see the last viewed products. For more information on the use of cookies on the website, the cookie categories and for individual settings, please see our cookie settings.
2.1.8. Customer service
Depending on the subject of your request, we rely on your personal data stored in our systems in the context of other data processing activities (e.g., data that you have provided during a purchase or when addressing our customer service (including live chat) for any reason). We will also collect data from external sources if and to the extent necessary to fulfil your request, such as logistics service providers for the tracking of your shipment or a shipment request. Within the scope of the requests regarding a (pre-)contractual relationship with you, this data processing is necessary for the performance of a contract (provision of customer service) with you (legal basis: Article 6(1)(b) GDPR). If you want to exercise your rights against us, the corresponding data processing is necessary in order to comply with a legal obligation (legal basis: Art. 6(1)(c) GDPR). If you wish to receive information or make a complaint about our products and services, the respective data processing is necessary for our legitimate interest in responding to your information request/complaint (legal basis: Article 6(1)(f) GDPR).
2.1.9 Product ratings and reviews
We offer you the opportunity to rate any (purchased) products on the website where we work with Trustpilot as a third-party processor. Your feedback helps other customers to make the right purchase decision and enables us to continuously improve our products. If you would like to submit a review for one of our products, you will receive an invitation from Trustpilot and the following data will be processed: your email address, the name under which the review will be submitted and also the content of your review (e.g., the product being reviewed, the star rating, title and text of the review, recommendation). Your e-mail address is processed to verify and establish your identity. If you have given your consent to Trustpilot before submitting your review, you agree to Trustpilot's terms and conditions and an account will be created. In this case, Trustpilot is the data controller for the personal data you provide. Trustpilot will use your personal data in accordance with their privacy policy and you can contact them directly with any questions. As your (star) rating and the content of your rating may be published with your consent alongside your given name, please ensure that you do not include any personal information that you do not wish to be made public. This data processing in providing this opportunity for feedback is necessary for our legitimate interest in providing customer service and recommendation marketing (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR). These data will be kept until the consent is withdrawn.
2.2. Data processing in the case of orders in the online shop
In addition, we process your personal data in connection with the purchase of items in our online shop.
2.2.1. Purchase and payment of goods in the online shop
We process your personal data (such as contact details, shipping and payment information) when you purchase items from the online shop at the website. If you purchase items for another person (a third party), we will process the third party's personal data (name and contact details) for the purpose of shipping the items to that third party you indicated. Make sure you are authorised to provide such personal data. This data processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (legal basis: Article 6(1)(b) GDPR). According to the law, we must retain the data related to contractual relationships for 7 years.
2.2.2. Emails about an abandoned shopping cart
If you have placed items in your basket but not completed the order process, we may send you a single abandoned cart e-mail to the e-mail address stored in your customer account. This data processing is necessary for our legitimate interest to remind you of any purchasing processes you have not yet completed (legal basis: Article 6(1)(f) GDPR). You can object to this type of processing and unsubscribe from our abandoned cart e-mailing at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link that is placed at the bottom of the abandoned cart e-mailing
2.2.3. Fraud and credit check
We check, based on your device and predefined rules, whether the order should be categorised as suspicious with regard to fraud. If fraud is suspected, we will additionally carry out an individual check of the order. The result of this manual fraud check may be positive, which would lead to the order being approved. However, if the suspicion of fraud persists, we may decide to cancel the order, depending on the specific case. This data processing is necessary for our legitimate interest in preventing and minimizing the risk of payment defaults, false details being used and fraud (legal basis: Article 6(1)(f) GDPR). This data will be kept for the period that is required under Dutch law for 7 years compliance with the applicable legislation and Scheme Rules compliance purposes (fraud prevention and fraud investigation).
2.2.4. Cancellation of purchase
In all cases of cancellation of the purchase (e.g., withdrawal from the contract), we will process your personal data for the return of the items and the refund of the purchase price. This data processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (legal basis: Article 6(1)(b) GDPR) and/or to comply with a legal obligation (legal basis: Article 6(1)(c) GDPR). According to the Dutch law, we must retain the data related to contractual relationships for 7 years.
2.3. Share information with Manchester City
We will share certain personal data of you with Manchester City which is necessary for our legitimate interest (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR). This means that although we control the website and sell the items that you purchase directly to you (including managing all aspects of fulfilment), we are doing this as part of a contractual relationship between us and Manchester City. As a part of that relationship, we share details of customers and website visitors of Manchester City products. Manchester city acts as a controller for the personal data shared by us with them. Manchester City will use your personal data in accordance with their privacy policy and you can contact them directly with any questions by emailing the relevant contact set out in there. The following personal data types are shared: contact information (e.g., name, E-mail address and telephone number), preference information that we observed based on your website visits (see also our Cookie settings), transaction information (e.g., purchase details, payment details and delivery details) and voluntary information (e.g., date of birth, gender, favourite football player).
2.4. Other processing
2.4.1. Performing internal audits
Your personal data may be processed in the context of audits conducted in relation to the organisation of stichd or Manchester City. During this process, depending on the case, we also rely on data from other sources (e.g., credit bureaus). Your data may also be processed appropriately under certain circumstances in order to identify and correct misconduct within the company and to implement compliance programs and measures. This data processing is necessary in order to comply with our legal obligations (legal basis: Article 6(1)(c) GDPR) and/or for our legitimate interest for us to operate efficiently, deal with any issues which may arise and to protect ourselves against misconduct and fraud cases, to protect ourselves and others against fraudulent transactions, and to enforce and/or defend our rights and to find out about possible criminal offences (legal basis: Article 6(1)(f) GDPR).
2.4.2. Performing analyses
Based on your data, which we process in accordance with the meaning of Article 2 of this privacy policy, we can perform analyses. These serve as a basis for our business decisions, to improve our products and services, to adapt to the needs of our customers and to carry out marketing activities. The analyses made on this basis are no longer personal, so it is no longer possible to trace them back to you. This data processing is necessary for our legitimate interest to improve our products and services and to conduct marketing activities (legal basis: Article 6(1)(f) GDPR). This data will be kept for a maximum of 24 months, or until you, where consented, withdraw your consent.
2.5 Protecting Your Data
We secure our website and other systems against loss, destruction, unauthorized access, modification or distribution of your data by unauthorized persons by implementing the appropriate technical and organizational measures. Furthermore, your personal data is transmitted to us in encrypted format. This applies to your order and when you log in as a customer. We use the SSL (Secure Socket Layer) coding system.
3. RETENTION AND DELETION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only store your personal data for as long and as far as is necessary for the purposes mentioned in this privacy policy or as long and as far as we have a legal requirement to do so. By law, different retention periods apply to different types of records and data, whereas legal storage periods can be up to 10 years in some cases. The longest we will normally hold any personal data is up to 7 years from the date of your last transaction, for taxation, accounting and business purposes. This can be longer if we are required to keep personal data longer because of the applicable law or when necessary for our legitimate business interest, including legal investigations or disputes. If we need to keep any personal data longer for our legitimate business interest and protecting our legal rights, we will keep the necessary information for this purpose until the relevant claim(s) have been settled.
4. TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA AND CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENTS
Your personal data can be transferred/disclosed to the following categories of recipients:
1.	Manchester City, for the provision of the operating services by stichd of the website and the items sold on it.
2.	IT service providers, marketing services providers and other service providers who, among other things, prepare the platforms, databases and tools for our products and services (e.g., the website, sell items, sending informative e-mails), analyse user habits on the website, and process your personal data on our behalf during the purchase process.
3.	Data analytics providers. In connection with the use of Google Analytics and Google AdWords, including tags and cookies, your personal data may be transferred to the USA. Google LLC is subject to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield. This means that appropriate protection of your personal data is guaranteed.
4.	In order to provide you with a localised version of the website, we transfer your personal data to a third-party service provider in the USA. The external service provider is subject to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield. This means that appropriate protection of your personal data is guaranteed.
5.	For the delivery of your purchased items on the website (including notifications about the delivery status of orders), we transfer your personal data to our contracted providers for handling and shipping (e.g., DHL, UPS, TNT etc.). The transfer of your personal data is based on the performance of a contract with you (legal basis: Article 6(1)(b) GDPR).
6.	In addition, we transfer your personal data if we are legally obliged to do so (for example, to the authorities in the context of a criminal investigation or to the appropriate data protection supervisory authorities. This transfer of personal data is necessary in order to comply with a legal obligation (legal basis: Article 6(1)(c) GDPR) or where we reasonably conclude that its necessary for defending, exercising or establishing our legal rights for our legitimate interest (legal basis: Article 6(1)(f) GDRP).
5. RIGHT TO OBJECT TO DATA PROCESSING ON THE BASIS OF LEGITIMATE INTERESTS
We process your personal data within the meaning of Article 2, based on our legitimate interest to ensure IT security on the website, to adapt the website to your needs, to perform analyses, to inform you about our product reviews, to remind you about purchases that have not yet been completed, to prevent fraud and abuse, to prevent non-payment, to take care of our customers, to secure, strengthen and improve our legitimate interest (including in court if necessary) and to carry out our international management and cooperation. Please contact privacy@stichd.com for information on the balancing of interests by stichd. Notwithstanding the specific possibilities to object to the processing of data described in Article 2 (e.g. the links to unsubscribe), you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) GDPR for reasons relating to your particular situation by sending an e-mail to privacy@stichd.com. We will then no longer process your data for these purposes, unless our legitimate interests for processing outweigh them or the processing is for the establishment, exercise, or substantiation of legal claims. If you object to the processing of your data, we will process the personal data collected in this context in order to respond to your request. This data processing is necessary in order to fulfil a legal obligation (legal basis: Article 6(1)(c) GDPR).
6. RIGHT TO WITHDRAW CONSENT
If you have given us permission to process your personal data, you can withdraw this permission at any time. The withdrawal of your consent is effective for the future and does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before the withdrawal. Unless specifically provided for in Article 2, please send your withdrawal of consent to privacy@stichd.com.
If you withdraw your consent, we will process your personal data collected in this context in order to respond to your request. This data processing is necessary in order to fulfil a legal obligation (legal basis: Article 6(1)(c) GDPR).
7. YOUR OTHER DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
In accordance with the GDPR, you have the following rights to exercise and to request from us that we:
Provide you with information on your personal data that we process (Article 15 GDPR)
Rectify your personal data stored on our systems (Article 16 GDPR)
Delete your data (Article 17 GDPR)
Restrict your data (Article 18 GDPR)
Export your data (Article 20 GDPR)
You may exercise any of the rights outlined above by emailing us at privacy@stichd.com or in writing to stichd sportmerchandising B.V., de Waterman 2, 5215 MX 's-Hertogenbosch, the Netherlands. If you exercise these rights against us, we will process your personal data to respond to your request. This data processing is necessary in order to fulfil a legal obligation (legal basis: Article 6(1)(c) under GDPR).
Regardless of your rights mentioned above, you may lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority if you believe that the processing of your personal data us is in breach of the GDPR (Article 77 GDPR).
8. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
The provisions of this privacy policy, including the information on cookies referred to apply to the version in force at the time the website is used. We reserve the right to supplement and amend the content of this privacy policy. The updated privacy policy shall apply from the time it is published on the website. In the event of substantial or material changes to the privacy policy, in particular changes that affect the processing of your personal data already collected by us, we will inform you in advance (e.g., by e-mail or via the website).