Privacy Policy
Last Revised: Apr 26th, 2024
iSharing (“iSharing,” “we,” or “us”) are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains our practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of information that is collected through our Service, as well as your choices regarding the collection and use of information.
How We Collect and Use Information
We collect the following types of information about you:
Registration and Profile Information:
When you create an account, we may collect your personal information such as your name, email address, mobile phone number and a photo, if you chose to have a photo associated with your account. If you want to add a friend to your account, we collect the family member’s name, email address, and mobile phone number. We may also collect billing information when you sign up for Premium service. If you remove your account from iSharing, we destroy all data.
Geolocation:
We collect your unique user identifier and your location through GPS, WiFi, or wireless network triangulation in order to obtain your location for the purposes of providing our Service. We collect the location of your designated “Places” to provide alerts when members arrive and leave. If you delete a place, the location of place is removed completly. We maintain location information only so long as is reasonable to provide the Service and then delete location data tied to your personal information. We may maintain de-identified location data for a longer period of time in order to analyze aggregate trends and metrics. We may also share location information with third parties for advertising, research, and analytic purposes. If you want to opt-out of the collection of your location data, please disable Location Service for iSharing app in your settings in your mobile device. If you remove your account from iSharing, we destroy the location data.
Messages and User Content:
We collect information when you message other members through use of the service. We don’t retain the any message after delivery to your member.
Contacts:
We collect your contacts in order to find which friends of yours are using iSharing. We don’t retain the any data after checking.
Information we receive about you from others:
Social Media:
When you interact with our site through various social media, such as when you Like us on Facebook or post a comment to our Facebook page, we may receive information from the social network such as your profile information, profile picture, gender, user name, user ID associated with your social media account, age range, language, country, friends list, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to iSharing’s website or Service.
Information we collect automatically through the use of technology.
When you visit our website or use our mobile app, we and our business partners may collect certain information about your computer or device through technology such as cookies, web beacons, log files, or other tracking/recording tools. The information we collect through the use of tracking technologies includes, but is not limited to, IP address, browser information, referring/exit pages and URLs, click stream data and information about how you interact with links on the website, mobile app, or Service, domain names, landing pages, page views, cookie data that allows us to uniquely identify your browser and track your browsing behavior on our site, mobile device type, mobile device IDs or other persistent identifiers, and location data collected from your mobile device. Some or all of this data may be combined with other personally identifying information described above. When you access our Service by or through a mobile device, we may receive or collect and store a unique identification numbers associated with your device or our mobile application (including, for example, a UDID, Unique ID for Advertisers (“IDFA”), Google Ad ID, or Windows Advertising ID or other identifier), mobile carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, mobile device operating system brand and model, phone number, and, depending on your mobile device settings, your geographical location data, including GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude), WiFi location or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device. We use this information to:
Remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site or mobile app
Provide custom, personalized content and information, including advertising
Track your location and movements
Monitor the effectiveness of our Service and our marketing campaigns
Monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, users, traffic, and demographic patterns
Diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our Users or engineers that are associated with certain IP addresses or User IDs, and Automatically update our mobile application on your system and related devices.
We may also collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit, your use of third-party applications, and other information that assists us in analyzing and improving the Service. Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our Users, we are not able to respond to Do Not Track signals from your browser at this time.
Sharing of Your Information
Personal Information: We may share your personal information with third parties outside the Company and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates in some circumstances, including:
We share your personal information, including name, email, location and photo, with others within your iSharing friends.
We may share your personal information with our third-party business partners, vendors and consultants who perform services on our behalf or who help us provide our Services, such as accounting, managerial, technical, marketing or analytic services.
We may share your personal information, including your location data, with third parties for marketing purposes
Any information or content that you voluntarily post to the website or to our Facebook page will automatically be available to the public. We may publicly post your reviews and comments online on our website or mobile app, or link your reviews to third party websites.
We may aggregate or otherwise strip data of all personally identifying characteristics of our data and may share that anonymized and/or aggregated data with third parties. For example, we may share de-identified location data with third parties that analyze location and movement trends.
We may at any time buy or sell/divest the company, or any combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses. Personal information such as customer names and email addresses, and other user information related to the Service will likely be one of the items transferred in these types of transactions. We may also share, transfer or assign such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions or similar transactions or proceedings.
To help us improve our service we collect the following information on an anonymous basis: Operating System, BluetoothName, Carrier Code (Android only), Carrier Name, Sim Code, Charging Status, Device Model, Device Manufacturer, Country, Locale, Bundle ID, Date & time, SSID (network), BSSID (network), Latitude, Longitude, Accuracy (GPS), Scanned networks. In addition to helping us to measure the usage of our app this anonymous information is shared with third parties for their business purposes, including the creation of reports, market, scientific and statistical research and trend analysis. One of these third parties is Huq, data shared does not contain information from which users can be identified and we will not provide additional information to such third parties that enables such third parties to identify you. You can find a full description of Huq and what it does with the information collected via our app
here
.
We share personal information with third-party partners that provide certain features and services you may use in connection with our Service. When iSharing app is in use (or running in the background) we collect and share with our business partners the following device and location data: Precise location data of the device, WIFI signals or Bluetooth Low Energy devices in you proximity, device-based advertising identifiers, app names and/or identifiers, and information about your mobile device such as type of device, operating system version and type, device settings, time zone, carrier, and IP address.
That data may be used for the following purposes: (a) to customize and measure ads in apps and other advertising; (b) for app and user analytics; (c) for disease prevention, and cybersecurity; (d) for market, civic / government or other research regarding aggregated human foot and traffic patterns, and (e) to generate proprietary pseudonymized identifiers tied to the information collected for the above purposes.
The information we collect, including device data and identifiers and precise location data, may be shared with third parties including advertising and data companies, brands, and analytics, non-profit, financial, government and research organizations and other businesses that do location-based analytics (and their service providers).
To opt out of the use and sale of our partner
Outlogic
, a location data provider, please go to Outlogic’s “Your Privacy Choices” page at
https://outlogic.io/opt-out-form/
For GDPR, Outlogic’s Trusted Partner List:
https://outlogic.io/trusted-partners/
One of our third-party partners, Cumberland Solutions S.L. (
Weplan Analytics
), is a crowdsourcing mobile data and analytics company focused on the telecommunications industry. Weplan Analytics collaborates with mobile operators, TowerCos and Telecommunications Regulatory Agencies in order to improve their network coverage through Business Intelligence Reports and Network Quality of Experience Dashboards. Using our app and permitting Weplan Analytics to measure network performance linked with location data (from GPS or network-based location) in a pseudonymized manner, may help improve the performance of the networks you use. Weplan Analytics combines data collected from millions of devices, fully anonymizing data before providing their customers with network performance maps. Weplan Analytics doesn’t collect sensitive personal information like name, phone number or email, nor personal identifiers like Mobile Advertising ID, IMEI, IMSI or ICCID to ensure data is not attributed to particular and identifiable consumers. To read more about what data is collected by Weplan Analytics and its privacy policy, please follow the
link
.
A list of our third-party partners can be found
here
.
Except as described above, we will not disclose personal information to third parties (including law enforcement, other government entity, or civil litigant; excluding our subcontractors) unless required to do so by law or subpoena or if in our sole discretion, we determine it is necessary to (a) conform to the law, comply with legal process, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any claims or allegations, or to protect the security or integrity of our site; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of iSharing, our Users or others.
How we protect your information
iSharing cares about the security of your information and uses commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technological safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information we collect and that we share with our service providers. However, no security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
Your Choices About Your Information
You may, of course, decline to submit any personal information through the Service, in which case iSharing may not be able to provide its Services to you.
Modifying Your Account Information and Settings:
You may modify your account information, update or amend your personal information, or change your password at any time by logging in to your account. You can also stop receiving promotional email communications from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe link” provided in such communications. We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. As noted above, you may not opt out of Service-related communications (e.g., account verification, parental consent notification, order confirmations, change or updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). If you have any questions about reviewing or modifying your account information, you can contact us directly at contact@isharingsoft.com.
Third Party Tracking and Advertising:
We may share, or we may permit third party ad networks, social media companies, and other third party services to collect, information about the browsing behavior of our users of Service through cookies, social plug-ins, or other tracking technology. We may permit third party online advertising networks to collect information about your use of our Services over time, including location information, so that they may play or display ads that may be relevant to your interests on our Service as well as on other websites or services, or on other devices you may use. Typically, the information is collected through cookies or similar tracking technologies. You may be able to “opt out” of the collection of information through cookies or other tracking technology by actively managing the settings on your browser or mobile device. Please refer to your browser’s or mobile device’s technical information for instructions on how to delete, disable, and/or limit the use of cookies or other tracking/recording tools. Depending on your mobile device, you may not be able to control all tracking technologies through your device settings but you can uninstall the app if you do not want to have tracking information automatically collected. You may also be able to limit interest-based advertising through the settings on your browser or device. For example, you may be able to opt-out of some interest-based advertising on your mobile device by selecting “limit ad tracking” (iOS) or “opt-out of interest based ads” (Android). To learn more about interest-based advertising and how you may opt-out of some of this tracking, you may wish to visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources, at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
and/or the DAA’s resources at
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
. You may also be able to opt-out of some – but not all – interest-based ads served by mobile ad networks by visiting
http://youradchoices.com/appchoices
and downloading the mobile AppChoices app. If you have any questions about third party tracking and advertising, you can contact us directly at
contact@isharingsoft.com
.
Third Party Location Sharing:
We may share your personal information, including location data, with third parties so that they may play or display ads that may be relevant to your interests, for example by sending you an ad for a local business, or so that they may conduct research, analyze trends and perform other analytics or reporting functions. We do not share your personal information and location data with third parties for advertising purposes if you have selected “Limit Ad Tracking” or “Opt-Out of Interest Based Ads” on your mobile device. You can opt-out of having your location data shared with these third parties by adjusting your settings on your mobile device to prohibit iSharing from collecting your location data. For example, depending on your mobile device, you may be able to “Turn location services ‘off.’ You can also adjust your device settings to withdraw permission for the iSharing app to access location data. Please note that your iSharing app may not be able to provide all of our Services to you if you disable access to location data through your device settings.
Delete Your Account and Personal Information: We will retain your information for up to 1 year after the last day your account is active or as needed to provide you services. You can delete your account at iSharing app > menu > Settings > Delete my account. If you wish to remove your account, please contact us at contact@isharingsoft.com.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service allows parents to keep track of their children’s location on mobile devices that the Parent has added to the Family account. The Service is intended to be used by children under 16 only with significant parental involvement and approval. If a Parent wishes to add a User who is under 16 to the Family account, the Parent must first complete the Parental Consent Form and return it via mail, fax or email. The Parental consent form can be found here
Parental Consent Form
The child will then be able to participate in the iSharing Service as a member of that Family Account. The child’s personal information, including name, user name, email, and location, will be shared with other members of the Family account and the child user will be permitted to contact, and be contacted by, other members of the Family account through the Service. iSharing may collect, use, disclose, and store the child’s personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. However, we do not use or share personal information collected from the accounts of children under 16 for marketing or advertising purposes, or permit our third party partners to collect and use such information for advertising purposes.
The Parent may contact us to review and/or delete any personal information we have collected from the child, or to withdraw permission for iSharing to collect any additional information from the child. Please contact us at contact@isharingsoft.com if you have questions about your child’s account. If you believe that we might have inadvertently collected information from a child under 16 without parental consent, please contact us at contact@isharingsoft.com.
Links to Other Web Sites and Services
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the Service, nor the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
iSharing may, in its sole discretion, modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this page periodically. When we change the policy, we will update the ‘last modified’ date at the top of this page. If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy or in how iSharing will use your personal information, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the change or by directly sending you a notification.
Your California Privacy Rights
iSharing collects various types of personal information about you both online and offline, as described in this privacy policy. Under California law, iSharing customers who are residents of California may request certain information about our disclosure of personal information during the prior calendar year to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To opt in or out of personal information share,
adjust the setting in your iSharing app’s Menu > Settings > Privacy Policy.
How to contact us
To opt in or out of personal information share,
adjust the setting in your iSharing app’s Menu > Settings > Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service, please contact us at
contact@isharingsoft.com
.