› Gambino Poker Privacy Policy
Gambino Poker want you to feel secure and confident when you play our game. Our Privacy Policy will provide clear information about the data we collect and how we use it to provide a better social gaming experience. When you join Gambino Poker, you accept our Terms & Conditions of Service during registration or game install. This covers the consent to our collection and use of that personal information as described in this Privacy.  Also see our
Delete or Receive Your Data
page for instructions regarding the deletion or update of data we may hold about you on the game
Policy information.
1. Who Are Gambino Poker?
2. References to Gambino & Players of the Game
3. How We Collect Information about You
4. The Information We Collect
5. How We Use this Information
6. Third Party Service Providers, Including Purchases
7. Transfer of Knowledge
8. Cookies & Flash
9. Children
10. Fishing, Spam & Hacking
11. Links to Other Sites
12. Offers / Marketing Adverts / Offer Walls
13. Chat, Fan Pages and Communication Options
14. Competitions & Promotions
15. Security of Your Information
16. International Processes and Transfers
17. Changing or Deleting Your Information
18. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
19. General Public Notices
20. Contact Us / Support Registration Information
1. Who Are Gambino Poker?
Gambino Poker are owned and distributed by Social Applications Ltd. Our game is often referred to as an ‘Application’ or ‘App’ and is available via Facebook, Apple, Google Play for mobile, android and desktop.
​
2. References to Gambino Poker and Players of the Game.
We may refer to (ourselves) both Gambino, Gambino Poker and Social Applications Ltd throughout these terms as ‘Us’ or ‘We’. We may also refer to Customers using the game as ‘You’ ‘Customer(s)’ and ‘Players’. By stating Gambino throughout the game, we are referring only to this Gambino Poker game and nothing more.  We may also refer loosely to platforms hosting the game such as 'Facebook' 'Apple' and 'Google Play' as 'Providers'
3. How We Collect Information about You.
For you to use the game, it is a necessary to collect some information via the Facebook and delivering services such as Apple and Google Play. This will enable you to enjoy and easily navigate the game. Your agreement takes place when you ‘accept’ or ‘allow’ or ‘agree’ to one of the areas of our Application of Gambino Poker, on any platform.
4. The Information We Collect.
We collect the information that is a necessary part of using Gambino Poker and its services… this includes any additional sites or ticketing systems connected to Gambino Poker on Facebook, or whichever other platform may be used. The information we ask for via the various areas of Gambino Poker, may include; your name, your profile picture / URL, your user ID number, which is linked to publicly available information such as name and profile photo, the user ID numbers for your friends that are also connected to our game(s), the login e-mail you provided to the service provider when you registered, your physical location and that of your access devices, your gender, your birthday.
The User ID number used by, and often referred to by Gambino to identify your account and profile is public and appears in the URL of your profile page, but access is limited to the information that is considered public or that you have designated as public in your settings.
5. How We Use this Information.
The information is collected to ensure a smooth and enjoyable use of the Gambino game or website. Collectively the information is used to enable many aspects of the game and sites related to Gambino Poker. The information is used to provide access and gameplay, to issue bonuses and points awards, to register your account and improve your play. It is also used to enable user communications within the game, to help prevent illegal or fraudulent activity. To send notifications to users. To enable the user to connect regarding support issues and to help and aid users and resolve disputes. To ensure the user is aware of any information we feel necessary to them, the game and the promotion of the game and play. To gather statistical information. Special offers and promotional offers via email are only considered where a customer is registered and has specifically given permission to receive such offers and promotions.
Facebook allows the restriction of many aspects of your information both within applications and outside of such applications to avoid applications being able to receive such information. Where these preferences are stated Gambino respect and ensure these restrictions are met.
6. Third Party Service Providers, Including Purchases.
Third party companies may be used for services and activities on our game. This may include but is not limited to purchase providers via banner ads and links within the game, Internet, marketing, database, and maintenance and/or other services. Such parties may require or have access to some or all the information on the databases holding personal data. We will only provide the information to provide the service you require or to perform certain tasks required by us or the game. In-game virtual currency or goods are sold on our behalf via possibly more than a single provider that may also require or have access to some or all of this data. Gambino do not receive and process delicate billing information such as card processing numbers and details. The details of virtual goods/offers providers is available to all customers using any of these services.
Facebook Credits: We do not currently use this system of payment. If this or any other monetary change takes place, then this will be clearly stated on our application and within our Terms & Conditions.
7. Transfer of Knowledge
Gambino Poker may transfer, sell, or share some or all its assets, including the information held within our systems. This may include your Personal Information. This section is specific to a business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, reorganisation, or sale of assets. The same applies in the event of bankruptcy or receivership.
8. Cookies & Flash
Cookies is a computer term for a small file transfer that is held by your computer (until you log off, your cookies are deleted or until the cookie expires). When you access our websites or play our games, we collect certain technical information about your computer system and usage stats about your interactions with our application or website. This information is collected using server log files and tracking technologies to collect and analyse certain types of technical information including cookies. Cookies are used in different ways to do different jobs from saving your login details for future sessions to enabling features of the service. If you do not accept cookies on your computer, you may not be able to use some or all of the game, functions or services. Gambino may use other technologies including to allow other technologies or objects to work correctly. Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies and cookie management tools available in a web browser will not remove flash cookies. To learn more about and manage flash cookies you can visit
http://www
. adobe.com/products/flash player/articles/lso/ and make changes at the privacy settings panel. Please note that companies delivering advertisements in our games or on our websites may also use cookies or other technologies, and those practices are subject to their own policies.
9. Children
Our game is available only on systems where the minimum age of use is 13 years or over. Children under the age of 13 should not use our websites or games at any time. If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personal information from children under the age of 13, we will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such information from our records.
10. Fishing, Spam & Hacking
Fishing is another name for identity theft. Spam is unsolicited email. Hacking is unauthorized use of computer and network resources but is also a term used when a person has compromised your account or email in the attempt to steal something that may belong to you – this includes but is not limited to virtual goods such as points, gold or chips within a game. Safe-guarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your account ID, login username or password, or national identification numbers or any other delicate information via email, telephone, messenger or any provider inbox. Never click on links or boxes that you do not trust or recognise as normal. Do not disclose your personal information to any person. If you are in doubt as to whether a contact is real or not, contact us for further advice before acting on anything.
11. Links to Other Sites
Our Services contain links to other websites. If you choose to visit an advertiser by clicking on a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or click on another third-party link, you will be directed to that third party´s website. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorisation, or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. If you have any questions about how these other websites use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly.
12. Offers / Marketing Adverts / Offer Walls
Purchase pages may display an “offer wall” that is hosted by an offer wall provider. The offer wall allows third party advertisers to provide virtual currency to users in exchange for interacting with an advertisement or for completing a marketing offer that may include signing up for an account with one of those advertisers. These are not offers made by Gambino. These offers may be displayed to you based on certain technical information, such as your geographic area or anonymous demographic information. After clicking on one of these advertisements, you may no longer be on a site hosted by Gambino, Facebook, Apple, or Google Play. To properly credit user accounts and to prevent fraud, a unique identifier, in some cases your user ID number, will be shared with the offer wall provider. This identifier is used to ensure proper crediting of your account, prevent fraud or duplicate offers and to resolve any customer service inquiries that may arise. Once you complete an offer, you will then return to the Gambino website or game. Any problems with offers non provided after an effort to take part in a survey or adverts requirements must be directed to the Offer Provider responsible for this.
13. Chat, Fan Pages and Communication Options
Actions undertaken by Players may be logged or recorded. You may be able to take part in certain activities on our websites or games that give you the opportunity to communicate or share information not just with Gambino, but also with other users. This may include but is not limited to: participating in game fan pages, player forums, message boards and chat features. There are a variety of areas that can be seen, changed, viewed, or used that are part of the players account or the areas where your account may visit or include data or information as part of your free will or as part of your profile. This includes, but is not limited to profiles, posting public comments to other users’ profiles or pages, sending private messages, chat, or invitations to other users, either directly on the game, pages or websites or to their e-mail accounts. Chat is not a restricted option and may include messages of players own free will. Posting photos and videos and other media may also be a public option. Messages in chat within the game can and do include obscenities or explicit language or content that may be offensive. Whilst it is impossible to prevent this from being possible, all complaints are taken seriously and are fully investigated. It is important however to understand that this kind of direct and real time communication can take place. We are within our right, and may record communications on Gambino Poker game, pages, websites, walls, and other areas. By accepting the Terms & Conditions of Gambino Poker you consent to the recording and storage of such communications for these purposes and any other purposes of the game and well-being of patrons.
14. Competitions & Promotions
Competitions and promotions for virtual goods work within all the information laid out on this page in relation to Privacy. Promotions which offer prizes other than virtual currency or virtual goods may have separate requirements for eligibility and other rules, which you can easily locate and should review before deciding whether to participate. These alternative rules would be clearly displayed on the same page or on a linked page next to the competition or promotion.
15. Security of Your Information
Gambino take the security of data very seriously. Security measures are in place both online and offline to ensure this is not infiltrated. In addition to the steps we take, it is important that you protect and maintain the security of your account and that you immediately notify us of any unauthorised use of your account. While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of our websites and our customer databases and records, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure, and we cannot guarantee that unauthorised access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. We urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe (including your account password), and to log out of your account after use. If your Facebook, mobile or any other account is hacked, this may lead to unauthorised use of your games, so be careful to keep your account information secure. If this happens, Gambino will not take responsibility for any damage or theft caused by this action. If you have questions about the security of our websites, please contact us using he ticket system outlined below.
16. International Processes and Transfers
Gambino Poker are based in the United Kingdom. Gambino is available to persons worldwide. Information may be transferred and maintained on computers located outside of your country or government jurisdiction where laws, including but not limited to Privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.
17. Changing or Deleting Your Information
Facebook controls the basic profile information held within the game and this can be changed, edited, or updated via your normal Facebook profile. If you completely delete all such information, then your account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please contact us via the ticket system using the same email used at signup and login and quote as much detail as possible and we will attempt to accommodate your request. We will refuse to do this if we suspect this request is not from the person that owned the account or is not sent via the linked email.  Regardless of the reasons we will not move account information or chips from one account to another in the event of you being hacked.  We can only remove a record if we believe we do not have any legal obligation to retain the record.
18. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
This Policy may, from time to time, be updated or changed. If you specifically register for a service relating to Gambino that is outside of the platform you use, we will (if collected) send you an email update of these changes. Other notices may exist on our website and on our official Application Fan Page. You should periodically check
www.gambinopoker.com
and this privacy page for updates.
19. General Public Notices
For example, scheduled maintenance will be outlined on our Fan Page, either in advance of the said work or as soon as possible during emergency or unscheduled necessary maintenance.
20. Contact Us / Support Information
Our contact/support links are available on all our websites. When contacting us please ensure you provide all details of your problem and yourself so we can quickly help you. We endeavour to answer all enquiries within 24 hours but please allow up to 7 days, especially during holidays, weekends, and times where there could be additional problems.  In addition, we only reply to emails where a reply is required or need to update you.  This is to prevent unnecessary emails from us being sent.
Privacy Policy