Privacy Policy
Our products — such as but limited to ’Sodes, Time Zones, etc. — are owned, operated, and maintained by Nice Boy LLC (“us”). Nice Boy LLC respects your right to privacy and shares your concern about the security of any data you may submit via our mobile applications (“apps”) or support channels (e.g. email, social media).
Your privacy is critically important to us. We don’t want to be creepy stalkers or evil spammers. We have a few fundamental principles:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the ongoing operation of one of our services.
The following statement discloses the guidelines Nice Boy LLC has established for protecting the information you provide to us during your visit to the site and while using the app.
Aggregated Statistics
We may collect statistics about the behavior of users of the app. For example, we may aggregate anonymous data about time spent using various features of ’Sodes, or tracking performance metrics like how many seconds it takes to refresh a podcast feed.
Our apps use Fabric.io to aggregate both anonymous usage data as well as anonymous crash reports. Please consult Fabric’s own
privacy policies
for more information about how this anonymous data is used.
Other than these aggregated anonymous statistics, Nice Boy LLC does not collect any other information from our apps. Your list of subscribed podcasts, your listening history, your favorite time zones, etc. — that kind data is stored exclusively on your personal device and is therefore protected by all the security features and privacy policies that Apple extends by default to all native iOS applications.
Children
We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If you are under thirteen, please do not submit any data through the app (which isn’t even possible to do, as no Personal Data is collected by the apps).
We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our privacy policy by instructing their children to never provide personal data through any app or website without their parents’ permission.
Exclusions
This privacy policy does not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to us, such as feature requests and feedback sent via our support channels. All unsolicited information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and we shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such unsolicited information to others without limitation or attribution.
Disclaimer
While we continue to work hard to protect your data, no transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Nice Boy LLC. Transmitting personal information is done at your own risk.
Privacy Policy Changes
If Nice Boy LLC makes changes to any terms or conditions of this privacy policy, these changes will be posted on the site in a timely manner. We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. In case of a business transaction in which a portion or all of Nice Boy LLC’s business is acquired, we will notify you as described above in this paragraph.
Contact Us
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this policy or our information practices, please feel free to contact us at any time at desk@jaredsinclair.com
Last updated September 15, 2018
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://fabric.io/terms:
Skip to main content
firebase.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Build
More
Run
More
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
More
Community
More
Support
Go to console
Build
Go to Build
Build Products
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative AI
Run
Go to Run
Run Products
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Overview
Fundamentals
Build
Run
Reference
Samples
Learn
Events
Stories
Firebase
Send feedback
Firebase is back at Cloud Next on April 9 - 11.
Register now.
Make your app
the best it can be with Firebase and generative AI
Build & run modern, AI-powered experiences users love with Firebase, a platform designed to support you throughout your app development journey. Backed by Google and trusted by millions of businesses around the world.
Get started
Try demo
arrow_forward
Build
Get to market quickly and securely with products that can scale globally
Build AI-powered experiences into your apps and accelerate app development with managed infrastructure, powered by Google Cloud, so you can focus on what matters most.
App Hosting
Data Connect
Genkit
View all Build products
Run
Run your app with confidence and deliver the best experience for your users
Launch, monitor, and iterate with AI-assistive tools that help you optimize your app's quality and experience.
App Distribution
Crashlytics
Remote Config
View all Run products
Vertex AI
in Firebase
Genkit
Gemini
in Firebase
Generative AI
Easily integrate Firebase with Gemini and the latest AI technology from Google
View generative AI options
Vertex AI
in Firebase
Genkit
Gemini
in Firebase
More Google and third-party integrations
Easily integrate Firebase with your team's favorite tools.
Project IDX
Flutter
Google Ads
AdMob
Google Marketing Platform
Google Play
Data Studio
BigQuery
Slack
Jira
Android Studio
Extensions
Install pre-packaged, open source bundles of code to automate common development tasks
Explore Extensions
Stream to BigQuery
Search with Algolia
Run Payments with Stripe
Stream to BigQuery
Search with Algolia
Run Payments with Stripe
Easy to integrate on iOS, Android, and the Web
Firebase provides detailed documentation and cross-platform app development SDKs, to help you build and ship apps for iOS, Android, the Web, Flutter, Unity, and C++.
View all docs
News & events
Keep up to date on everything Firebase
View all news
February Update: What's New in Data Connect
February Update: What's New in Data Connect
Read more
Medium
Open Source Internal AI Chat with Genkit
I have released internal AI, an AI chat solution you can easily and cost-effectively run internally, under an open-source license! Recently, Firebase Genkit reached version 1.0 and became stable for production use. With Genkit, you can quickly build
Read more
YouTube
Folded #shorts
The following device has been deprecated and will be removed on February fifth 2025 q2q/30. If you are currently using this device (and I think only those actively using it will be in a position to recognize that password-like string of characters),
View video
Trusted by the largest apps and games
Development teams around the world—including NPR, Halfbrick, Duolingo, and Venmo—use Firebase to build and ship their modern apps.
Common use cases
Use Firebase products together to solve complex app development challenges and optimize your app experience. Learn how to personalize your onboarding flow, grow user engagement, or add new functionality with Firebase.
View solutions
Info
Chat
No additional info available on this page.