We've updated our
privacy policy
for the GDPR. By using our site and app, you agree to our Privacy Policy and use of cookies.
Read More
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the ...
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Advertising
Advertising keeps Google and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible. For example, you won’t see pop-up ads on Google, and we terminate the accounts of hundreds of thousands of publishers and advertisers that violate our policies each year – including ads containing malware, ads for counterfeit goods, or ads that attempt to misuse your personal information.
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses cookies in advertising
Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, it’s harder for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Many websites, such as news sites and blogs, partner with Google to show ads to their visitors. Working with our partners, we may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as to stop you from seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant (such as ads based on websites you have visited).
We store a record of the ads we serve in our logs. These
server logs
typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or, if you are signed-in, that may uniquely identify you. We store this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our services and to maintain the security of our systems. We anonymize this log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months).
Our advertising cookies
To help our partners manage their advertising and websites, we offer many products, including AdSense, AdWords, Google Analytics, and a range of DoubleClick-branded services. When you visit a page or see an ad that uses one of these products, either on Google services or on other sites and apps, various cookies may be sent to your browser.
These may be set from a few different domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, googlesyndication.com, or googleadservices.com, or the domain of our partners’ sites. Some of our advertising products enable our partners to use other services in conjunction with ours (like an ad measurement and reporting service), and these services may send their own cookies to your browser. These cookies will be set from their domains.
See more detail about the
types of cookies used by Google
and our partners and
how we use them
.
How you can control advertising cookies
You can use
ad settings
to manage the Google ads you see and turn off personalized ads. Even if you turn off personalized ads, you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type, and your search terms.
You can also manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the US-based
aboutads.info choices
page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
.
Finally, you can
manage cookies in your web browser
.
Other technologies used in advertising
Google’s advertising systems may use other technologies, including Flash and HTML5, for functions like display of interactive ad formats. We may use the
IP address
, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also select advertising based on information about your computer or device, such as the time and date, your device model, browser type, or sensors in your device like the accelerometer.
Location
Google’s ad products may receive or infer information about your location from a variety of sources. For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location; we may receive precise location from your mobile device; we may infer your location from your search queries; and websites or apps that you use may send information about your location to us.  Google uses location information in our ads products to infer demographic information, to improve the relevance of the ads you see, to measure ad performance and to report aggregate statistics to advertisers.
Advertising identifiers for mobile apps
To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for example, in mobile applications), we may use technologies that perform similar functions to cookies. Sometimes Google links the identifier used for advertising on mobile applications to an advertising cookie on the same device in order to coordinate ads across your mobile apps and mobile browser. This can happen, for example, when you see an ad within an app that launches a web page in your mobile browser. This also helps us improve the reports we give to our advertisers on the effectiveness of their campaigns.
Ads you see on your device may be personalized based on its Advertising ID. On Android devices, you can:
Reset your device’s advertising ID
, which replaces the current ID with a new one. Apps can still show you personalized ads, but for a while they may not be as relevant or interesting to you.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
, which deletes the advertising ID and doesn't assign a new one. Apps can still show you ads, but they may not be as relevant or interesting to you. You won't see ads based on this advertising ID, but you may still see ads based on other factors, like the information you’ve shared with apps.
To make changes to the advertising ID on your Android device, follow the instructions below.
Android
Reset your device’s advertising ID
To reset your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Reset advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
To delete your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Delete advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Your advertising ID will be reset or deleted, but apps may have their own settings using other types of identifiers, which can also affect the types of ads you see.
On some older versions of Android
If your Android device’s version is 4.4 or older:
Open
Settings
Tap
Privacy
>
Advanced
>
Ads
Turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization
and confirm your changes.
iOS
Devices with iOS use Apple’s Advertising Identifier. To learn more about your choices for use of this identifier, visit the
Settings
app on your device.
Connected TV/Over-the-Top
Advertising identifiers for connected TV
Connected TVs are another area where cookie technology is not available, and, instead, Google will rely on device identifiers designed for use in advertising to serve ads. Many connected TV devices support an identifier for advertising that is similar in function to mobile device identifiers. These identifiers are built to give users the option to reset them or to opt out of personalized advertising entirely.
The following “Ads” settings are available on TVs with the following consistent language:
Reset advertising ID
Delete advertising ID
Opt out of Ads Personalization (on or off)
Ads by Google (links to About Google ad personalization)
Your advertising ID (long string)
These Ads settings are available in the following paths on Google TV and Android TV respectively.
Google TV
Consistent path to Ads:
Settings
Privacy
Ads
Android TV
Ads settings show up in one of two general paths for Android TV depending on the TV manufacturer/model. In Android TV, partners have the freedom to adapt the Settings path. It’s up to the partner which path they use to best fit their custom TV experience but below are the common paths to Ad settings.
Path A:
Settings
About
Legal Information
Ads
Path B:
Settings
Devices Preferences
About
Legal Information
Ads
Non-Google Devices
Many connected TV devices support identifiers for advertising and offer ways for users to opt out of personalized advertising. A full list of those devices, and ways users can opt out, is kept updated on the Network Advertising Initiative’s website here:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
What determines the ads by Google that I see?
Many decisions are made to determine which ad you see.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on your current or past location. Your IP address is usually a good indication of your approximate location. So you might see an ad on the homepage of YouTube.com that promotes a forthcoming movie in your country, or a search for ‘pizza’ might return results for pizza places in your town.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on the context of a page. If you’re looking at a page of gardening tips, you might see ads for gardening equipment.
Sometimes you might also see an ad on the web that’s based on your app activity or activity on Google services; an in-app ad that’s based on your web activity; or an ad based on your activity on another device.
Sometimes the ad you see on a page is served by Google but selected by another company. For example, you might have registered with a newspaper website. From information you’ve given the newspaper, it can make decisions about which ads to show you, and it can use Google’s ad serving products to deliver those ads.
The ad you see on a household device, such as a connected TV (such as a Smart TV), may be related to the web or app activity from devices within the same household.
You may also see ads on Google products and services, including Search, Gmail, and YouTube, based on information, such as your email address, that you provided to advertisers and the advertisers then shared with Google.
Why am I seeing ads by Google for products I’ve viewed?
You may see ads for products you previously viewed. Let’s suppose you visit a website that sells golf clubs, but you don’t buy those clubs on your first visit. The website owner might want to encourage you to return and complete your purchase. Google offers services that let website operators target their ads to people who visited their pages.
For this to work, Google either reads a cookie that’s already in your browser or places a cookie in your browser when you visit the golfing site (assuming your browser lets this happen).
When you visit another site that works with Google, which may have nothing to do with golfing, you might see an ad for those golf clubs. That’s because your browser sends Google the same cookie. In turn, we may use that cookie to serve you an ad that could encourage you to buy those golf clubs.
Your visit to the golfing site may also be used by Google to show you personalized ads when you later search for golf clubs on Google.
We do have restrictions on this type of ad. For example, we prohibit advertisers from selecting an audience based on sensitive information, such as health information or religious beliefs.
Learn more about
Google ads
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Take your monetization
to the next level
Maximize revenue, reduce costs, and save time with MAX
Start earning more
MAXIMIZE REVENUE
Unified Auction
Ad Formats
360° Growth
ANALYZE & OPTIMIZE
Reporting Tools
A/B Testing
SAVE TIME
Mediation Management
Developer Tools
PROTECT YOUR BRAND
Ad Review
User Journey
Creative Debugger
MAXIMIZE REVENUE
Unified Auction
Ad Formats
360° Growth
ANALYZE & OPTIMIZE
Reporting Tools
A/B Testing
SAVE TIME
Mediation Management
Developer Tools
PROTECT YOUR BRAND
Ad Review
User Journey
Creative Debugger
Increase ad revenue
Earn more for your ad inventory with an integrated 360º approach
Unified Auction
Drive the highest yield for your app real estate
Choose the mediation platform with the most competitive demand: 25+ SDK networks, 20+ in-app bidders, premium and diversified DSPs through the AppLovin Exchange, and custom options for anyone else you work with.
AD FORMATS
Expand your revenue opportunities
Leverage all major ad formats for more ways to drive in-app ad revenue, as well as innovative ad placements like app open and lock screen ads.
Native
Interstitial
Rewarded
Playable
Rich Media
MREC
Banner
Display
360° Growth
Scale your ad revenue with more active users
MAX makes it easy to reinvest your revenues and learned insights into user acquisition with AppLovin’s growth engine, AppDiscovery, to unlock self-perpetuating growth.
Optimize your ad revenue strategy
Make smarter decisions with full transparency into your ad revenue data
REPORTING TOOLS
MAX’s suite of reporting tools gives actionable insights on demand
Measure performance across your entire monetization strategy
Gain insights and identify opportunities to improve yield all within a single, comprehensive, customizable dashboard or downloadable report.
Ad Inventory
Track ad performance, overall revenue, and integration health.
Network
Monitor bidding performance and the ability to fill and serve ads.
Waterfall
Analyze impact of waterfall configurations and segmentation on revenue.
Validate revenue data across MAX and partner networks
Monitor and detect discrepancies between ad sources early to protect your revenue. Compare metrics including:
CPMs
Impressions
Revenue
Understand the entire user lifecycle to optimize LTV
Measure the impact of ad settings on metrics such as user retention, engagement, and revenue per install over time for a group of users who installed an app on the same day.
Get insights into user engagement
View daily analytics on your app’s performance, including number of daily active users in your app, ARPDAU, and the average number of impressions users are seeing. Plus, filter reports by ad format to understand the impact of optimizations.
Access granular data for more accurate ROAS and user LTV calculations
Remove blind spots and better optimize paid user acquisition campaigns with user and impression-level data handed off to your MMP or BI tool of choice.
A/B Testing
Test your entire monetization strategy
Easily set up A/B tests to identify opportunities for driving incremental ad revenue. Test changes to:
Demand partners
Waterfall configurations
Price points
Ad frequency
Refresh rates
User segments
Spend less time on setup and management
Get started quickly and automate processes for revenue optimization
Mediation Management Tools
Modernize traditional waterfalls with automation
Update network CPMs daily without lifting a finger
Ensure fairer competition from non-bidding networks.
Put your CPMs on autopilot
Reduce the need for regular updates, and minimize opportunities for error.
Capture more revenue with better price setting
Leverage historical data to power smart CPM adjustments.
Spend less time on waterfall creation and ad unit management
Manage your setup through the MAX UI or your own BI tool.
Easy Cloning
Speed up waterfall creation by cloning ones that already exist.
Ad Unit Management API
Create ad units, build and update waterfalls, and launch A/B tests via your own platform or BI tool.
Developer Tools
Monetize your apps without disrupting your workflow
Launch your apps confidently
MAX’s testing tools reduce post-launch frustration.
Test Mode
Provide reliable network fill for your test devices.
Mediation Debugger
Verify and troubleshoot your integrated ad networks.
Develop what you want, how you want
MAX provides unmatched support for multiple platforms and development engines.
Supported Platforms
Android
iOS
FireOS
Supported Development Engines
Unity
Adobe AIR
Cordova
React
Unreal
Flutter
Godot
Defold
Unity Integration Manager
Quickly get started monetizing your Unity app with a plugin that integrates the AppLovin SDK and network adapters automatically.
Ensure brand safety
Protect your revenue by ensuring quality in all aspects of your app experience — including which ads users see.
Ad Review
Gain control over ad visibility
Monitor ads running in your app and automatically identify risky or competitive content for easy bad ad reporting.
Detect
Automatically flag risky content and competitor ads based on custom rules and filters.
View
View and filter flagged ads by network, format, content rating, advertiser, rule, and more.
Report
Easily report problematic ads within the dashboard.
Compete
Inform your user acquisition efforts with intel into the latest ad concepts in your app category.
User Journey
Support your support teams — quickly find ads reported by users
View all the ads seen by a user to easily locate problematic ads that could cause churn, and report them directly from the dashboard. Plus, eliminate the need to blindly block ads or networks that may not actually be problematic.
Creative Debugger
Access comprehensive ad information on demand
Use a simple gesture to reveal ad information such as the name of the network, the creative ID, and more, and automatically generate reports for problematic ads.
Here’s what our developers are saying
“
Implementing MAX not only increased our product revenue, but it saved us a lot of operational costs, which allowed our team to refocus their energy on creating great games.
Yudai Hatasa
Producer, KAYAC
“
We are already seeing
incredible lift and increases in revenue
across our top titles, which allows us to invest more in user acquisition.
Dmitry Shelengovskiy
CEO, Playgendary
“
AppLovin made it easy to migrate to MAX and we saw immediate improvements by switching, including a 30% ARPDAU lift on iOS. We were surprised to achieve this much of an improvement without additional optimizations. And even after, the AppLovin team continued to help us with additional tools, integrations, and testing, which drove our total revenue even higher.
Ivan Dama
CEO, IdeaSolutions
“
Implementing MAX not only increased our product revenue, but it saved us a lot of operational costs, which allowed our team to refocus their energy on creating great games.
Yudai Hatasa
Producer, KAYAC
“
We are already seeing
incredible lift and increases in revenue
across our top titles, which allows us to invest more in user acquisition.
Dmitry Shelengovskiy
CEO, Playgendary
“
AppLovin made it easy to migrate to MAX and we saw immediate improvements by switching, including a 30% ARPDAU lift on iOS. We were surprised to achieve this much of an improvement without additional optimizations. And even after, the AppLovin team continued to help us with additional tools, integrations, and testing, which drove our total revenue even higher.
Ivan Dama
CEO, IdeaSolutions
Take your mobile monetization to the MAX
Start earning more
Sub-policy 2
https://ad4game.com/privacy/:
Get Contacted
Fill in and send the following form and we will have an associate reach out to you!
To
Select a department
Publisher - Mobile / Developer
Advertiser - Agency/Brand
Advertiser - Game Publisher
Marketing/PR
Comments/Questions
Subject
First Name
Last Name
Your Email
Company
Phone
Message
Send
HOME
ADVERTISE
PUBLISH
AFFILIATES
MOBILE
DSP
?
Login
Sign Up
Advertise your games, improve your ROI (Advertisers)
Earn revenue by monetizing your traffic (Publishers)
Monetize your online and mobile media (Affiliates)
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Policy Pages
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Opt-out of Ad4Game ads
Exercise Your Rights
Powered by
OneTrust
Cookie Settings
This Privacy Policy (together with our terms of use, which are available at
ad4game.com/terms
) governs the manner in which
                            Ad4Game Ireland Limited (
“Ad4Game”
) collects, uses, maintains and discloses
                            personal data collected from users of the
ad4game.com
website (the
“Site”
) as well as all websites working directly or indirectly with the
                            Ad4Game Network. This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services
                            offered by Ad4Game. Please read this policy carefully to understand the views and practices
                            of Ad4Game regarding your personal data and how Ad4Game will treat it.
Personal Data on website
Ad4Game fully respects your right to privacy and will collect personal data from you only
                            if you voluntarily submit such information to us. Personal data that we collect about you
                            may include your name, email address, telephone number, instant messenger, social account,
                            home/office address and bank details. Any personal data which you volunteer to Ad4Game will
                            be treated strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003. You may
                            refuse to supply personal data to us, except that it may prevent you from engaging in
                            certain Site related activities.
Non-personally identifiable information
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you whenever you interact with
                            our Site. Non-personally identifiable information may include the browser name, the type of
                            computer and technical information about your means of connection to our Site, such as the
                            operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to distinguish you from other users of the Site and to enhance
                            your experience when using the Site. Cookies may be placed by your browser on your hard
                            drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about your use of
                            the Site. You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when
                            cookies are being sent. If you do so, please note that some parts of the Site may not
                            function properly.
How we use collected information
Ad4Game may collect and use Users personal information (only on the www.ad4game.com website,
                            not other websites where we serve our ads) for the following purposes:
- To improve customer service
To help us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
                                It also helps us to administer the Site for internal operations, including troubleshooting,
                                data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
- To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our users as a group use the
                                services and resources provided on our Site.
- Safety
As part of our efforts to keep the Site safe and secure.
- To send periodic emails
If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include
                                company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
                                If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails,
                                we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or you may
                                contact us via our Site at
support@ad4game.com
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures
                            to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your
                            personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and your browser happens over a SSL
                            secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
                            Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security
                            of your data transmitted to our Site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have
                            received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to
                            prevent unauthorised access.
Sharing your personal information
We may disclose your personal data to third parties:
Where we engage trusted third parties to provide services in connection with the Site or
                                our business, including sending out newsletters or surveys on our behalf.
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose
                                your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Ad4Game or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party,
                                in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the
                                transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with
                                any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Website terms of use
                                (
ad4game.com/terms
) and other agreements,
                                or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Ad4Game, our customers or others.
We use the following third parties as data processors for the given reasons.  Some of the
                           information you provide will be transferred to them for processing in accordance with their
                           Privacy Policy and Terms.
Close.io to improve and manage our sales processes (
Privacy Policy
,
Terms
).
Intercom to manage Customer communications and perform Customer Relationship Management tasks
                             (
Terms & Policies
).
MailChimp as our marketing automation platform (
Privacy Policy
,
Terms
).
Zoho for invoicing and billing (
Privacy Policy
,
Terms
).
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our
                            subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 7
                            and 8 of the Companies Act 2014.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our network may be delivered to you by advertising partners, who may set
                            cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send
                            you an online advertisement and to compile non personally identifiable information about you
                            or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things,
                            deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This
                            privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
The cookies placed by Ad4Game are for attribution (conversion tracking) and frequency
                            capping only. They automatically expire after 28 days.
Ad4Game fully complies and adheres to the principles of DAA (Digital Advertising Alliance) /
                            NAI (Network Advertising Initiative) and we simply never store any personal information when
                            showing our ads to any visitors for more than 9 months.
In order to prevent fraud and attribute clicks and conversions, we may collect certain device
                            information including the following:
Name and properties of mobile applications/websites through which a consumer
                                    interacts with the Services;
Country;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services; and
Identifier for advertisers (IFA).
Opt-Out:
All the data we collect is for fraud prevention and conversions attribution only.
                                We do not use interest-based advertising nor retargeting.
To opt-out of our collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s
                            settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar feature on your device. You can also
                            opt-out of our data collection and use through the process we described here
“Opt Out”
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies
                            by visiting
http://preferences-mgr.truste.com
.
Note that if you opt-out you will still see advertising on your device. In addition, if you
                            reset your device identifier or use a different device you may need to renew your opt-out.
Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16 through
                            the Advertising Services and the Site.
We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites or our
                            advertising partners. Please check their privacy policies before you submit any personal
                            data to such websites or advertising partners.
Your Access and Amendment Rights
You have the right, subject to certain exemptions, to obtain a copy of any personal data
                            which we hold about you (for which we may charge you a small fee of €6.35) and to have
                            inaccuracies in the information corrected and to request that we restrict or block the
                            processing of your personal data. If you wish to avail of any of these rights, please
                            contact our data protection officer at
dataprotection@ad4game.com
.
Changes to this privacy policy
Ad4Game has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will
                            post a notification on the main page of our Site and revise the updated date at the bottom
                            of this page. We encourage you to frequently check this page for any changes to stay
                            informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You
                            acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy
                            periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your continued use of the Site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your
                            acceptance of such change.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of and consent to the practices described in
                            this policy and terms of use (
ad4game.com/terms
).
                            If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the
                            Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those
                            changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions, comments or requests in relation to this Privacy Policy, the
                            practices of the Site, or your dealings with the Site, please contact us at:
Ad4Game Ireland Limited
6-9 Trinity Street, Dublin 2, Ireland  support@ad4game.com
This document was last updated on May 18th 2018.
Reach
Mobile Devices
Performance
Based
Campaigns
Reach
Gamers
Content
Ads
Top converting
gaming offers
Competitive
Payment
Terms
Unique
Ad Formats
Google
Ads
Dedicated
Account Managers
Audience
targeting
Contact Us
|
Terms & Conditions
|
Privacy Policy
|
Cookie Policy
|
Developers
Copyright © 2025
Ad4Game
In Game Advertising, Advertise Game, Online Game Advertising, Game Advertising Online
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
More Information
Privacy Preference Centre
Active
Always Active
Save Settings
Allow All
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
Close
Accept Cookies
Cookie Settings
Sub-policy 3
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 4
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 5
https://business.safety.google/privacy/:
business.safety.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Learn more about
how Google processes personal information
Google's use of information
Helps you understand how Google uses personal information it receives from sites or apps that use our advertising services.
Read more
Privacy Policy
Helps you understand what information Google collects and why, how we use it, and how you can review, manage, delete and update it.
Read more
Data use across Google services
Helps you understand how personal data is shared across Google services and how Google handles personal data received from our advertising partners.
Read more
Sub-policy 6
https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/:

Sub-policy 8
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 9
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification
Sub-policy 10
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-privacy-faq/:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Security, Identity, and Compliance
›
Compliance
›
Data Privacy
Data Privacy FAQs
At AWS, customer trust is our top priority.
Maintaining customer trust is an ongoing commitment. AWS continually monitors the evolving privacy regulatory and legislative landscape to identify changes and determine what tools our customers might need to meet their compliance goals. We strive to inform you of the privacy and data security policies, practices, and technologies we’ve put in place.
Page topics
Commitments
4
Data Privacy FAQs
11
Commitments
As a customer, you maintain full control of your content that you upload to the AWS services under your AWS account, and responsibility for configuring access to AWS services and resources. We provide an advanced set of access, encryption, and logging features to help you do this effectively (e.g.,
AWS Identity and Access Management
,
AWS Organizations
and
AWS CloudTrail
). We also provide APIs for you to configure access control permissions for any of the services you develop or deploy in an AWS environment. We do not access or use your content for any purpose without your agreement. We do not use your content or derive information from it for marketing or advertising purposes.
You choose the AWS Region(s) in which your content is stored. You can replicate and back up your content in more than one AWS Region. We will not move or replicate your content outside of your chosen AWS Region(s) without your agreement.
You choose how your content is secured. We offer you industry-leading encryption features to protect your content in transit and at rest, and we provide you with the option to manage your own encryption keys. These data protection features include:
Data encryption capabilities available in over 100 AWS services
.
Flexible key management options using AWS Key Management Service (KMS)
, allowing customers to choose whether to have AWS manage their encryption keys or keep complete control over their keys.
Securityassurance program, using best practices for security and data protection to help you operate securely within AWS, and to make the best use of our security control environment. These security protections and control processes are independently validated by
multiple third-party independent assessments
.
We will not disclose customer content (see How does AWS classify customer information? below) unless we're required to do so to comply with the law or a valid and binding order of a government body. If a governmental body sends AWS a demand for your customer content, we will attempt to redirect the governmental body to request that data directly from you. If compelled to disclose your customer content to a government body, we will give you reasonable notice of the demand to allow you to seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy unless AWS is legally prohibited from doing so.
We define customer content as software (including machine images), data, text, audio, video, or images that a customer or any end user transfers to us for processing, storage, or hosting by AWS services in connection with a customer's account, and any computational results that a customer or their end user derives from the foregoing through their use of AWS services. For example, customer content includes content that a customer or their end user stores in Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3). Customer content does not include account information, which we describe below. Customer content also does not include information included in resource identifiers, metadata tags, access controls, rules, usage policies, permissions, and similar items related to the management of AWS resources. AWS recommends that you do not include personally identifying, confidential, or sensitive information in these items. The terms of the
AWS Customer Agreement
and the
AWS Service Terms
apply to your customer content.
We define account information as information about a customer that a customer provides to us in connection with the creation or administration of a customer account. For example, account information includes names, usernames, phone numbers, email addresses, and billing information associated with a customer account. The information practices described in the
AWS Privacy Notice
apply to account information.
As a customer, you own your customer content, and you select which AWS services can process, store, and host your customer content. We do not access or use your customer content for any purpose without your agreement. We do not use customer content or derive information from it for marketing or advertising.
As a customer, you control your content:
You determine the geographic region where your customer content will be stored and the type of storage.
You choose the secured state of your customer content. We offer you industry-leading encryption features to protect your content in transit and at rest, and we provide you with the option to manage your own encryption keys.
You manage access to your customer content, and access to AWS services and resources through users, groups, permissions, and credentials that you control.
The
AWS Privacy Notice
describes how we collect and use account information.
AWS uses that information to provide the AWS services, and to protect and improve the customer experience. For example, AWS uses resource identifiers to help customers generate cost and usage reports, which can be used to break down AWS spend by cost center, and IAM permissions to determine whether a specific user can purchase reserved instances. When customers contact AWS for technical assistance, AWS may also analyze resource identifiers and permissions to help resolve their issues.
We are vigilant about our customers' privacy. We will not disclose customer content unless we're required to do so to comply with the law or a valid and binding order of a governmental body. If a governmental body sends AWS a demand for customer content, we will attempt to redirect the governmental body to request that data directly from the customer. Governmental and regulatory bodies need to follow the applicable legal process to obtain valid and binding orders. We review all orders and object to overbroad or otherwise inappropriate ones. If compelled to disclose customer content to a government body, we will give customers reasonable notice of the demand to allow the customer to seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy unless AWS is legally prohibited from doing so. It is also important to point out that our customers can encrypt their customer content, and we provide customers with the option to manage their own encryption keys.
We know that transparency matters to our customers, so we regularly publish a report about the types and volume of information requests we receive on the
Amazon Information Requests
webpage.
The
AWS Global Infrastructure
gives you the flexibility to choose where and how you want to run your workloads using the same network, control plane, APIs, and AWS services. If you would like to run your applications globally you can choose from any of the AWS Regions and Availability Zones. As a customer, you choose the AWS Region(s) in which your customer content is stored, allowing you to deploy AWS services in the location(s) of your choice, in accordance with your specific geographic requirements. For example, if an AWS customer in Australia wants to store their data only in Australia, they can choose to deploy their AWS services exclusively in the Asia Pacific (Sydney) AWS Region. If you want to discover other flexible storage options see the
AWS Regions
webpage.
You can also replicate and back up your customer content in more than one AWS Region. We will not move or replicate your content outside of your chosen AWS Region(s), except as necessary to provide the services you initiated, or as necessary to comply with the law or a binding order of a governmental body. However, it is important to note that some AWS services may not be available in all AWS Regions. For more information about which services are available in which AWS Regions, see the
AWS Regional Services
webpage.
When evaluating the security of a cloud solution, it is important for you to understand and distinguish between the security of the cloud, and your security in the cloud. Security of the cloud encompasses the security measures that AWS implements and operates. We are responsible for security of the cloud. Security in the cloud encompasses the security measures that you implement and operate, related to the AWS services you use. You are responsible for your security in the cloud. For more information, see the
AWS Shared Responsibility
webpage.
At AWS, our highest priority is securing our customers’ data, and we implement rigorous contractual, technical, and organizational measures to protect data confidentiality, integrity, and availability regardless of which AWS Region a customer has selected.
AWS complies with ISO 27018, a code of practice that focuses on protection of personal data in the cloud. It extends ISO information security standard 27001 to cover the regulatory requirements for the protection of personally identifiable information (PII) or personal data for the public cloud computing environment and specifies implementation guidance based on ISO 27002 controls that is applicable to PII processed by public cloud service providers. For more information, or to view the AWS ISO 27018 Certification, see the
AWS ISO 27018 Compliance
webpage.
Additionally, AWS publishes a SOC 2 Type II Privacy report, based on the SOC 2 Privacy Trust Criteria developed by the American Institute of CPAs (AICPA), which establishes criteria for evaluating controls related to how personal data is collected, used, retained, disclosed, and disposed to meet the entity’s objectives. The AWS SOC 2 Type II Privacy report provides third-party attestation of our systems and the suitability of the design of our privacy controls. The scope of the privacy report includes information about how we handle the content that you upload to AWS and how it is protected in all of the services and locations that are in scope for the latest
AWS SOC reports
. The SOC 2 Type II Privacy report can be downloaded through
AWS Artifact
in the
AWS Management Console
.
We recommend that customers with questions regarding AWS and data protection contact their AWS account manager. If customers have signed up for Enterprise Support, they can also reach out to their Technical Account Manager (TAM) for support. AWS account managers and TAMs work with Solutions Architects to help customers meet their compliance needs. AWS can’t provide legal advice to customers, and we recommend that customers consult their legal counsel if they have legal questions regarding data protection.
We also have teams of Enterprise Support Representatives, Professional Services Consultants, and other staff to help with privacy questions. You can contact us with questions
here
.
From beginners to experts, we've got digital training courses to fit every skill level.
Explore AWS Skill Builder
»
Have Questions? Connect with an AWS Business Representative
Contact Us
Exploring compliance roles?
Apply today »
Want AWS Compliance updates?
Follow us on Twitter »
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Cryptographic Computing
Culture of Security
Open Source Security
Post-Quantum Cryptography
Provable Security
Ransomware Protection
Zero Trust
Close
Cloud Audit Academy
Compliance Overview
Compliance Programs
Services in Scope
Shared Responsibility Model
Close
Data Protection
Data Privacy Center
Digital Sovereignty
Close
AWS Marketplace
Digital Sovereignty Competency
MSSP
MSSP Competency
Partner Resources
Security Competency
Close
Confidential Computing
Customer Success Stories
Security Best Practices
Security Bulletins
Security Content
Security Learning
Sub-policy 11
https://www.linode.com/privacy:
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
Close
X
Skip to main content
Legal
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
AKAMAI PRIVACY STATEMENT
1. Akamai Group and Contact Details
1.1 Akamai’s Affiliates
1.2 Akamai’s Main EU Establishment and Supervisory Authority
1.3 Akamai’s Data Protection Officers
1.4 How to Contact Us
2. Personal Data Collected and Processed by Akamai Directly and Indirectly
2.1 Services Provisioning
2.2 Marketing Activities
2.3 Recruitment
2.4 Procurement Activities
2.5 Visiting Akamai Sites
2.6 Visiting Akamai Facilities
3. Purpose and Legal Basis for Processing of Personal Data
4. Recipients of Personal Data
5. International Transfer of Personal Data
6. Personal Data Safeguards
7. Personal Data Retention
8. Your Rights as Data Subject
9. Country-Specific Information
9.1 Information for Data Subjects in the EU
9.2 Information under California Law
9.3 Information for Data Subjects in Brazil
10. Children and Minors
11. Tracking Technologies
11.1 Cookie Technologies
11.2 Adobe Analytics
11.3 Third-Party Social Media Widgets
12. Changes to Privacy Statement
12.1 Notification of Changes
12.2 Change Control
AKAMAI PRIVACY STATEMENT
AKAMAI PRIVACY STATEMENT
1. Akamai Group and Contact Details
1.1 Akamai’s Affiliates
1.2 Akamai’s Main EU Establishment and Supervisory Authority
1.3 Akamai’s Data Protection Officers
1.4 How to Contact Us
2. Personal Data Collected and Processed by Akamai Directly and Indirectly
2.1 Services Provisioning
2.2 Marketing Activities
2.3 Recruitment
2.4 Procurement Activities
2.5 Visiting Akamai Sites
2.6 Visiting Akamai Facilities
3. Purpose and Legal Basis for Processing of Personal Data
4. Recipients of Personal Data
5. International Transfer of Personal Data
6. Personal Data Safeguards
7. Personal Data Retention
8. Your Rights as Data Subject
9. Country-Specific Information
9.1 Information for Data Subjects in the EU
9.2 Information under California Law
9.3 Information for Data Subjects in Brazil
10. Children and Minors
11. Tracking Technologies
11.1 Cookie Technologies
11.2 Adobe Analytics
11.3 Third-Party Social Media Widgets
12. Changes to Privacy Statement
12.1 Notification of Changes
12.2 Change Control
Last Updated: December 10, 2024
Akamai Technologies, Inc. and its wholly owned and operated global affiliates (each separately and together “Akamai”) respect your privacy and are committed to compliance with applicable privacy laws, regulations, and principles.
This Privacy Statement covers the personal data which respective Akamai affiliate processes in a controller role (i.e., we process this data for our own purposes), or in any other equivalent role or corresponding terms applied by applicable data protection laws.
The entity controlling your personal data is the entity with which you interact. In case of interaction with Akamai websites (e.g., akamai.com, linode.com or other websites or portals that post a link to this Privacy Statement), the controlling entity is Akamai Technologies, Inc.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to the extent where the respective Akamai affiliate processes personal data in a processor role (i.e., when we offer various services to our customers and act on behalf of our customers), or in any other equivalent role or corresponding terms applied by applicable data protection laws. The details of the processing of personal data in the processor role are outlined in our data processing agreement available in our
Privacy Trust Center
.
A detailed list, with locations, of Akamai’s affiliates covered by this Privacy Statement and contact details is available
here
.
Akamai’s main EU establishment:
Akamai Technologies GmbH
Attn: Global Data Protection Office
Parkring 22
85748 Garching
Germany
Akamai’s Supervisory Authority in the European Union:
Bayerisches Landesamt für Datenschutzaufsicht (BayLDA)
Promenade 18
91522 Ansbach
Germany
Chief Privacy Officer
Global Data Protection Officer
Address:
Akamai Technologies, Inc.
Attn: Chief Privacy Officer
Legal Department
145 Broadway
Cambridge, MA 02142
U.S.A.
Address:
Akamai Technologies GmbH
Attn: Global Data Protection Officer
Parkring 22
85748 Garching
Germany
If you have a question about this statement or Akamai’s handling of your personal data, or if you wish to execute your data subject access rights or provide instructions regarding our use of your personal data as set forth in this Privacy Statement, you may contact us:
To opt out of marketing email communications:
Marketing communication about Cloud Computing services– by contacting us via this
Marketing Email Opt-out Form
Other marketing communication - by contacting us via this
Marketing Email Opt-out Form
To access and provide instruction regarding your personal data via our privacy requests forms:
If you are the user of Cloud Computing services – by contacting us via
Data & Privacy Requests form
Other requests - by contacting us via our
DSAR Form
For any other matters:
By sending an email to
privacy@akamai.com
;
By sending an email to
privacy@linode.com
in matters related to Cloud Computing services, or
By mailing us at the postal addresses indicated in section 1.3 above
This Privacy Statement explains what personal data (otherwise known as personal information) Akamai collects or otherwise processes about you through our interactions with you. Such interactions may occur through your status as, among others, a representative of a customer or a prospective customer; a representative of a partner or third-party service provider; a visitor to our websites, communities, web properties, applications, or portals (“Sites”); a visitor to our offices; a job applicant, or as you otherwise engage with Akamai.
The data collected depends upon the nature of your direct interaction with Akamai, the products, services, and features you use (or that the company you represent uses), Sites you use, as well as any decisions you make about providing data, including decisions through privacy settings that you may set on your browser or device. You may also provide your data to Akamai indirectly through use of one of Akamai’s customers’ websites, applications or corporate systems or via Akamai’s third-party service providers.
When asked to provide personal data, you may decline — but depending on what that personal data is and the purpose for which it may be collected, your user experience; ability to obtain a product, service, or offer from us; ability to provide a product or service to us; job application submission; or any other engagement with Akamai may be impacted.
Personal data will be processed by Akamai manually or by electronic means.
In general, Akamai collects and processes personal data in connection with the following business operations or activities: Services provisioning, Marketing activities, Recruitment, Procurement activities, visiting our Sites, visiting our facilities, or if you otherwise directly or indirectly engage with Akamai or speak to one of our representatives.
For an overview of categories of personal data collected and processed by Akamai depending on the activities, type of interaction, and data subject please check “More” below.
Table 1 (Category of personal data collected and processed and type of interaction)
No.
Business Operations and Other Activities
Data Subject
Category of Personal Data Collected and Processed
Type of Interaction Between Akamai
and Data Subject
1
Services provisioning
1) Customer/ prospective customer or their representative
2) Partner/ prospective partner or their representative
Contact Information
Account Data (in case of Cloud Computing services)
Telephone Chat Data
Direct
3) Individuals accessing Akamai’s customers’ websites, applications or corporate systems (except for Cloud Computing services)
Service Logs
Indirect
4) Customer/Partner/Individuals accessing Cloud Computing services
Service Logs
Direct
Indirect
2
Marketing activities
1) Customer/ prospective customer or their representative
2) Partner/ prospective partner or their representative
3) Individual interested in our services or products
Contact Information
Direct
Indirect
Device and Usage Data
Telephone Chat Data
Direct
3
Recruitment
Job applicant
Employment, Job History, and Applicant Data
Direct
Indirect
4
Procurement activities
Service provider or its representative
Contact Information
Direct
Indirect
5
Visiting Akamai Sites
Visitor to Akamai Sites/Interested individual
Contact Information
Sites Logs
Device and Usage Data
Login Information and Credentials
Live Chat Data
Direct
6
Visiting Akamai facilities
Visitor to Akamai facilities/Interested individual
Contact Information
Office Visitors Data
Direct
Akamai collects and processes personal data from you through your
direct
interactions with Akamai if you inquire about or obtain a service or product from us (or represent a company that inquires about or obtains a service or product from us) or request a support from us. Categories of data collected and processed by Akamai includes the following:
Contact Information
.
This data includes first and last name, email address, postal address, telephone number, company name, job title, and similar contact data.
Account Data
(in case of Cloud Computing services)
. This data includes Contact Information (defined above) and any other data provided by you during account creation, financial information, and payment information e.g. credit card numbers or payment token.
Telephone Chat Data.
This data includes content of the conversation and Contact Information provided by you during the chat. Please be aware that it is our general practice to record the chat for staff training and quality assurance purposes, and in certain cases to retain evidence of a particular transaction or interaction.
Over this data, we are the “controller” or “business” (i.e., we determine the purpose and means of the data processing).
Additionally Akamai collects and processes certain personal data from you through your direct or
indirect
interactions with Akamai as a result of providing Akamai services to our customers or partners, if you use one of Akamai’s customers’ or partners’ websites, applications or corporate systems or if you use our services via our customers or partners. Akamai acts mainly as a “processor” or “service provider” when processing such data (i.e. on behalf of our customers and subject to their instructions). For details of the data categories and processing activities relating to such data processed in the “processor” or “service provider” role please read our data processing agreement, available in the Akamai
Privacy Trust Center
.
There are also scenarios where Akamai acts as “controller” or  ”business” with respect to data collected from the users of our services or individuals accessing Akamai's customers' websites, applications or corporate systems. Categories of such data include the following:
Service Logs.
During its service operation, Akamai logs accesses made to one of its servers or to its cloud computing environment. Akamai collects network traffic data, including IP addresses and related internet transaction data that Akamai servers log as a result of the service delivery or delivery of information over the Akamai platform, as well as (when our customer has purchased the relevant services) data associated with user activity and interaction with web and internet protocol sessions transiting Akamai’s servers as part of your session with  our customer’s websites, applications and corporate systems. Depending on the service type, Service Logs include such data as e.g., an end user’s IP address, browser and device data, URLs visited, a time stamp, and, where applicable depending on the service used, authentication data, API traffic packet or content of communication, including attachments. Depending on the applicable laws, Service Logs may or may not be classified as personal data.
We process the Service Logs a in a “controller” or “business” role (i.e., we process this data for our own purposes) for traffic and security analytics, billing our customers, service improvement (e.g., improving Akamai’s threat intelligence), plan future capacity and deployment needs, troubleshooting and aggregate reporting (i.e., reports that do not identify you or the customer). For more information about processing of personal data in connection with Akamai Services please see the information available in Akamai’s
Privacy Trust Center
.
Akamai collects and processes your personal data from you through your
direct
interactions with Akamai if you obtain a service or product from us (or represent a company that obtains a service or product from us), if you inquire about a service or product from us or you are otherwise interested in our services, products, or events, or interact with Akamai Sites (e.g., by registering for Akamai newsletters or events, or accessing Akamai online resources) to perform direct marketing and lead generation activities. Categories of data collected and processed by Akamai in case of direct interaction include the following:
Contact Information
.
This data includes first and last name, email address, postal address, telephone number, company name, job title, and similar contact data.
Device and Usage Data
.
Akamai collects information about the device you use to access our Sites and the interactions of you and your device with our Sites. That personal data can include the internet protocol (IP) address associated with your computer or device, the domain name of your internet service provider (ISP), your device type and identifiers, browser type, operating system, the content or pages you view on the Akamai Sites, time spent on Akamai Sites, and similar usage and device information. Information is collected via different technologies used on Akamai Sites such as cookies, web beacons, Adobe Analytics or third-party social media widgets. For more information about these technologies on Akamai Sites and your choices regarding them, see the
Tracking Technologies
section of this statement.
Telephone Chat Data.
This data includes content of the conversation and Contact Information provided by you during the chat. Please be aware that it is our general practice to record the chat for staff training and quality assurance purposes, and in certain cases to retain evidence of a particular transaction or interaction.
Akamai collects and processes personal data from you through your
indirect
interactions with Akamai as a result of service provisioning by third party service providers to Akamai. In some cases, you may provide such personal data via third-party service providers (e.g., professional event coordinators, lead generation service providers) who then forward the data to Akamai, typically pursuant to a contract with us. Such service providers perform business operations on Akamai’s behalf, such as sales, lead generation, and direct marketing. Akamai may also purchase data from contact database provider companies. Akamai may also use third-party databases to enrich its own customer database with missing information like e.g., job title or company name. Categories of data collected and processed by Akamai in case of indirect interaction include the following:
Contact Information
.
This data includes first and last name, email address, postal address, telephone number, company name, job title, and similar contact data.
Over this data, we are the “controller” or “business” (i.e., we determine the purpose and means of the data processing).
In marketing communication we use web beacon technology, as described in
Web Beacons in Marketing Communication
below.
As part of any marketing communications, we offer you the opportunity to choose to unsubscribe. You may at any time choose not to receive marketing communication from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each email you may receive, by indicating so when we call you, or via our marketing opt out forms indicated in section 1.4 above. Please note that if you choose to unsubscribe we will still keep your data on the marketing email opt-out list to make sure that you will not receive marketing communication from Akamai in the future. If you are a customer or partner, or a representative of a customer or of a partner who has an active account for our services, and you choose to unsubscribe, we will still send you non-marketing communications, e.g., your service-related notifications.
In addition to unsubscribe option, as indicated above, you may also at any time request deletion of your data by contacting us via our privacy requests forms
(see section
Your Rights as Data Subject
). Please note that if you choose to delete your data then your data will not be included on the marketing opt-out list. In case of deletion request we will not have records against which we can screen new data therefore you may receive marketing communication from Akamai in the future if we will have again legal basis for sending you marketing communication.
Akamai does not deliver third-party online advertisements on our websites, but we advertise our services on third-party websites. Please familiarize yourself with those website operators’ or network advertisers’ privacy policies to understand their practices relating to advertising, including what type of information they may collect about your internet usage. Some advertising networks we use may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA). Individuals may opt out of targeted advertising delivered by NAI or EDAA member ad networks by visiting the
NAI website
and
Your Online Choices by EDAA
.
These third-party websites may use cookies and web beacons to collect information (such as your IP address) about your activities on Akamai’s and others’ websites to provide you with targeted Akamai advertisements based upon your interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you should update your preferences in the cookie management tool or contact the website owner. Please note that this does not opt you out of being served non-targeted advertising. You will continue to receive generic, non-targeted ads.
Akamai collects and processes personal data from you through
direct
interactions with Akamai if you apply for a job with us.
Akamai collects and processes personal data from you through
indirect
interactions with Akamai as a result of service provisioning by third-party service providers to Akamai. In some cases, you may provide such personal data via third-party service providers (e.g., job application sites, recruiter agencies) who then forward the data to Akamai, typically pursuant to a contract with us. Such service providers perform business operations on Akamai’s behalf, such as recruitment services or other Human Resources tasks.
Categories of data collected and processed by Akamai in case of direct and indirect interactions include the following:
Employment, Job History, and Applicant Data
.
If you interact with Akamai to process employment applications, we collect personal identity and contact information, as well as data relating to your job history, educational history, resume, work eligibility, and related information used to evaluate candidates for employment with Akamai.
Over this data, we are the “controller” or “business” (i.e., we determine the purpose and means of the data processing).
Akamai uses automated tools provided by third parties to process your Employment, Job History, and Applicant Data collected both through direct and indirect interactions. These tools are used to organize your personal data, to support Akamai’s recruitment process (e.g., by offering nonbinding recommendations to Akamai during different stages of the process) and to ensure a fair and objective decision-making process by the Akamai Talent Acquisition team. Akamai does not make any decisions with legal or significant effects about you without meaningful human input.
If you wish to update your Employment, Job History, and Applicant Data processed by Akamai or withdraw your consent for participation in future recruitments, you may contact your recruiter directly or us as outlined in the
How to Contact Us
section of this statement.
Akamai collects and processes personal data from you through
direct
interactions with Akamai if you provide services or products to us (or represent a company that provides services or products to us) or if we inquire about a service or product from you (or from the company that you represent).
Akamai collects and processes your personal data through
indirect
interactions with Akamai if your representatives or agents (or representatives or agents of the company that you represent) offer your services or products to us or if we inquire about a service or product from your representatives or agents (or from representatives or agents of the company that you represent).
Categories of data collected and processed by Akamai in case of direct and indirect interactions include the following:
Contact Information
.
This data includes first and last name, email address, postal address, telephone number, company name, job title, and similar contact data, as well as financial information (payment-related information).
Over this data, we are the “controller” or “business” (i.e., we determine the purpose and means of the data processing).
Akamai collects and processes personal data from you through
direct
interactions with Akamai if you use Akamai’s Sites (for example, when registering for an Akamai event, webcast, or training, or accessing resources such as publications and white papers available online), or use one of our mobile applications, or visit or interact with our Sites and services using technologies like cookies and methods for obtaining usage and device data. Categories of data collected and processed by Akamai include the following:
Contact Information.
This data includes first and last name, email address, postal address, telephone number, company name, job title, and similar contact data provided by you in our webform during registration e.g., for an event, webcast or training.
Sites Logs
. Akamai collects network traffic data, including IP addresses and related internet transaction data that Akamai servers log as a result of the delivery of information over the Akamai platform, as well as data associated with user activity and interaction with web and internet protocol sessions transiting Akamai’s servers as part of your session with Akamai web property. Sites Logs include such data as: end-user IP addresses, URLs of Sites visited with time stamps (with an associated IP address), geographic location based upon IP address and location of Akamai server, telemetry data (e.g., mouse clicks, movement rates, and related browser data). Depending on the applicable laws, logged data may or may not be classified as personal data. Except for Akamai portal logs, we do not process or maintain the information in an identifiable way.
Device and Usage Data
.
Akamai collects information about the device you use to access our Sites and the interactions of you and your device with our Sites. That personal data includes the internet protocol (IP) address associated with your computer or device, the domain name of your internet service provider (ISP), your device type and identifiers, browser type, operating system, the content or pages you view on the Akamai Sites, time spent on Akamai Sites, and similar usage and device information.
Sites Logs and Device and Usage Data are collected via different technologies used on Akamai Sites such as cookies, web beacons, Adobe Analytics or third-party social media widgets. For more information about these technologies and your choices regarding them, see the
Tracking Technologies
section of this statement.
Login Information and Credentials
.
If you use any of our Sites, you may be asked to create an account and provide a login name, password, and similar security information (e.g., a mobile phone number to which we can send a code) for authentication and account access.
Live Chat Data.
We also provide “live chat” sessions to assist you with our Sites and content. Please be aware that it is our general practice to monitor and record the live chat transcripts for staff training and quality assurance purposes, and in certain cases to retain evidence of a particular transaction or interaction. Live Chat Data includes content of the conversation and metadata about the user (e.g. IP address, type of connection (mobile, desktop etc.) and other web server metadata). During “live chat” sessions we may ask you to provide your Contact Information to verify if you are an existing customer, assist you with your inquiry or follow up on our discussion or provide you with our marketing communication.
Over this data, we are the “controller” or “business” (i.e., we determine the purpose and means of the data processing).
To allow you to interact with other websites on which you may have accounts (such as Facebook and other social media service providers) or join communities on such sites, we provide links or embed third-party applications that allow you to log in, post content, or join communities from our Sites. We may also provide you with general links to third-party websites. Your use of these links and applications is subject to the third parties’ privacy policies, and you should become familiar with these third-party sites’ privacy policies before using the links or applications. Akamai is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other third-party websites.
Akamai collects and processes personal data from you through
direct
interactions with Akamai if you visit our offices or an Akamai trade show or exhibit booth or other Akamai event. Categories of data collected and processed by Akamai include the following:
Contact Information
.
This data includes first and last name, email address, postal address, telephone number, company name, job title, and similar contact data.
Office Visitors Data
. We collect CCTV images, first and last name, or other information when you enter our offices. We also collect details about your health if necessary, so that we can help you to access our buildings or reserve a parking spot.
Over this data, we are the “controller” or “business” (i.e., we determine the purpose and means of the data processing).
Akamai processes personal data to perform essential business operations and provide our products and services. In all cases, Akamai ensures that such processing is legal, fair, and reasonable. The various processing activities are justified by varying legal bases under the applicable data protection laws.
The specific purposes the data is used for varies by type of data and may include operating and maintaining our platform, improving performance, development of new features and capabilities, research, and customer support.
For an overview of purposes of personal data processing by Akamai and corresponding legal bases please check “More” below.
Table 2 (Purpose and legal basis for processing)
No.
Business Operations and Other Activities
Data Subject
Category of Personal Data Collected and Processed
Purpose of Processing
Legal Basis
1
Services provisioning
1) Customer/ prospective customer or their representative
2) Partner/ prospective partner or their representative
Contact Information
Communications, managing and supporting our customer relationship
Legitimate interest or Contract
Customer surveys and service improvements
Legitimate interest
Fulfillment of transactions/contractual obligations
Legitimate interest or Contract
Providing support
Legitimate interest
Account Data (in case of Cloud Computing services)
Fulfillment of transactions/contractual obligations
Legitimate interest or Contract
Traffic and Security analytics
Legitimate interest
Telephone Chat Data
Providing support
Legitimate interest
3) Individuals accessing Akamai’s customers’ websites, applications or corporate systems (except for Cloud Computing services)
Service Logs
Fulfillment of transactions/contractual obligations
Legitimate interest
Product development and improvement
Legitimate interest
Traffic and Security analytics
Legitimate interest
Providing support
Legitimate interest
4) Customer/Partner/
Individuals
accessing Compute  services
Service Logs
Fulfillment of transactions/contractual obligations
Legitimate interest
Product development and improvement
Legitimate interest
Traffic and Security analytics
Legitimate interest
Providing support
Legitimate interest
2
Marketing activities
1) Customer/ prospective customer or their representative
2) Partner/ prospective partner or their representative
3) Individual interested in our services or products
Contact Information
Device and Usage Data
Telephone Chat Data
Marketing communications and promotional events
Legitimate interest or Consent
3
Recruitment
Job applicant
Employment, Job History and Applicant Data
Recruitment
Contract, Legitimate interest, Legal obligation, or Consent
4
Procurement activities
Service provider or its representative
Contact Information
Communications, managing and supporting our vendor relationships
Legitimate interest or Contract
5
Visiting Akamai Sites
Visitor to Akamai Sites/ Interested individual
Contact Information
Fulfillment of transactions/contractual obligations
Legitimate interest or Contract
Sites Logs
Device and Usage Data
Providing functionality of our Sites
Contract
Personalization of your experience on our Sites
Legitimate interest or Consent
Product development and improvement
Legitimate interest
Marketing communications and promotional events
Legitimate interest or Consent
Providing support
Legitimate interest
Traffic and Security analytics
Legitimate interest
Login Information and Credentials
Providing functionality of our Sites
Contract
Providing mobile applications and social computing environments
Contract or Consent
Providing support
Legitimate interest
Live Chat Data
Providing support
Legitimate interest
Marketing communications and promotional events
Consent
6
Visiting Akamai facilities
Visitor to Akamai facilities/ Interested individual
Contact Information
Managing our relationship
Legitimate interest
Marketing communications and promotional events
Legitimate interest or Consent
Office Visitors Data
Office access and physical security
Legitimate interest or Consent
The specific purposes mentioned above may include the following:
Communications, managing and supporting our customer relationships:
We use Contact Information collected about customers, prospective customers, partners, and prospective partners, and about individuals representing them, to manage and support our customer relationships. This includes providing support for our services, providing access to customer service portals and communities, providing service training, communicating with customers, selling new services and features, troubleshooting issues, and other customer relationship–related matters. Akamai has legitimate interest to manage the business relationship with you or the party that you represent,
to respond to any request or inquiries you submit to us, or to submit communication or inquiries to you. If you are acting on your own behalf, Akamai is processing your Contact Information in order to take steps necessary, at your request, to enter into a contract and to perform that contract.
Communications, managing and supporting our vendor relationships:
We use Contact Information about our service providers or individuals representing our third-party service providers to manage and support our vendor relationships. This includes, among others, communication with vendors and third-party service providers, purchasing and negotiating new offerings, requesting support and maintenance services, completing necessary transactions, and fulfillment of contractual obligations. Akamai has legitimate interest to manage the business relationship with you or the party that you represent, to submit inquiries to you or to respond to any request or inquiries you submit to us. If you are acting on your own behalf, Akamai is processing your Contact Information in order to take steps necessary, at your request, to enter into a contract and to perform that contract.
Customer surveys and service improvements:
As part of our customer relationship, we may contact you as our customer or as a representative of a customer or a partner, if applicable (except if you chose not to be contacted by us) via Contact Information you provided, to ask whether you would like to participate in our satisfaction surveys or in market research surveys. We use these surveys to improve our service offering and business operations to better serve you and our customers and partners. Akamai has legitimate interest to maintain viable and efficient business operations through management and improvement of our services, increase customer satisfaction, provide better user experience, and identify ways to grow our business.
Fulfillment of transactions/contractual obligations:
We use Contact Information to respond to requests from current and prospective customers and partners or their representatives, and as needed and appropriate to complete business transactions, comply with contractual requirements,  provide Akamai services and products or access to an Akamai event, webcast, training or other materials. We use Account Data for account creation and account management, to process your service requests, handle orders and process payments. If you are a representative of a customer or prospective customer, or a representative of a partner or prospective partner, Akamai has legitimate interest to process your Contact Information and Account Data to manage the business relationship with you or the party that you represent. If you are acting on your own behalf, Akamai is processing your Contact Information and Account Data in order to take steps necessary, at your request, to enter into a contract and to perform that contract. We use Service Logs in order to comply with contractual requirements between Akamai and its customers.
Service Logs are processed for purposes of billing our customers based on Akamai’s legitimate interest in providing and maintaining its products and services and calculation of fees.
Managing our relationship:
We use Contact Information collected about visitors at our facilities (like Akamai offices, or trade show or exhibit booths) or about other interested individuals to manage our relationships. For example, we need your Contact Information to confirm your appointment at our offices or to handle your inquiries. Akamai has legitimate interest to manage the relationship with you and to respond to any request or inquiries you submit to us.
Marketing communications and promotional events:
We use Contact Information, Sites Logs, Telephone Chat, Live Chat Data and Device and Usage Data we collect to communicate with you, whether you are a customer, prospective customer, or their representative, partner, prospective partner or their representative, visitor to Akamai Sites, or other individual interested in Akamai services and products. We use the personal data collected from your interaction with Akamai or with the Sites for website performance and marketing analytics, to deliver marketing communications, special offers, information about events, or advertisements that may be of interest to you or to parties that you represent, either directly or via third-party service providers. Akamai has legitimate interest to process such data in order for us to operate effectively and to manage and respond to any request or inquiries you submit to us, allow interaction to provide information regarding Akamai products and services or events, and to promote our products, services, and events to identify ways to grow our business. Where legitimate interest may not serve as legal basis, Akamai is processing your data based on your consent, e.g., consent provided via subscription form on our Sites or via acceptance of cookies on our Sites, or consent provided to third parties who have shared your data for marketing purposes with us.  Some of our offerings may be co-branded, as they are sponsored by both Akamai and third parties.  We share data with these third parties for promotional purposes (see section
Recipients of Personal Data
). Notwithstanding the above, Akamai and third parties are processing this data as separate controllers for their own purposes. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with such third parties’ privacy policies to gain an understanding of the manner in which they will handle personal data about you.
Office access and physical security:
We collect Office Visitors Data when you enter our facilities in order to enable you to access our offices and ensure physical security. Akamai has legitimate interest to protect the company’s facilities, its employees and visitors. In case of collection of sensitive data, such as health data to help you with access to our buildings, Akamai will seek your explicit consent.
Personalization of your experience on our Sites:
We use Sites Logs and Device and Usage Data to provide you with a personalized experience on our Sites, such as providing you with content in which you may be interested and making navigation on our Sites easier. The data also is used to generate statistics about the usage and effectiveness of our Sites and our service offerings, personalize your experience, and tailor our interactions with you. Akamai has legitimate interest to personalize our interactions to provide best experiences with our Sites and services as well as provide the content of the Sites that may be of interest to you. Where legitimate interest may not serve as legal basis, Akamai will seek your consent, e.g., use of cookies that are not strictly necessary.
Product development and improvement:
We use Service Logs, Sites Logs and Device and Usage Data in the development of new products and services, to improve and implement new features and capabilities in existing products or to develop and improve our Sites. For example, Service Logs and other traffic data is used to derive and compile information relating to the type, nature, content, identity, behavior, signature, source, frequency, reputation, and other characteristics of malicious internet traffic and activity and to create aggregate reporting (i.e. reports that do not identify you or the customer). Akamai has legitimate interest in developing and improving our products, services, platform, and Sites (e.g., routing optimization, service troubleshooting, identification and mitigation of security threats on the internet) to increase customers’ satisfaction and grow our business.
Providing functionality of our Site:
We use Login Information and Credentials, Sites Logs, and Device and Usage Data to provide you with services, features, or functionality of a website, community, or portal, as requested by you.
Akamai is processing your data in order to take steps necessary, at your request, to enter into a contract and to perform that contract.
Providing mobile applications and social computing environments:
Akamai uses Login Information and Credentials in connection with offering mobile applications and social computing environments. Akamai makes available mobile applications for download from various mobile application marketplaces. Akamai also provides social computing tools on some of its Sites to enable online sharing and collaboration among members who have registered to use them. These include forums, wikis, blogs, and other social media platforms. When downloading and using these applications or registering to use these social computing tools, you are asked to provide certain personal data. Akamai is processing your data in order to take steps necessary, at your request, to enter into a contract and to perform that contract or based on consent. Registration information will be subject to and protected in accordance with this statement, except for the personal data that is automatically made available to other participants in such a social computing environment as part of your profile or settings. The processing of your personal data by these applications and tools may be subject to their respective privacy statements with specific information about personal data collection and handling practices. We recommend that you read those statements to understand how the tools and applications are processing your personal data. Any content you post, such as pictures, information, opinions, or any other type of personal data that you make available to other participants in such a social computing environment, is not subject to this Privacy Statement. Rather, such content is subject to the terms of use of the respective social computing environment, and any additional guidelines and privacy information provided in relation to its use, as well as the process by which you can remove your content from such tools or get help to do so. Please refer to the respective social computing environment to better understand yours, Akamai’s, and other parties’ rights and obligations with regard to such content. You should be aware that the content you post on any such social computing environments may be made broadly available to others inside and outside Akamai due to your profile and settings.
Providing support:
We use Contact Information and Telephone Chat Data to provide customers and partners with technical support as requested. We also use Service Logs, Sites Logs, Device and Usage Data, and Login Information and Credentials collected to troubleshoot and identify errors in our Sites as well as with our platform and services. Akamai has legitimate interest in maintaining viable and efficient business operations, services, products, platforms, and Sites. We use Live Chat Data to assist you with our Sites. In some cases we may use the telephone chat recording or live chat transcript for staff training and quality assurance purposes and in certain cases to retain evidence of a particular transaction or interaction. Akamai has legitimate interest in maintaining viable and efficient business communication.
Recruitment:
In connection with a job application or inquiry, whether advertised on Akamai Sites or on a third-party platform, you provide us (either directly or through a service provider like a recruiting agency or recruitment platform) with Employment, Job History, and Applicant Data about yourself. We may use this data within Akamai in order to address your inquiry, consider you for employment purposes, or collect your feedback. Depending on local regulations, our legal basis for processing of your personal data within our recruitment process is: taking steps necessary, at your request, to enter into an employment contract; our legitimate interest in managing the recruitment process effectively and attracting the best talent for our organization; or legal obligation to process certain information as part of recruitment process or your consent. When you are providing more personal data than required for recruitment purposes in accordance with applicable laws, then please note that you are providing such data voluntarily, and Akamai’s processing of such data is based on your consent, which is given through the voluntary submission of your data. If your application is unsuccessful, Akamai may process your data for future recruitment processes based on your consent, or where applicable, our legitimate interest. When you show your general interest in working for Akamai or apply for future recruitment processes, then Akamai is processing your personal data based on your consent.
Traffic and Security analytics:
We use Service Logs, Sites Logs, Device and Usage Data and Account Data to detect and prevent potential fraud and security risks to our platform and to our visitors, and to customers and their end users, for the purpose of related traffic and security analytics,  as well as for managing access to our portal accounts for security purposes. For example, we might deny a particular IP address or set of IP addresses used to launch cyberattacks. Akamai has legitimate interest to protect the company’s networks, systems, and data as well as customers’ websites, applications, and end user’s data.
For detailed information related to purposes and legal basis to the extent we process the personal data as a “processor” or “service provider” (i.e., on behalf of our customer who is the owner of the respective website or application that you access or use), please contact Akamai’s customers or partners directly.
Additionally, we may use personal data listed in this statement to comply with our legal obligations, where applicable, or to resolve disputes and to protect or enforce our rights or claims. In case of any disputes, Akamai has legitimate interest in exercising or defending legal claims.
In all cases of data processing on the basis of our legitimate interests, Akamai considers the impact on the rights and freedoms of the individuals whose data may be part of the processing, and ensures that its processing activities do not contradict or place at unreasonable risk any such rights or freedoms.
Akamai may share personal data about you as may be necessary to complete the purpose of data processing as defined above or to fulfill legal obligation as applicable. Personal data processed by Akamai will be shared, transferred, accessed, disclosed, and preserved by other authorized entities to the extent required:
Entities within Akamai group
— Akamai is a global organization with business processes, management structures, and technical systems that cover all Akamai affiliates. As such, we share the personal data within the Akamai group to support necessary business operations, e.g., providing global services, operating global programs and initiatives, operating marketing activities, recruitment and people management, maintaining viable and efficient business operations, or supporting necessary business functions (e.g., Human Resources, Finance, customer support services).
Third-party vendors, business partners, or agents
- Your personal data may be shared with third-party vendors providing services to Akamai, business partners, or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example:
Co-Branded Promotions
— We share some Contact Information and Device and Usage Data with our business partners in order to be able to offer you co-branded products and services that may be of interest to you
Cloud Security Services
— We share Service Logs in connection with detecting and preventing potential fraud and security risks to our platform and to our visitors and customers
Protection of the Rights and Property of Akamai and Others
— We use and share the personal data you provide to protect the rights or property of Akamai, our business partners, third-party service providers, customers, or others when we have reasonable grounds to believe that such rights or property have been or could be affected
Corporate Transactions
— Circumstances may arise where, whether for strategic or other business reasons, Akamai decides to sell, buy, merge, or otherwise reorganize businesses in one or more countries. In such cases, we may share the personal data collected within Akamai, with Akamai third-party service providers, or other third parties as reasonable to proceed with the negotiation or completion of a merger, acquisition, sale, or other corporate transaction
Consultancy services —
We also may share personal data with our advisors, auditors, and other third parties providing to Akamai consultancy services (e.g., tax, legal, regulatory auditing, fraud protection and credit risk reduction)
Sub-contracting services —
We use sub-processors, e.g., for the purpose of services provisioning; a
sub-processor list
for our services is available in the Privacy Trust Center
Third-party services
— We may share personal data with third-party service providers, or other third parties as reasonable to operate and achieve the purpose of data processing as described in this statement e.g., processing payments for Compute services via third-party service providers
Data processing policies and data transfer agreements govern the sharing of your data with the recipients.
Recipients within Akamai groups as well as third-party vendors, business partners, or agents must e.g., abide by our data privacy, confidentiality, and security requirements, and are prohibited from using the data for any other purposes. In all cases, Akamai will seek reasonably appropriate protections for your personal data when sharing it with third parties, and we share it only if the recipient agrees to comply with this Privacy Statement or has in place substantially similar privacy policies regarding the treatment of personal data, and only after execution of a data protection agreement or a nondisclosure agreement.
National authorities
— we use and share personal data as required to comply with applicable law or regulation, respond to proper law enforcement requests or other valid legal processes, or to comply with applicable government reporting obligations (e.g., tax authorities, social security office, consumer reporting agencies).
Akamai is a global organization with business processes, management structures, and technical systems that operate globally. As such, we share the personal data within the Akamai group and with our business partners, third-party service providers and other third parties, consistent with this policy and as permitted by applicable law (see section
Recipients of Personal Data
), and therefore may transfer your personal data to other countries where we do business (see section
Akamai’s Affiliates
).
For any international transfer, Akamai shall ensure that such recipients maintain appropriate safeguards and shall have in place required data protection terms to ensure protection of personal data to the same degree as required by Akamai and applicable data protection laws. For any geography-specific transfer mechanism (e.g., transfer outside of European Economic Area, Argentina, Brazil, UK) we have the required data transfer agreement in place. Specific for data transfers to the USA, Akamai is in addition participating in the Data Privacy Framework.  Please refer to the
Data Transfer by Akamai
section in the Akamai Privacy Trust Center for details.
Akamai maintains administrative, technical, organizational, and physical measures designed — taking into account the nature of the data and the processing, the state of the art, the costs of implementation, and the potential for impact to the rights and freedoms of individuals whose data is being processed — to protect personal data in accordance with this statement and applicable laws against loss, and unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Such measures include, by way of example, encryption in transit, two-factor authentication, and strict access controls. We also require that our third-party service providers protect personal data against unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
A detailed overview of the technical and organizational measures Akamai has in place to secure the personal data it processes when providing its services can be checked in the
Akamai Privacy Trust Center
. Overview of certifications and attestations maintained by Akamai can be checked under
Akamai Compliance Portal
.
The retention of personal data collected depends on the purpose for which it has been collected and the systems used to process the data.
For an overview of Akamai’s processing activities and corresponding retention periods please check “More” below.
Table 3 (Retention period)
No.
Business Operations and Other Activities
Data Subject
Category of Personal Data Collected and Processed
Retention Period
1
Services provisioning
1) Customer/ prospective customer or their representative
2) Partner/ prospective partner or their representative
Contact Information
Data will be retained as long as required for the customer relationship.
Account Data (in case of Cloud Computing services)
Data will be retained as long as required for the business operation, security and compliance purposes.
Telephone Chat Data
Data will be retained until the purpose of processing is met.
3) Individuals accessing Akamai’s customer’s websites, applications or corporate systems (except for Cloud Computing services)
Service Logs
For security analytics data will be retained for up to 90 days in most of the cases. Where specific security events require updates of the existing algorithm, such data is retained for up to 180 days. For traffic analytics and for forensic data will be retained for up to 3 years.
4) Customer/Partner/Individuals accessing Cloud Computing services
Service Logs
Data will be retained as long as necessary for security purposes.
2
Marketing activities
1) Customer/ prospective customer or their representative
2) Partner/ prospective partner or their representative
3) Individual interested in our services or products
Contact Information
Telephone Chat Data
Data will be retained until the purpose of processing is met.
Device and Usage Data
Data will be retained for 90 days.
In case of linode.com data will be retained as long as necessary for security purposes.
3
Recruitment
Job applicant
Employment, Job History and Applicant Data
Data will be retained for 2 years.
4
Procurement activities
Service provider or its representative
Contact Information
Data will be retained as long as required for the business relationship.
5
Visiting Akamai Sites
Visitor to Akamai Sites/ Interested individual
Contact Information
Data will be retained as long as required for the business relationship.
Sites Logs
Device and Usage Data
Data will be retained for 90 days. Akamai Control Center portal logs will be retained for 1 year in accordance with SOX and PCI requirements.
In case of linode.com data will be retained as long as necessary for security purposes.
Login Information and Credentials
Data will be retained for as long as your account is active or to comply with statutory obligations..
Live Chat Data
Data will be retained for 2 years.
6
Visiting Akamai facilities
Visitor to Akamai facilities/ Interested individual
Contact Information
Office Visitors Data
Data will be retained for 12 months. CCTV data is stored for 30 days.
Please note that, where applicable, we will retain and use your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, exercise or defend legal claims, or enforce our agreements.
Depending on your jurisdiction or on where you live, you may have the right to request access to and correction or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing concerning the data subject and to object to processing as well as the right to data portability or other rights as provided by applicable law. You also have the right to withdraw any consent that you may have given for the processing of personal data. You may have additional rights pursuant to your local law applicable to the processing. More information about your rights as a data subject can be found in the section
Country-Specific Information
.
You may make data subject requests by contacting us via our privacy requests forms indicated in section 1.4 above
. Please note that before Akamai is able to provide you with any access to information, correct any inaccuracies, or delete your personal data, we will ask you to verify your identity and may seek other details from you to help us to respond to your request.
If we process your data indirectly as a result of providing our services to our customers or partners (see section
Services Provisioning
) and you as end user accessing Akamai’s customers’ or partners’ websites or applications wish to exercise your data subject access rights, please contact directly the owner of the website or application who is the “controller” or “business” over your data, as we act only upon their instructions and cannot independently answer your request.
Note on Service Logs and Sites Logs: As noted above, we do not, and are not required to, collect additional information in order to positively identify any individual in most of the cases. Therefore, absent detailed and verifiable proof that a given IP address from any person requesting access to Service Logs or Sites Logs that may relate to them was actually assigned to the requestor during the time period of the request, we likely will not be able to provide any data in response to the request. If such verifiable and detailed information is available, Akamai will work with the requestor to determine if the request can reasonably be met.
For information about your rights as a data subject in the EU according to EU law please check “More” below.
According to the GDPR, you have the right to:
1) access your personal data
2) rectify your personal data
3) erase your personal data
4) restrict processing of your personal data
5) object to processing of your personal data
6) transfer your personal data
7) withdraw your consent at any time where the legal basis of Akamai’s processing is based on your consent
8) lodge a complaint to the data protection authority or Akamai’s supervisory authority (find a list of EU data protection authorities
here
). The BayLDA, Akamai’s supervisory authority offers a website to report concerns
here
.
For information about processing of personal data of individuals as required by California law please check “More” below.
The personal data we collect about you includes information within the categories defined in the table below. The categories listed are defined by California law and are designed to represent the personal data that we may have collected about individuals, and how it may have been shared over the past 12 months, if at all. We do not necessarily collect all information listed in a particular category, nor do we collect all categories of information for all individuals. We do not sell, and do not intend to sell, personal information about individuals, as defined under California state law.
Table 4 (Information for California Residents)
Category
Sources
Purpose of Collecting Information
Disclosed for a Business Purpose?
Who Shared With?
Personal Identifiers.
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier internet protocol (IP) address (if used to identify you as individual), email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
directly from you
our customers
our service providers
A subset of this data is processed in connection with a number of our operational functions, including to provide products and services to our customers, provide customer support,and to fulfill transactions and contractual obligations. It is also processed to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and for data analytics.
This information may also be used for marketing purposes, including offering you products that may interest you.
For job applicants, a subset of this information is used to process your application.
Yes
affiliates
service providers
customers
Information About You.
Information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, your name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
directly from you
our customers
our service providers
A subset of this data is processed in connection with a number of our operational functions, including to provide products and services to our customers, provide customer support, fulfill transactions and contractual obligations. It is also processed to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and for data analytics.
This information may also be used for marketing purposes, including offering you products that may interest you.
For job applicants, a subset of this information is used to process your application, including to the extent we arrange travel for you to interview, or if we need to confirm right-to-work status.
Yes
affiliates
service providers
customers
Demographic Information.
Characteristics of classes protected under federal or state law, including: familial status, disability, sex, national origin, religion, color, race, sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression, marital status, veteran status, medical condition, ancestry, source of income, age, or genetic information.
directly from you
our service providers
public records
A subset of this data is processed in connection with our operational functions as permitted by law, including for example providing customer support and fulfilling legal and contractual obligations. It is also processed to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and for data analytics.
This information may also be used for marketing purposes, including offering you products that may interest you.
We may also process a subset of this information as part of an employment application, including to make any accommodations for interviewing and to make you aware of any benefits you may receive.
Yes
affiliates
service providers
Commercial Information
, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
directly from you
our customers
A subset of this data is processed in connection with a number of our operational functions, including to provide products and services to our customers, provide customer support, fulfill transactions and contractual obligations.
This information may also be used for marketing purposes, including offering you products that may interest you.
Yes
affiliates
service providers
Usage Information.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
directly from you
our customers
our service providers
through the use of cookies and similar technologies
This data is processed in connection with a number of our operational functions, including to provide products and services to our customers, provide customer support, fulfill transactions and contractual obligations. It is also processed to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and for data analytics.
This information may also be used for marketing purposes, including offering you products that may interest you.
Yes
affiliates
service providers
Geolocation Data.
directly from you
our customers
our service providers
through the use of cookies and similar technologies
This data is processed in connection with a number of our operational functions, including to provide products and services to our customers, provide customer support, fulfill transactions and contractual obligations. It is also processed to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and for data analytics.
It is also processed for marketing purposes, including offering you products that may interest you through both direct and partner advertising.
Yes
affiliates
service providers
customers
Sensory Information.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
directly from you
our service providers
This data is processed in connection with a number of our operational functions, including providing customer support (i.e., when you call into our call center, we may record the call, or, if you come into our offices to interview, you may be recorded by CCTV).
Yes
affiliates
service providers
Professional or employment-related information
, such as your job title, job history, or income.
directly from you
our customers
our service providers
what you may post on social media and job sites
A subset of this data is processed in connection with a number of our operational functions, including to provide products and services to our customers, and for human resources purposes.
It may also be used for marketing purposes, including offering you products that may interest you.
Yes
affiliates
service providers
Inferences
drawn from any of the above categories of information to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
our service providers
A subset of this data is processed in connection with a number of our operational functions, including to provide products and services to our customers, to detect security incidents, and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity.
It is also processed for marketing purposes, such as offering you products that may interest you.
Yes
affiliates
service providers
Privacy Rights under California law
According to the California law, to the extent we have collected information about you on our behalf, you may have the rights regarding your personal information described below, subject to certain conditions and limitations:
1) Right to Know – You are entitled to request that we disclose to you personal information we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected the information, the purposes of collecting the information, the categories of third parties with whom we have shared the information, and the categories of personal information that we have shared with third parties for a business purpose. In some instances, you have the right to receive the information about you in a portable and readily usable format. Before providing any of this information, we must be able to verify your identity.
2) Right to Opt Out – We currently do not sell personal information to third parties, nor do we intend to do so, and therefore we do not offer this option. However, we may share personal information about you with our service providers and partners as permitted by law.
3) Right to Deletion – Subject to certain conditions, you are entitled to request that we delete personal information about you. Before deleting information, we must be able to verify your identity. We will not delete personal information about you when the information is required to fulfill a legal obligation, is necessary to exercise or defend legal claims, or where we are required or permitted to retain the information by law. For example, we cannot delete information about you while continuing to provide you with certain products and services or where we are legally required to retain certain information.
If you chose to exercise any of these rights, to the extent that they apply, state law prohibits us from discriminating against you on the basis of choosing to exercise your privacy rights.
Submitting a Personal Information Request Under CCPA
You may exercise your privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) by submitting a personal data request via our privacy requests forms indicated in section 1.4 above
or by calling this toll-free number, +1 877-425-2624, and selecting the “Other” option to speak to a member of our team.
Before providing information you request in accordance with these rights, we must be able to verify your identity. In order to verify your identity, we may request that you submit information about yourself, including, to the extent applicable, providing your account login credentials or other account information, answers to security questions, your name, government identification number, date of birth, contact information, or other personal identifying information. We will match any information against information we have previously collected about you to verify your identity and your request. To the extent you maintain an account with us, we may require you to log in to that account as part of submitting your request. If we are unable to verify your identity as part of your request, we will not be able to satisfy your request. We are not obligated to collect additional information in order to enable you to verify your identity. Information collected for purposes of verifying your request will only be used for verification. If you would like to appoint an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, and that agent is not already authorized to access your account in your profile, please submit a notarized special power of attorney, or a signed letter from an attorney representing you, identifying the agent and authorizing them to submit requests and receive information on your behalf. We may require you to verify your identity with us directly before we provide any requested information to your approved agent.
For information about your rights as a data subject in Brazil according to Brazilian law please check “More” below.
According to the LGPD, you have the right to:
1) confirmation of the existence of the processing
2) access the data
3) correction of incomplete, inaccurate, or out-of-date data
4) anonymization, blocking, or elimination of data that is unnecessary, excessive, or processed in noncompliance with the provisions in the LGPD
5) data portability
6) deletion of personal data that is processed with the data subject’s consent on withdrawal of that consent
7) information about public and private entities with which the controller has shared data
8) information about the possibility of denying consent and the consequences of such denial
9) revocation of consent
10) oppose the processing
11) request the review of decisions made solely based on automated processing
12) lodge a complaint with a national authority
We do not knowingly collect personal data directly from children and minors (“children and minors” as defined under applicable law). Our services are not intended for children and minors and children and minors should not submit or post personal data through our services. We may collect personal data regarding children and minors from their parents or legal guardians, but only as necessary to provide our products and services to our customers and partners, however Akamai customers and partners remain responsible for personal data collection via their websites and applications and its compliance with applicable laws.
General Information
A cookie or similar tracking technology is injected into your browser to collect certain data related to the device used to access a website or application.
You can generally express your privacy preferences regarding the use of most cookies and similar technologies on our Site through the cookie management tool available on our Sites or your web browser settings. If you block, turn off, or otherwise reject cookies, some websites or applications may not display properly, or you will not be able to proceed using the website or application, to checkout, for instance.
Some Sites, service offerings, and services also use web beacons or other technologies to provide better customer service. These technologies may be in use on a number of pages across the Sites. When you as a visitor access these Sites, an unidentifiable notice of that visit is generated, which is processed by the site owner or by third-party service providers. These web beacons usually work in conjunction with cookies. If you don’t want your cookie information to be associated with your visits to these Sites or use of these services, you can control the web beacons via the cookie management tool available on our Sites
or your browser settings. If you turn off cookies, web beacons and other technologies will still detect visits to these sites; however, they will not be associated with information otherwise stored in cookies.
Cookies on Akamai Sites (except for
linode.com
)
We collect information from your visits to our Sites in order to help us gather statistics about usage and effectiveness of our Sites, personalize your experience with our Sites, tailor our interactions with you, and provide, develop, and improve our services. We do so through the processing of transaction logs, as well as the use of various cookie technologies. We use session cookies, for example, for media performance analytics. We use persistent cookies, for example, to record your choice of language and country location. You can check the list of all cookie technologies used by Akamai Sites via the cookie management tool available on the Sites.
While Akamai’s Sites at this time do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, such as “do not track” instructions, you can express your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies (except for strictly necessary cookies) through the cookie management tool available on our Sites or your web browser settings. Please note that if you do this your user experience of our Sites may be reduced.
Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Sites or to display Akamai advertising on others’ websites based upon your web browsing activity also use Flash cookies or HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5. To manage Flash cookies, please visit this
page
.
Some of our business partners set web beacons and cookies on Akamai’s Sites and mobile applications. You can also manage these third-party cookies through the cookie management tool available on our Sites or your web browser settings.
Cookies on
linode.com
Linode.com uses cookies and similar technologies to tailor content or advertisements to match your preferred interest; avoid showing visitors the same advertisements repeatedly; compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow to understand how users use the site and to help improve the structure of the site. For details about cookies used at linode.com please refer to the cookie policy available at
https://www.linode.com/legal-cookies/
.
Cookies in Akamai Services
For certain Akamai Services we use cookie technology. We collect information from your interactions with our services or our customers’ service offerings, sites and applications, in order to help us to provide, develop and improve our services. Many Akamai services that you interact with via our customer services use session and persistent cookies in order to provide the service functionality. Examples of the purposes for use of various cookies include determining whether a given interaction is with a human or a “bot,” identifying attempts to bypass security settings, identifying devices that already have been authenticated, web performance analytics, media analytics, and similar necessary service functions. Such cookies are developed based on privacy by design principle, and do not identify individuals nor track them. For example, the domain
go-mpulse.net
or akstat.io used for web performance analytics does not collect, retain, or share any data regarding a particular user or device (including IP addresses and user identifiers) on sites or applications not owned by Akamai, nor does it identify nor track a particular user or device.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser or the cookie management tool offered by our customers, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to benefit fully from the capabilities of services or applications used by our customers.
Cookies used to provide Akamai security services are classified as strictly necessary cookies for the performance of the services you are requesting. To not undermine the purpose of the services, to protect the personal data submitted by you when using our customers’ web services and products, and to make the internet a safer place, we do not have to offer an opt-out mechanism for the security cookies. If we do, malicious actors would opt out and thereby prevent the detection of their malicious activities.
We offer cookie management options depending on our customers’ classification. Details are available in
Akamai Control Center
or via the responsible Akamai Sales Account representative.
Web Beacons in Marketing Communication
We include web beacons in marketing email messages or our newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and links contained within have been clicked on and count the number of times that the advertisements and web-based email content are viewed.
We use Adobe Analytics, a web analysis service of Adobe Inc, (345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110, USA; “Adobe”), for our Sites.
Adobe Analytics uses cookies which generate information about your use of our Sites. List of Adobe Analytic cookies used on our Sites can be checked in the cookie management tool available on our Sites
. Adobe Analytics will collect the following data: IP address, usage information, location data. Akamai has enabled IP Obfuscation option which turns IP addresses into non-recognizable strings and original IP addresses are permanently lost.
Data gathered in connection with the use of Adobe Analytics will be used by Akamai to perform analytics on our Sites to better understand how you use our Sites and optimize and adapt it to the needs of website visitors. Data will be collected via servers hosted in Amazon Web Services Inc.’s locations that are closest to the website visitor’s location and will be transferred and stored on Adobe servers in the USA.
For more information on how Adobe collects and uses information in connection with its services please see
Adobe Privacy Policy
in
Adobe Privacy Center
. You may opt-out of data collection and use by Adobe Analytics in connection with your use of the Sites via the cookie management tool available on our Sites or your browser settings.
In addition, third-party social media widgets (e.g., Facebook’s “Share” or “Like” button), the playing of videos embedded on our Sites and operated by third-party video-sharing providers (e.g., YouTube), and surveys linked to from our Sites and operated by third-party providers (e.g., SurveyMonkey), may log certain information such as your IP address, browser type and language, access time, and referring web site addresses, and, if you are logged in to those social media sites, they may also link such collected information with profile information they may have about you. We do not control these third-party tracking technologies. Please make yourself familiar with the usage of these third-party web beacons and cookies, and read their privacy statements to understand their data collection practices and the choices offered to you (e.g., for
YouTube
).
Depending upon your privacy settings with the social media service providers, we may be able to collect information from your profile set up for their social media services when you interact with the widgets.
We may include applications (or “widgets”) from third-party social media offerings that allow you to follow or interact with us on social media platforms. These widgets, such as a Facebook “Share” or “Like” button, are visible to you on the Sites you visit. When you use these widgets or when you are logged in to those platforms, the respective social media providers may be able to collect information about your use of the Sites. Please view the applicable social media network’s privacy policy to better understand their data collection practices and choices they make available to you. The privacy policy of the social media network controls the collection, use, and disclosure of all personal information transmitted to that network.
Please note that applicable laws and business operations change, so we reserve the right to update this Privacy Statement at any time. If we are going to use your personal data in a manner different from that what is stated in this Privacy Statement at the time of collection, we will notify you, and you will have a choice as to whether or not we can use your personal data in such a way. We recommend that you check this Privacy Statement regularly to familiarize yourself with Akamai’s practices and to be aware of any material changes.
To see the change history to this Privacy Statement please check “More” below.
Date of change
Change description
May 15, 2018
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to meet the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation EU 2016/679 (“GDPR”).
Added descriptions of privacy practices associated with data processed as part of Akamai service offerings.
January 1, 2020
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to meet the requirements of the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
Added descriptions of privacy practices associated with data collected as part of Akamai service offerings.
July 1, 2020
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to meet cookie law requirements.
Added clarification that cookies used by Akamai services do not track individuals.
December 23, 2020
The Akamai Privacy Statement was restructured to ensure more transparency for data subjects and updated to include recent changes to data protection requirements, e.g., international data transfer.
January 11, 2021
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to include changes resulting from Brexit.
Main EU establishment and Supervisory Authority were changed to Germany.
April 6, 2021
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to include changes resulting from current processing practices, especially updates to legal bases for processing activities and retention periods.
August 25, 2021
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to include changes resulting from current processing practices, especially addition of new Adobe Analytics tool on Akamai website, distinction between opt out and deletion request, and to provide a comprehensive document describing Akamai’s processing activities as a controller.
April 30, 2022
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to include changes resulting from removal of Google Analytics from Akamai website.
December 15, 2022
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to cover the entities, including their data processing practices, acquired by Akamai Technologies Inc.
July 21, 2023
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to cover the participation of Akamai Technologies, Inc. in the Data Privacy Framework.
October 3, 2023
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to include changes resulting from removal of Google Analytics at linode.com.
November 12, 2024
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to stress that Akamai does not sell personal data under applicable privacy law.
December 10, 2024
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to to include changes resulting from current processing practices, especially adjusting of terminology across Akamai privacy documentation and retention periods.
Your cookie choices for this website
We use cookies to ensure the fast reliable and secure operation of this website, to improve your website experience, to enable certain social media interactions and to manage your cookie choices. Some cookies process personal data. By agreeing to the placement of the cookies you also agree to the related personal data processing activities, where applicable. Click “Manage Preferences” to make individual choices and get details on the cookies in use and the processing activities in the Cookie Details section, click “Accept Cookies” to agree to the storing of all cookies except for strictly necessary cookies and the data processing activities or click “Reject Cookies” to reject all cookies except for strictly necessary cookies. You can withdraw your consent at any time by clicking on the Cookie Icon that appears at the lower left corner when scrolling the website. For additional information relating to your privacy take a look at our
Privacy Statement.
Accept Cookies
Manage Preferences
Reject Cookies