PRIVACY POLICY
THIS PRIVACY POLICY EXPLAINS WHAT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU IS COLLECTED, HOW THIS IS DONE, WHAT IS IT USED FOR, AND TO WHOM Pixel Force Private Ltd APPS (“Pixel Force Private Ltd”) DISCLOSES THIS INFORMATION AND UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions.
Personal Information:
Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person.
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our website or our products, excepting the personal information that you submit to us when you create a user account, send an error report or participate in online surveys and other activities.
Only for the following purposes that we may use personal information submitted by you: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you’ve participated in.
In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
(1) Your prior permission;
(2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;
(3) By requests from public and governmental authorities;
(4) To protect our legal rights and interests.
Non-Personal Information:
Non-personal information is data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual, such as your CPN model, memory size, your phone IMEI number, phone model, rom, phone operator, location, install, uninstall, frequency of use, etc.
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as the data of install, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel.
If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected through the Services
In this Policy, the term “personal information” includes any information that identifies or makes an individual identifiable. When you access or use our Services, we may generally collect the personal information described below.
A. Information You Directly and Voluntarily Provide to Us:
When you access or use our Services, you may provide the following information to us:
Customer Support Information
: If you are a visitor to the Site, or a user of the Apps, we may collect information that you provide to us when you communicate with any of our departments such as customer service or technical services.
Contact Information
: When you sign up to create an account with some of our Apps, you will be required to provide an email address, phone number or other contact information as part of the registration process. Alternatively, you can use your Facebook Account or other third party social network accounts (together, “Social Media Account”) to register for the Services.
Social Media Account Information
: When you sign up with a Social Media Account, you will be asked to choose which information you would like to share with us, such as your email address, birthday, friends list, or public profile information. When you decide to use a Social Media Account to sign up for our Services, we only require the collection of the email address associated with your Social Media Account; all other information provided by you is voluntary.
Profile Information
: When using some of our Services, you may be able to add information to your profile, such as profile picture, birthday, nickname or username, or country. You voluntarily provide this information to us.
Your Content:
When using some of our Services, you can create, post, upload or share content by providing us with access to your photos, media and files, and your device’s camera and microphone. You voluntarily provide this information to us. We will not store your images or contents of your images or your face data in our servers, information will be only stored within your device only as long as you are using that image inside the application.
B. Information Automatically Collected Through the Services
We automatically collect information about you when you use the Services, such as:
Device Information:
If you access the Services through a mobile device, we may be able to identify the general location of your mobile device (not precise geolocation data), your mobile device’s brand, model, operating system, resolution, screen size, system version, Bluetooth settings, internet connection, random-access memory (“RAM”), the application you have installed, the applications you have running in the background, mobile device’s advertising ID, other unique identifiers and other information related to device setting.
Cookies & Similar Tracking Information:
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information about your interactions with our Services. The information we collect includes, but is not limited to, account activation time, content displayed to you and whether you clicked on it, advertisements displayed to you and whether you clicked on them, URLs you have visited, notifications that have appeared on your mobile device, your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, your mobile country code, and your user ID.
Network Connection:
When you use our service, we may automatically collect information about your type of network,such as your mobile network, Wi-Fi connection, and others
You may be able to limit the amount of information collected from your device (e.g., computer, phone, or tablet) with us by adjusting your device or browser settings. However, by preventing us from collecting information from you, we may not be able to provide some functions on our Services.
C.
Information You Share on Third Party Websites or through Social Media Services
The Services may include links to third-party websites and social media services where you may be able to post comments, stories, reviews or other information. Your use of these third-party websites and social media services may result in the collection or sharing of information about you by these third-party websites and social media services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the third-party websites and social media services with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those third-party websites and social media services.
4.  How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the personal information we gather through the Services for the purposes described below. If we use your personal information in any other ways, we will disclose this to you. You can choose not to share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, or from allowing us to use your personal information for any purpose that is incompatible with the purposes for which we originally collected it or subsequently obtained your consent. If you choose to limit the ways we can use your personal information, some or all of the Services may not be available to you.
To provide the Services to you
. We require certain information from you in order to provide you with the Services you requested. Such information may include your contact and device information. We share this information with our service providers or partners to the extent necessary to continue to provide you with the Services. We cannot provide you with Services without such information.
To provide customer service.
We process your personal information when you contact us to help you with any questions, concerns, disputes or issues, or to provide us with your feedback. Without your personal information, we cannot respond to you or ensure your continued use and enjoyment of the Services.
To enforce terms, agreements or policies.
To ensure your safety and adherence to our terms, agreements or policies, we may process your personal information to: actively monitor, investigate, prevent and mitigate any alleged or actual prohibited, illicit or illegal activities on our Services; investigate, prevent, or mitigate violations of our terms and policies; enforce our agreements with third parties and partners; and, collect fees based on your use of our Services. We cannot perform our Services in accordance with our terms, agreements or policies without processing your personal information for such purposes.
To send you Service-related communications.
We use your contact information to send you administrative or account-related information to you to keep you updated about our Services, inform you of relevant security issues or updates, or provide other transaction-related information to you. Service-related communications are not promotional in nature. You cannot unsubscribe from such communications because you could miss important developments relating to your account or the Services that may affect how you can use our Services.
For security purposes.
We process your personal information to: improve and enforce our security measures; combat spam, malware, malicious activities or security risks; and to monitor and verify your identity so that unauthorized users do not access your account with us. We cannot ensure the security of our Services if we do not process your personal information for security purposes.Designated Countries: For all purposes listed above, pursuant to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) or any equivalent legislation (collectively “Data  Protection Laws”), we process the personal information of users located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), United Kingdom and Switzerland (collectively, the   “Designated Countries”) based on our contract with you.
To maintain legal and regulatory compliance
. We process your personal information to pay our taxes or fulfill our other business obligations, and/or to manage risk  as  required under applicable law. We cannot perform the Services in accordance with our legal and regulatory requirements without processing your personal information for such purposes. Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located in the Designated Countries to comply with our    legal obligations.
To personalize your experience on the Services.
We allow you to personalize your experience on our Services via social media plugins on our Services (e.g., Facebook, Google, Instagram, Twitter, etc.), by keeping track of your preferences (e.g., nickname or display name, time zone, language preference, etc.), and more. Without such processing, you may not be able to access or personalize part or all of our Services. Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located in the Designated Countries to satisfy our legitimate interests as described above.
To conduct research and development.
We process information about the way you use and interact with our Services to: help us improve our Services; build new Services; and build customized features or Services. Such processing ensures your continued enjoyment of part or all of our Services. Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located in the Designated Countries to satisfy our legitimate interests as described above.
To engage in marketing activities.
We may process your contact information or information about your interactions on our Services to: send you marketing communications; deliver targeted marketing; inform you about events, webinars, or other materials, including those of our partners; and, keep you up-to-date with our relevant products and Services. Transactional communications about your account or our Services are not considered “marketing” communications. In addition, when you share your friends’ contact information with us, we may reach out to them to invite them to our Services and to continue receiving our communications. You can opt-out of our marketing activities at any time.
How We Share Your Information with Third Parties
We may share your personal information with third parties in the following circumstances:
Employees, Third-Party Processors and Third-Party Service Providers
We disclose your personal information to our employees, contractors, affiliates, distributors, dealers, vendors and suppliers (“Service Providers”) who provide certain services to us or on our behalf, such as operating and supporting the Services, analyzing data, or performing marketing or consulting services. These Service Providers will only have access to the personal information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf.
Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located in the Designated Countries based on our contract with you.
Response to Subpoenas or Court Orders or to Protect Rights and to Comply with Our Policies
To the extent permitted by law, we will disclose your personal information if:
1. Required to do so by law, or in response to a subpoena or court order or similar request from judicial authority, law enforcement authorities or other competent public authorities;
2. We believe, in our sole discretion, that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect against fraud, to protect the property or other rights of us or other users, third parties or the public at large; or
3. We believe that you have abused the Services by using it to attack our systems or to gain unauthorized access to our system, to engage in spamming or otherwise to violate applicable laws.
Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located in the Designated Countries based on our legal obligations, in the public interest, or your vital interests.
Business Transfers or Bankruptcy
In the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other sale of all or a portion of our assets, any personal information owned or controlled by us may be one of the assets transferred to third parties. We will notify you via email or a prominent notice within our Services of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court, the use and disclosure of all transferred personal information will be subject to this Privacy Policy. However, any personal information you submit or that is collected after this type of transfer may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity.
Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located in the Designated Countries based on legitimate interests described above.
Our Affiliates
Based on your consent, we may share some or all of your contact information with our parent company, subsidiaries and corporate affiliates, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us. If you would like us to stop providing your information to our affiliates for their own marketing purposes, you may opt-out by contacting us as provided in the “How to Contact Us” section.
Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located in the Designated Countries based on your consent.
Third-Party Business Partners.
Based on your consent, we may work with and share some of your information with our third-party advertising partners to provide you with advertisements or other tailored content. We may share information related to users of our service with affiliates or unaffiliated third parties on a de-identified, aggregate basis. While this information will not identify you personally, in some instances these parties may be able to combine these  aggregate ,de-identified information with other data they have about you, or that they receive from other parties, in a manner that allows them to identify you personally.
Designate Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located in the Designated Countries based on your consent.
Protection of Personal Information:
We take precautions — including administrative, technical, and physical measures — to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
When you use some products, services, or post your comments, the personal information you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these instances. Please take care when using these features. OUR COMPANY WIDE COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
To make sure your personal information is secure; we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to all employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
Security
We are committed to ensuring the security of your personal information. We have physical, technical and administrative safeguards in place to protect the confidentiality of your personal information. In addition, we require that our service providers handling personal information also maintain appropriate physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of the personal information you provide to us.
However, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information or that loss, misuse, unauthorized acquisition, or alteration of your data will not occur. We also have no way of protecting any of your personal information that is not in our control, such as any information transmitted via email or wireless connections.Maintaining the security of your personal information is also your responsibility. Where we require you to register an account, you should choose a password of sufficient length and complexity and keep your password confidential. Do not leave your device unlocked so that other individuals may access it. Make sure you trust the wireless connections you are using to access or use our Services.
If you think there has been unauthorized access to or use of your account, please contact us immediately at
contactus@pixelforce.in
.
Retention of Personal Information.
We will try to limit the storage of your personal information to the time necessary to serve the purpose(s) for which your personal information was processed, to enforce our agreement, policies or terms, to resolve disputes, or as otherwise required or permitted by law. Please contact us if you have any questions about our retention periods. While retention requirements can vary by country, we generally apply the retention periods noted below.
Marketing. We store information used for marketing purposes indefinitely until you unsubscribe. Once you unsubscribe from marketing communications, we add your contact information to our suppression list to ensure we respect your unsubscribe request.
Your Interactions and Content on Our Services. We may store any information about your interactions on our Services or any content created, posted or shared by you on our Services (e.g., pictures, comments, support tickets, and other content) indefinitely after the closure of your account for the establishment or defense of legal claims, audit and crime prevention purposes.
Web Behavior Data. We retain any information collected via cookies, clear gifs, web page counters and other technical or analytics tools up to one year from expiry of the cookie or the date of collection.
Telephone Records. As required by applicable law, we will inform you that a call will be recorded before doing so. Any telephone calls with you may be kept for a period of up to six years.
Privacy Questions:
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us at
contactus@pixelforce.in
.
We may update Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy.