Privacy Policy
We do our best to protect your privacy
ByPost Privacy Policy
Cards Online Limited trading as ByPost.
Introduction
This Privacy Notice explains the types of personal data we may collect about you when you interact with us. It also explains how we'll store and handle that data, and keep it safe. We know that there's a lot of information here but we want you to be fully informed about your rights, and how we use your data.
This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with our Terms and Conditions ("Terms" as varied from time to time). Capitalised terms not defined in this Privacy Policy are defined in our Terms.
By using our Services and providing personal information to us, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy please do not use our Services.
We hope the following sections will answer any questions you have but if not, please do get in touch with us. You can email us at:
support@bypost.com
It's likely that we'll need to update this Privacy Notice from time to time. We'll notify you of any significant changes, but we encourage you to come back and check it whenever you wish.
Who we are
Cards Online Limited (hereafter referred to as "COL", "we", "our", or "us") trading as ByPost. COL is a company registered in England (Company No: 10702642) and our registered address is 12 North Bar, Banbury, Oxfordshire OX16 0TB, United Kingdom.
We utilise mobile applications, and websites to interact with our Users, which are hereafter collectively referred to as our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of our brands listed above.
How we comply with the law on data protection
The law on data protection sets out a number of different reasons for which a company may collect and process your personal data. This includes:
With consent
In specific situations, we can collect and process your data with your consent. For example, when you tick a box to receive email newsletters. When we collect your personal data, we'll always make clear to you which data is necessary in connection with a particular service.
Contractual obligations
In some circumstances, we need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligations. For example, if you order an item from us to send back to yourself we'll collect your postal address details to deliver your purchase, and pass them to our printers and delivery partners.
Legal compliance
If the law requires us to, we may need to collect and process your personal data. For example, we can pass on details of people involved in fraud or other criminal activity to law enforcement agencies if requested to do so.
Legitimate interest
In specific situations, we require your personal data to pursue our legitimate business interests in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and which does not materially impact your rights, freedoms or interests. For example, we may use your purchase history to send you or make available to you personalised offers.
We also combine the shopping history of many customers to identify trends and ensure we can keep up with demand, or develop new products and services.
The type of personal data we collect
We collect the following types of information about you and your recipients:
• Information you provide us with if you have an account with us. This includes your name, email address, billing address, delivery addresses, telephone number and photos. For your security we also keep an encrypted record of your login password.
• Details of your communications with our customer service team, online and via our apps. We may retain messages you send through our Services, and we may collect User Content and other information, which you upload to our Services.
• Details of your shopping preferences. For example which of our features and products your prefer.
• Details of your visits to our websites or apps and which third party websites you came from to ours.
• Your comments on us and product reviews.
• Your social media username if you interact with us through those channels, to help us respond to your comments, questions or feedback.
• To deliver the best possible app and web experience we collect technical information about your mobile device, internet connection and browser as well as the country and telephone code where your mobile device or computer is located, the app and web pages viewed during your session or visit, the advertisements you tapped or clicked on, and any search terms you entered.
• We, and our payment-processing partners, Stripe and PayPal (or such other payment processing partners as we may utilise from time to time) collect your credit, debit card or PayPal details when you make a purchase. This information is not stored by COL.
• Information from third parties we collect from you. For example In order to take advantage of some of our services, you may need to supply us with the personal details of a third party (for example, their name and address if you wish to send them COL's products using our Services.) We will not use this information for anything other than providing the service for which the information was supplied.
• We use ByPost Address Book information to provide you with the features and functionality of our Services, for example, allowing you to send a card or message to your chosen recipient. If you add a recipient to your "ByPost Address Book" on our Services, we collect your recipient's name and address. You may manually enter this information into the ByPost Address Book, or use the "Request Address" feature to request a postal address and if this service is utilised we also collect your recipient's mobile telephone number or email address in order to request their postal address on your behalf. We will automatically send your recipient an email or text message on your behalf inviting him or her to supply their postal address so that you may complete your card. We will identify you in the address request communication and we will only send your recipient a single address request on your behalf. If your recipient does not reply to the address request communication we will not send your recipient another message and we will delete the information you provide us with about your recipient. We will only use the information you provide about your recipient for the purpose of adding their postal address to your ByPost Address Book and in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
• If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our services, we will ask you for information we need to send a referral message to your friend. This includes your friend's name and email address or mobile telephone number. We will automatically send your friend an email or text message inviting him or her to visit or download our Services. We will identify you in the referral invitation and we will only send your friend a single referral invitation. If your friend does not reply to the referral invitation we will not send your friend another message and we will delete the information you provide us with about your friend. We will only use the information you provide about your friend for the purpose of inviting your friend to visit or download our Services and in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
• We may collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for our Services. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit, communications from us that you read, and other information that assists us in improving our Services.
• Information gathered by the use of Cookies. Learn more about how we use browser cookies below.
• Log file information is automatically reported by your browser or mobile device each time you access our Services. When you use our Services, our servers automatically record certain log file information. These server logs may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on our Services, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.
• When you access our Services by or through a mobile device, we may access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store "location data," which may include GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device. Location data may convey to us information about how you browse and use our Services. Some features of our Services, particularly location-based services, may not function properly if use or availability of location data is impaired or disabled.
When do we collect your personal data
We collect personal data from you at the following times:
When you visit any of our apps or websites, and use your account to buy products and services in app or online.
When you make an online purchase and check out as a guest (in which case we just collect transaction-based data).
When you create an account with us.
When you engage with us on social media.
When you download or install one of our apps.
When you contact us by any means with queries, complaints etc.
When you ask one of our team to email you information about a product or service.
When you enter prize draws or competitions.
When you choose to complete any surveys we send you.
When you comment on or review us or our products and services. Please note that any individual may access personal data related to them, including opinions. So if your comment or review includes information about the employee who provided that service, it may be passed on to them if requested.
When you've given a third party permission to share with us the information they hold about you.
How and why do we use your personal data?
Here's how we'll use your personal data and why
To process any orders that you make by using our apps or websites. If we don't collect your personal data during checkout, we won't be able to process your order and comply with our legal obligations. For example, your details may need to be passed to a third party to supply or deliver the product or service that you ordered and we may keep your details for a reasonable period afterwards in order to fulfil any contractual obligations such as refunds, resends and so on.
To respond to your queries, refund requests and complaints. Handling the information you sent enables us to respond to your requests. We may also keep a record of these to inform any future communication with us and to demonstrate how we communicated with you throughout. We do this on the basis of our contractual obligations to you, our legal obligations and our legitimate interests in providing you with the best service and understanding how we can improve our service based on your experience.
To protect our business and your account from fraud and other illegal activities. This includes using your personal data to maintain, update and safeguard your account. We'll also monitor your browsing activity with us to quickly identify and resolve any problems and protect the integrity of our apps and websites. We'll do all of this as part of our legitimate interest. For example, by checking your password when you login and using automated monitoring of IP addresses to identify possible fraudulent logins from unexpected locations.
To process payments and to prevent fraudulent transactions. We do this on the basis of our legitimate business interests. This also helps to protect our customers from fraud. If we or our payment partners discover any criminal activity or alleged criminal activity through our use of fraud monitoring and suspicious transaction monitoring, we will process this data for the purposes of preventing or detecting unlawful acts. We aim to protect the individuals we interact with from criminal activities.
With your consent, we will use your personal data, preferences and details of your transactions to keep you informed by email, web, text, telephone, in-app messaging and through our contact centre about relevant products and services including tailored special offers, discounts, promotions, events, competitions and so on. You are free to opt out of hearing from us by any of these channels at any time.
To send you communications required by law or which are necessary to inform you about our changes to the services we provide you. For example, price increases, updates to this Privacy Notice, product recall notices, and legally required information relating to your orders. These service messages will not include any promotional content and do not require prior consent when sent by email, in-app message or text message. If we do not use your personal data for these purposes, we would be unable to comply with our legal obligations.
To display the most interesting content to you on our websites or apps, we'll use data we hold about your favourite features and products and so on. We do so on the basis of your consent to receive app notifications and / or for our website to place cookies or similar technology on your device. For example, we might display a list of items you've recently looked at, or offer you recommendations based on your purchase history and any other data you've shared with us.
To administer any of our prize draws or competitions which you enter, based on your consent given at the time of entering.
To develop, test and improve the systems, services and products we provide to you. We'll do this on the basis of our legitimate business interests.
For example, we'll record your browser's Session ID to help us understand more when you leave us online feedback about any problems you're having.
To comply with our contractual or legal obligations to share data with law enforcement. For example, when a court order is submitted to share data with law enforcement agencies or a court of law.
To send you survey and feedback requests to help improve our services. These messages will not include any promotional content and do not require prior consent when sent by email or text message. We have a legitimate interest to do so as this helps make our products or services more relevant to you. You are free to opt out of receiving these requests from us at any time by updating your preferences in your account or by unsubscribing from our emails.
To build a rich picture of who you are and what you like, and to inform our business decisions. We'll combine data captured from across our brands, third parties and data from publicly-available lists as we have described in the section "The type of personal data we collect". We'll do this on the basis of our legitimate business interest. For example, by combining this data, this will help us personalise your experience and decide which inspiration or content to share with you. We also use anonymised data from customer purchase histories to identify trends in different areas of the country.
Sometimes, we'll need to share your details with a third party who is providing a service (such as delivery couriers). Without sharing your personal data, we'd be unable to fulfil your orders.
We use your personal data to:
• Operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of, our Services
• Communicate with you about our Services, for example, to respond to your inquiries
• Fulfil your purchases
• Provide you will order and billing information
• Allow you to participate in competitions or promotions and to administer such activities
• Personalise your experience of our Services
• Help us improve our Services and communications
Disclosure and sharing of your personal data
We sometimes share your personal data with trusted third parties.
For example, delivery couriers, technicians visiting your home, for fraud management, to handle complaints, to help us personalise our offers to you and so on.
We provide only the information they need to perform their specific services.
They may only use your data for the exact purposes we specify in our contract with them. We work closely with them to ensure that your privacy is respected and protected at all times. If we stop using their services, any of your data held by them will either be deleted or rendered anonymous.
Examples of the kind of third parties we work with are:
IT companies who support our website and other business systems.
Operational companies such as delivery couriers.
Marketing companies who help us manage our electronic communications with you.
Google/Facebook to show you products that might interest you while you're browsing the internet. This is based on either your marketing consent or your acceptance of cookies on our websites. See our Cookies Notice for details.
Data insight companies to ensure your details are up to date and accurate.
For fraud management, we may share information about fraudulent or potentially fraudulent activity in our systems. This may include sharing data about individuals with law enforcement bodies. We may also be required to disclose your personal data to the police or other enforcement, regulatory or Government body, in your country of origin or elsewhere, upon a valid request to do so. These requests are assessed on a case-by-case basis and take the privacy of our customers into consideration.
To help personalise your journey through our apps and websites we currently use the following companies, who will process your personal data as part of their contracts with us:
Google
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Pinterest
Facebook
We will not rent or sell your information to third parties outside COL and its group companies (including any parent, subsidiaries and affiliates) without your consent, except as noted below:
We may disclose aggregated information about our users without restriction.
In addition, we may share your personal information with our other users and third parties when you provide us with consent to do so. For example, if you allow us to post your User Content to our Services for promotional purposes or you choose to participate in competitions or similar promotions. We may share your information with the promotion's sponsors and/or as may otherwise be disclosed to you when you elect to register. Likewise, if you decide to send a message through our Services, we may also use your information to identify you to the intended recipient.
We may buy or sell/divest/transfer COL (including any shares in COL), or any combination of its Services, products, services, assets and/or businesses. Your information such as customer names and email addresses, User Content and other user information related to our Services may be among the items sold or otherwise transferred in these types of transactions. We may also sell, assign or otherwise transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions, reorganisations, liquidations, similar transactions or proceedings involving all or a portion of the company.
We may share certain Services type information, including information obtained through tools such as cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data and clear gifs (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.): with our third-party business partners for the purposes described in the sections above. We may also aggregate or otherwise strip data of all personally identifying characteristics and may share that aggregated, anonymous data with third parties.
The storage and security of your personal data
We know how much data security matters to all our customers. With this in mind we will treat your data with the utmost care and take all appropriate steps to protect it.
We secure access to all transactional areas of our websites and apps using 'https' technology.
Access to your personal data is password-protected, and sensitive data such as payment card information is secured and tokenised by our payment partners to ensure it is protected.
We regularly monitor our system for possible vulnerabilities and attacks, and we carry out penetration testing to identify ways to further strengthen security.
By using or accessing our Services, you expressly acknowledge and agree that your personal and purchase information may be stored and processed in the United Kingdom, Guernsey or any other country in which COL or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. Please note that we may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information, to affiliated entities, service providers or other third parties across borders, from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the United States, European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from United Kingdom or England Laws, you should be aware that we may transfer information about you, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you expressly consent to (a) the transfer of information to the United Kingdom and / or England or any other country in which COL or its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, service providers and/or business partners maintain facilities; and (b) the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Notice.
We care about the security of your information, and use commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through our Services. Any payment transactions undertaken from our Services are encrypted using SSL technology. The personal information that you provide to us is stored on servers, which are located in secured facilities with restricted access, and protected by protocols and procedures designed to ensure the security of such information. In addition, we restrict access to personal information to our employees, independent contractors and agents who need to know this information in order to develop, operate and maintain our Services. All COL personnel who have access to this information are trained in the maintenance and security of such information. To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique minimum seven character password which must include at least one number) to restrict access to certain parts of our Services and to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to your email communications from us, at all times. We ask you not to share your password and credit / debit card details including security CVV number with anyone else. However, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or guarantee that information on our Services may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed. You acknowledge and agree that you use, and provide information to our Services at your own risk. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the functionality of third party sites and services that you add to our Services, such as social networks. PGL is not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party. You must be aware that you should always log out of your account when you have finished using our Services.
In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
Whenever we collect or process your personal data, we'll only keep it for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. At the end of that retention period, your data will either be deleted completely or anonymised, for example by aggregation with other data so that it can be used in a non-identifiable way for statistical analysis and business planning.
Where your personal data may be processed
Sometimes we will need to share your personal data with third parties and suppliers outside the UK. We will only transfer your data to a country which satisfies the UK adequacy regulations.
International orders
If you are based outside the UK and place an order with us, we will transfer the personal data that we collect from you to us in the UK.
Any transfer of your personal data will follow applicable laws and we will treat the information under the guiding principles of this Privacy Notice.
Your rights in connection with your personal data
Please find set out below an overview of your different rights in connection with your personal data:
You have the right to request:
Access to the personal data we hold about you, free of charge in most cases.
The correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of date or incomplete.
That we stop using your personal data for direct marketing (either through specific channels, or all channels).
That we stop any consent-based processing of your personal data after you withdraw that consent.
Review by our Directors of any decision made based solely on automatic processing of your data (i.e. where no human has yet reviewed the outcome and criteria for the decision).
You have the right to request a copy of any information about you at any time, and also to have that information corrected if it is inaccurate. To ask for your information, please contact Data Protection Officer, or contact our Customer Services team by emailing
support@bypost.com
.
If we choose not to action your request we will explain to you the reasons for our refusal.
Your right to withdraw consent
Whenever you have given us your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw that consent.
Where we rely on our legitimate interest
In cases where we are processing your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest, you can ask us to stop for reasons connected to your individual situation. We must then do so unless we believe we have a legitimate overriding reason to continue processing your personal data.
Direct marketing
You have the right to stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing activity through all channels, or selected channels. We must always comply with your request.
Checking your identity
To protect the confidentiality of your information, we will ask you to verify your identity before proceeding with any request you make under this Privacy Notice. If you have authorised a third party to submit a request on your behalf, we will ask them to prove they have your permission to act. We aim to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide us with. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required to do so by law. The following are the mechanisms we currently have in place to allow you to exercise your preferences:
You may update your account information and email-communication preferences at any time by logging into your account on our Services and editing your account settings. You can also stop receiving promotional email communications from us by clicking on the "unsubscribe link" provided in such communications or by emailing
support@bypost.com
. We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. As noted above, you may not opt out of Services related communications (e.g., account verification, purchase, billing and order confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of our Services, technical and security notices). If you have any questions about reviewing or modifying your account information, you can contact us by emailing
support@bypost.com
Opting out of collection of your information for Tracking / Advertising
You can set your browser to refuse or disable all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, doing so may disable many of the features available through our Services. Please refer to your mobile device or browser's technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools. Depending on your type of device, it may not be possible to delete or disable tracking mechanisms on your mobile device. If you have any questions about opting out of the collection of cookies and other tracking/recording tools, you can contact us by emailing
support@bypost.com
If you do not wish to have your information used for analytics purposes you may "opt out" of the collection of your information for analytics purposes by following the directions provided by our third party analytics partner - Google, located at
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
. If you "opt out" with our third party analytics provider, that action is specific to the information we collect for that provider, and does not limit our ability to collect information from you, under the terms of this privacy policy, for other analytics partner.
If you do not wish to have your contact information (including but not limited to your email address) used by COL to promote our products and services and those of third parties you may opt out by clicking on the "unsubscribe link" provided in such communications or by emailing
support@bypost.com
How long we keep your User Content: Following termination or deactivation of your User account, or a request to delete personal information, we may retain your personal information and User Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, audit purposes, marketing or fraud prevention activities.
Cookies
Our websites make use of cookies - a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, for example, to help you to log in to your account faster and to enhance your navigation through our website. A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use our Services (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take on our website). We may store up to two types of cookies on your computer:
A persistent cookie which remains on your hard drive after you close your browser so that you do not need to re-enter certain information each time you visit our website
A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser and which is used to help prevent unauthorised access to your account
A cookie does not give us access to your computer or any information about you. You can choose to accept or refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. To disable cookies you may need to change your browser settings, which will vary according to the operating system and browser, you use. However, some features of our Services may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
Further free, useful background information regarding cookies can be found at
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/
Children's privacy
COL does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 18 or knowingly allow such persons to register as Users. Our Services and its content are not directed at children under the age of 18. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 18 currently using our services, please contact us by emailing
support@bypost.com
Links to other websites and services
From time to time our Services may contain links to and from websites of our partners. We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from our Services, including the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Services to another website, our Privacy Notice does not apply to such third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or services, including those that have a link or advertisement on our Services, are subject to that third party's own rules and policies including their privacy policies which you should review. In addition, you agree that we are not responsible and we do not have control over any third parties that you authorise to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party website or services (for example, Instagram or Facebook) and you allow such a third-party access to your User Content you do so at your own risk. This Privacy Notice does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources other than through our Services.
Access to your information
You have the right to access the personal data that we hold about you. To access a copy of this information please write to us with your full name and registered email address at:
Cards Online Limited
12 North Bar
Banbury
Oxfordshire OX16 0TB
United Kingdom
How to stop your personal data being used for direct marketing
There are several ways you can stop direct marketing communications from us:
Click the 'unsubscribe' link in any email communication that we send you. We will then stop any further emails.
If you have an account, log in into your account, and change your preferences.
In our apps, you can manage your preferences and opt out from one or all of the different push notifications by selecting or deselecting the relevant options in the 'Settings' section.
Write to us at:
Cards Online Limited
12 North Bar
Banbury
Oxfordshire OX16 0TB
United Kingdom
Please note that you may continue to receive communications for a short period after changing your preferences while our systems are fully updated.
Please note that you may not opt out of the receipt of non marketing related communications such as communications relating to price changes etc.
Changes and updates to our privacy policy
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time and so you should revisit this page to keep informed. When we materially change our Privacy Notice we will post the revised Privacy Notice on our Services and update the 'last modified' date at the bottom of this page. Your use of our Services following these changes means that you accept our revised Privacy Policy.
Contacting the Regulator
If you feel that your data has not been handled correctly, or you are unhappy with our response to any requests you have made to us regarding the use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner's Office.
You can contact them by calling +44 (0) 303 123 1113 or go online to
www.ico.org.uk/concerns
If you are based outside the UK, you have the right to lodge your complaint with the relevant data protection regulator in your country of residence.
If you live outside the UK
For all non-UK customers
By using our services or providing your personal data to us, you expressly consent to the processing of your personal data by us or on our behalf. Of course, you still have the right to ask us not to process your data in certain ways, and if you do so, we will respect your wishes. Sometimes we'll need to transfer your personal data between countries to enable us to supply the goods or services you've requested. In the ordinary course of business, we may transfer your personal data from your country of residence to ourselves and to third parties located in the UK.
By dealing with us, you are giving your consent to this overseas use, transfer and disclosure of your personal data outside your country of residence for our ordinary business purposes.
This may occur because our information technology storage facilities and servers are located outside your country of residence, and could include storage of your personal data on servers in the UK.
We'll ensure that reasonable steps are taken to prevent third parties outside your country of residence using your personal data in any way that's not set out in this Privacy Notice. We'll also make sure we adequately protect the confidentiality and privacy of your personal data.
USA
To learn more about our cookies and website 'track' and 'do not track' practices please see our Cookies Notice.
Australia
For the purposes of this Privacy Notice, 'personal data' means any information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether or not the information or opinion is true, and whether or not the information or opinion is recorded in a material form.
If you are in Australia you may submit any questions, comments or complaints to our UK-based Data Protection Officer who will come back to you within 30 days.
If you are contacting us to complain about an alleged breach of this Privacy Notice or our legal privacy obligations, please provide us with as much detail as possible in relation to your complaint.
We will take every privacy complaint seriously and assess it with the aim of resolving all issues quickly and efficiently. We'd be grateful for your cooperation with us during this process by providing us with any relevant information that we made need.
If we have not come back to you within 30 days, or you are not happy with the response that you've received, you may submit a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
We are committed to keeping your personal information secure and will take all reasonable precautions to protect it from loss, misuse or unauthorised access or alteration. However, except to the extent liability cannot be excluded due to the operation of statute, we exclude all liability (including in negligence) for the consequences of any unauthorised access to, disclosure of, misuse of or loss or corruption of your personal information.
Nothing in this Privacy Notice restricts, excludes or modifies or purports to restrict, exclude or modify any statutory consumer rights under any applicable law including the Competition and Consumer Act 2010.
Canada
As your data may be transferred to third parties outside Canada, local police or other enforcement, regulatory or Government bodies may have access to that data, with or without our knowledge.
The personal data we process may be accessed by people within COL, or by our third-party service providers, who require access for the purposes indicated in this Privacy Notice, or as may be permitted or required by applicable law. The personal data we collect is largely held in the UK.
If you have any questions, please contact our Data Protection Officer.
If you feel that your data has not been handled correctly, or you are unhappy with our response to any requests you have made to us regarding the use of your personal information, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada, or in some Canadian provinces, your local Privacy Commissioner.
Your rights
You can stop the Cards Online Limited's collection and processing of personal data by uninstalling our apps.
You have the right to request insight into, correction, deletion or restriction of the processing of the personal data we process about you.
You can withdraw your consent at any time. If you withdraw your consent, you can no longer use our apps.
You can request that Cards Online Limited deletes your account and all of your collected data, by sending an email to
support@bypost.com
.
Questions?
We hope this Privacy Notice has been helpful in setting out the way we handle your personal data and your rights to control it. If you have any questions that haven't been covered, please contact our Data Protection Officer who will be pleased to help you:
Email us at
support@bypost.com
or write to us at:
Att: Data Protection Officer
Cards Online Limited
12 North Bar
Banbury
Oxfordshire OX16 0TB
United Kingdom
This Privacy notice was last updated on 22/06/2024.
By using this website you agree to our Cookie Policy.
Settings
Reject All
Accept All
Cookie Settings
We use cookies to improve user experience. Choose what cookie categories you allow us to use. You can read more
about our Cookie Policy by clicking on Cookie Policy below.
Essential (required)
These cookies enable strictly necessary cookies for security, language support and verification of identity.
These cookies can’t be disabled.
Functionality
These cookies collect data to remember choices users make to improve and give a better
user experience. Disabling can cause some parts of the site to not work properly.
Performance & Analytics
These cookies help us to understand how visitors interact with our website, help us measure and analyze traffic to improve our service.
Targeting & Advertising
These cookies help us to better deliver marketing content and customized ads.
View Cookie Policy
Save
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms