Copyright, privacy and disclaimer
Copyright
Privacy
Disclaimer
Additional information
Copyright
Unless otherwise indicated, copyright in the content of this website is the property of the University of Queensland under Australian copyright law. The site may also include content whose copyright belongs to third parties and which has been lawfully included in this site by agreement or specific licence.
For personal, non-commercial purposes, you may view or make copies of the material contained on the site. Content may not be systematically downloaded, retrieved or stored. Content may not be reproduced or transmitted without our prior written permission.
Copyright enquiries relating to web content should be directed to the authorising officer listed in the footer of every page.
More information about copyright at UQ
.
Privacy
The University of Queensland's
Privacy Management Policy
specifies that the University must collect, store, provide access to, use and disclose personal information in accordance with the
Information Privacy Act 2009
. Whenever a UQ website or online system collects or uses personal information, it must do so in accordance with this policy and with state and federal privacy laws.
More information on privacy at UQ can be obtained from the
Right to Information and Privacy Office
.
If you have any questions or concerns about personal information displayed on, or collected by, a particular UQ web page or online system, you can:
use the feedback form linked from the page footer
contact the
Right to Information and Privacy Coordinator
.
Google Analytics
The University of Queensland uses
Google Analytics
to gather statistics about how our web content is used, and statistics about our visitors such as their browsers and geographic location. No personally identifying information is collected.
The information collected includes:
how visitors arrived at our pages (e.g. directly from a bookmark or typing in an address; from a search engine; linked from another page)
which pages are viewed and for how long, including the viewing time and date
the general geographical locations of visitors (as indicated by the network or internet service provider they use), anonymised demographics (age bracket and gender), and the speed of their internet connections
technical information about the computers or devices used to browse pages, including the operating systems, browsers, plug-ins, screen types and default languages.
To opt out of analytics, you can
download a browser add-on from Google
. Alternatively, you can set your browser to refuse or delete cookies from Google Analytics. Check your browser's help information to find out how.
Other cookies and tracking
We employ a variety of digital tracking and analytics tools, known as cookies and pixel codes, across our public and student-facing websites, online learning systems, apps and social media channels. The data we collect from these tools helps us to better understand our customers and deliver an improved user experience.
Cookies we use may collect the following information about you:
IP address, company name inferred from your IP address or DNS, general geographical location inferred from your IP address
technical information about your device, operating system, screen type and browser
date and time of web visits, and web visits session duration
how you came to a UQ-page (e.g. from a search engine, direct URL or social media post)
browsing actions, such as completing a form, conducting a search or clicking on a hyperlink
demographic information depending on information you provide or that is available or can be inferred
app downloads and in-app activity.
We use this information for a variety of purposes, including to:
authenticate you to systems and maintain session log-ins
manage transactions across multiple webpages
improve and streamline your navigation of websites;
collect anonymous usage statistics and analytics for a website or system;
improve your user experience and track user behaviour on web pages, social media channels and advertisements or when using a UQ app
deliver targeted advertising based on website visits and page activity and measure advertising campaign performance
create custom audiences in Facebook based on website activity.
Each analytics platform and cookie retains data for different periods of time.
We may use pixels and cookies from third parties such as Google and Facebook. For example, for advertising purposes the Facebook network allows UQ to deliver advertising to people who visit our web pages. Please visit
Facebook
and
Google
for more information about the data they collect and use.
If you wish to block Facebook advertising or disable the pixel or cookies while browsing our websites, or using our apps, please consult the help or privacy settings of your device, platform and/or browser.
Please be aware that disabling cookies may adversely impact your user experience, particularly when using UQ’s learning platforms and you might not be able to use some functionality or services.
UQ also uses cookie data for data-matching purposes. If you opt in to receive communications from us e.g. via a sign-up form, the personal information you provide (e.g. your email address) may be matched with previously unidentified aggregated information from your cookies for the purposes of building a contact record so that we can personalise our marketing to you.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small file placed on your computer or device when you visit a website. On UQ websites, cookies do things like:
remember your login details, settings or preferences
measure how you use a site so we can improve it based on your needs
personalise your online experience with us
We use cookies for different reasons. Some cookies are necessary for technical reasons, while other cookies support things like analytics or advertising and marketing activities. Pixel codes are similar to cookies and allow tracking of user actions. Regarding Facebook pixels you can manage your settings within your Facebook account.
Managing cookies and settings
You can delete and manage existing cookies on your device and manage your browser settings in relation to what new cookies can be installed on your device. For information about this you can visit websites such as
allaboutcookies.org
, or the websites of browser producers such as Google (for Chrome browsers), Apple (for Safari browsers), Mozilla (for Firefox browsers) and Microsoft (for Internet Explorer and Edge browsers).
Cookies served through UQ websites
When you visit a UQ website, you will likely encounter first-party and third-party cookies. First-party cookies are set by the website owner (e.g. UQ), while third-party cookies are set by other websites (for example, Google or Facebook). Data collected using cookies from third parties can be shared with both the operator of the website you are on and with the third-party cookie provider.
You can identify a UQ website by checking to see if the URL address has ‘uq.edu.au’ in it.
First-party cookies
On most UQ websites first-party cookies are used to:
remember your login details, settings or preferences
identify basic technical information about your browser and device
identify your location (e.g. international or domestic).
On some UQ websites, additional first-party cookies are used to support our marketing and advertising activities. These cookies collect additional data, including:
your device’s IP address and company name (inferred from your IP address or DNS)
demographic information depending on information you provide or that is available or that can be inferred e.g. age bracket, gender, interests and language
pages you viewed during your most recent visit
date and time of your web visits and how long you spend on-site
most recent search engine you used and your most recent search query
how you found the UQ page (for example, from a search engine, a link in an email, or a social media post)
actions you complete on the site (for example whether you do a search, submit a form, click on links or download an app)
in-app activity (if you download an app).
In some cases we may also use first-party cookies for data-matching purposes. For example, if you submit your contact details through an online form (for example, by signing up for an email newsletter) we may match information you include in the form (for example, your name and email address) to previously unidentified aggregated data in your cookies. This allows us to build a contact profile so we can send you personalised marketing information. You can manage this by using browser settings, choosing which forms or consents you provide and using any opt out functionality provided in email communications.
Third-party cookies
As noted above, third-party cookies are set by third party websites, not by UQ but can be used by UQ and those third party websites. Many UQ websites have third-party cookies, which support things like:
analytics and measurement;
online learning or lectures;
advertising and marketing; and
video, social media, maps and other third-party content.
Third-party cookies can collect the same kinds of information collected by first party cookies.
Some companies have introduced an optional “first-party mode” for their cookies. In simple terms, “first-party mode” allows a website owner to change a third-party cookie to a first-party cookie. In first-party mode it would not be blocked if you have set your browser to block third-party cookies. You can manage your browser settings to block first-party cookies and allow certain cookies on a case by case basis.
In some cases UQ uses “first-party mode” for Facebook pixels. First-party mode is only activated if you come from a Facebook website. It is not activated if you come from some other third party website. As noted above, you can manage your Facebook settings within your Facebook account.
Contacting our privacy coordinator
For further information regarding cookies or privacy matters generally you can contact our Privacy Coordinator at any time.
See
Right to Information and Privacy
for more information and contact details.
Emails and online form submissions
Records of your correspondence with us, including when you email us via our website, or contact us via an online form, must be managed according to the University's
Record Management Policy
.
The University's
Privacy Management Policy
outlines how we must manage and protect any personal information related to your correspondence.
Disclaimer
The University does not warrant or represent the accuracy, currency and completeness of any information or material available on its website.
The University reserves the right to change information or material on the website at any time without notice, including but not limited to details relating to programs, courses, admissions, fees and services.
Please note the University may discontinue, vary or make unavailable programs and courses contained in the website at any time without notice.
It is the user's responsibility to consult directly with the authorised officer listed at the bottom of every page to confirm the accuracy, currency and completeness of information found on the site, particularly before acting in reliance upon such information.
Web links from this site to external, non-University websites should not be construed as implying any relationship with and/or endorsement of the external site or its content by the University of Queensland, nor any commercial or other relationship with the owners of such site.
Additional information
University's policy in relation to privacy.
University's policies, procedures and guidelines.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.uq.edu.au/legal/uq-account-privacy:
Skip to menu
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Ex-Tropical Cyclone Alfred
Ex-Tropical Cyclone Alfred:
view staff and student advice on UQ's incident response
Home
Legal
UQ account privacy
All UQ account holders are required to provide password recovery information during the account activation process, including a personal (non-UQ) email address, mobile phone number and answers to security questions. Account holders with accounts that pre-date online password recovery are required to enter this information in the my.UQ profile page.
UQ collects this information for the purpose of facilitating and managing access to UQ systems and services, including:
identity validation of account holders
password recovery processes
communicating with users regarding password and multi factor authentication operations.
Password recovery information is stored securely in UQ’s systems. Answers to security questions are one-way encrypted; they are not readable and cannot be decrypted.
UQ will not disclose your password recovery information to a third party without your agreement, except in accordance with the
Information Privacy Act 2009
and other relevant privacy laws.
For further information, please refer to the University’s
Privacy Management Policy
.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.uq.edu.au/legal/marketing-consent:
Skip to menu
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Ex-Tropical Cyclone Alfred
Ex-Tropical Cyclone Alfred:
view staff and student advice on UQ's incident response
Home
Legal
Marketing consent and privacy notice
When you interact with UQ online or at an event promoting the university and its offerings, we may collect information about you.
This page outlines what information we collect about you, how we manage and use that information, your rights to access it, and how you can opt out of marketing communications.
What information we collect
Forms
If you fill in a form on our website, at an event, or on a third-party referral site or social media platform, UQ collects the information you provide.
Personal information we collect will typically include your:
name
email
phone number
address
study interests
location (whether you are based in or outside of Australia)
educational status (whether you are a student)
student ID number (where applicable)
Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander status
citizenship information
country of residence
country of origin
visa status.
For information about how UQ collects, processes and uses information from online applications, refer to our
Online application terms of use
.
Cookies
Our websites use cookies, which are small pieces of data that our website sends to your browser. These cookies are stored on your computer or device.
If you visit our website and have cookies allowed on your device, we may collect data about your activity. This data may include:
how you use the site
which site you visited immediately before ours.
For further information on how UQ uses analytics, cookies and other tracking technology on its sites,and for further information on managing your cookies and browser settings, please refer to our
Website terms of use
.
Other sites, including third-party vendors such as Google and Facebook, also use cookies. This is referred to as third-party data and is anonymised.
Why we collect this information
Enquiry management
We collect your personal information to:
respond to your enquiries as accurately as possible, including helping with applications, enrolments or changes to programs
confirm your identity and facilitate interaction with UQ, including to connect you with the right team or to contact you about changes that affect you
share with agents and recruitment partners who are facilitating your enrolment
manage your subscriptions to UQ communications.
Improving your experience
Collecting this information also allows us to:
store information about how you use our sites, so that we can provide a personalised experience when you visit again
understand how our customers are using our websites and what they’re looking for, which helps us to make better decisions about UQ's operations, services and community engagement
seek feedback on your experiences with UQ, or to understand your intentions through surveys
monitor, optimise and serve personalised content or ads based on your past behaviour on our sites.
Marketing purposes
We use a combination of personal information and anonymised data to serve you personalised marketing messages through email, advertising through third-party sites and platforms (including social media), and on our own site.
Collecting this information allows us to:
promote UQ programs, news, events, scholarships, and offers to you via email, outbound calls, SMS and social channels
exclude individuals from marketing activities (such as email communication, advertising targeting, or social media posts or ads) that are not relevant to them
provide a personalised experience for our users, such as inviting prospective students to an event, advising about scholarship opportunities, or showing reminders about application dates
undertake remarketing activity, including building lookalike audiences, to target directly, or to build a retargeting audience in social platforms through paid advertising
link anonymised data with identified data to personalise communication.
Reporting
We use anonymised data (e.g. through Google Analytics) and personal information (e.g. collected from forms) to do things such as:
provide holistic reporting
monitoring and evaluating campaign performance such as reporting on website traffic, web behaviour or total form submissions
analysing and improving site performance.
How to stop receiving communications from us
If you don’t want to receive direct marketing communications from us, you can opt out at any time.
If you don’t opt out, we’ll assume that you’re happy to receive similar communications in the future.
You can opt out:
of email marketing communications by using the ‘manage your preference’ or ‘unsubscribe’ links
of marketing-related SMS messages, by replying or messaging ‘STOP’ to the number provided
by contacting us directly and asking us to update your preferences:
Future students contact page
Current students contact page
.
Accessing your personal information
We take all reasonable steps to ensure your personal information is correct. If the information we have is out of date or wrong, let us know so we can update it.
If you are a current student, you can see and update some contact information in your my.UQ portal, or through a ‘manage your preference’ link in marketing emails.
You can request access to marketing-related personal information that UQ holds about you by using the forms linked below.
Future students contact page
Current students contact page
.
In some cases, depending on the nature of the information, you may need to submit a formal application under the Information Privacy Act 2009. We will notify you if this is the case.
If you wish to access other information that UQ holds about you (i.e. personal information that is not marketing-related), contact the relevant organisational unit, or refer to the
Access to and Amendment of UQ Documents Procedures
.
Further information
For more information about privacy and your right to information, visit our
Right to information and privacy website
, or see our:
Privacy Management Policy
Information Management Policy
.
Sub-policy 2
https://policies.uq.edu.au/document/view-current.php?id=4:
Jump to Navigation
Jump to Content
Menu
Home
PPL home
Browse A-Z
Search
Student hot topics
Bulletin board
FAQ
Contact
Policy and Procedure Library
> Document > Privacy Management Policy
View current
Current Version
Status and Details
Associated Information
Historical Versions
Future Versions
Print
Privacy Management Policy
Hide Navigation
Section 1 - Purpose and Scope
Purpose
Scope
Legal Context
Section 2 - Principles and Key Requirements
Information Privacy Principles
Access and Amendment of Personal Information
Privacy Complaints
Privacy Breaches
Section 3 - Roles, Responsibilities and Accountabilities
UQ Staff
Managers of Organisational Units
Right to Information and Privacy Office
Section 4 - Monitoring, Review and Assurance
Section 5 - Recording and Reporting
Section 6 - Appendix
Definitions
This is the current version of the approved document. You can provide feedback on this document to the Enquiries Contact - refer to the Status and Details tab from the menu bar above.
Section 1 - Purpose and Scope
Purpose
(1)
As a statutory body established by the
University of Queensland Act 1998 (Qld) (UQ Act)
, The University of Queensland (UQ) is subject to various State, Commonwealth and international legislative requirements (relevant privacy laws) in relation to how it collects, stores, provides access to, uses and discloses personal information.
(2)
This Policy outlines UQ’s obligations and expectations regarding the management of personal information in accordance with relevant privacy laws.
Scope
(3)
This Policy applies to all staff.
Legal Context
(4)
As a public university established under Queensland law, UQ’s privacy obligations are primarily governed by Queensland’s
Information Privacy Act 2009 (IP Act)
and its eleven Information Privacy Principles (IPPs). At various times, and with respect to certain information, UQ may also have privacy obligations under other jurisdictions as outlined below.
Commonwealth
Privacy Act 1988
and the Australian Privacy Principles
(5)
UQ is generally not an “agency” nor an “organisation” for the purposes of the
Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act)
, and is generally not subject to the Privacy Act, the
Australian Privacy Principles (APPs)
or the requirements of the Notifiable Data Breach Scheme (NDB Scheme).
(6)
However, limited circumstances in which UQ is subject to the NDB Scheme include:
the handling of Tax File Numbers;
the handling of information (metadata) retained under section 187A of the
Telecommunications (Interception and Access) Act 1979
(Cth) (TIA Act); and
where UQ has contractual obligations to comply with the NDB Scheme (e.g. funding agreements which require compliance with the APPs and the NDB Scheme).
(7)
In relation to metadata retained under the TIA Act, UQ is an “organisation” for the purposes of the Privacy Act and is subject to the Privacy Act and its APPs in relation to that metadata.
(8)
In relation to personal information collected under the
Higher Education Support Act 2003
(Cth) and the
VET Student Loans Act 2016
(Cth), UQ must comply with the APPs but is not subject to other Privacy Act obligations (such as the NDB Scheme) in relation to the personal information collected under these Acts.
(9)
The APPs are similar in operation to Queensland’s IPPs.
General Data Protection Regulation (EU)
(10)
UQ may at times be a “data controller”, “joint controller” or “data processor” for the purposes of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
(11)
In limited circumstances UQ may have obligations under the GDPR to the extent that it processes personal data in relation to various “GDPR activities”. “Personal data” as defined under the GDPR may include a broader range of information than “personal information” as defined under the
IP Act
and the
Privacy Act
(refer to section 6).
(12)
UQ is not subject to the GDPR in circumstances where the processing of personal data is not related to a “GDPR activity”, or where UQ does not otherwise have contractual obligations to a data controller with respect to compliance with the GDPR.
Top of Page
Section 2 - Principles and Key Requirements
Information Privacy Principles
(13)
UQ is committed to managing personal information it holds in an open and transparent manner, and in accordance with the Information Privacy Principles. To achieve this, UQ will:
Only collect personal information that is necessary to fulfil, or directly related to fulfilling, a lawful purpose directly related to a function or activity of UQ.
Ensure appropriate notification is provided to (or, where applicable, consent obtained from) an individual when collecting personal information directly from that individual.
Take all reasonable steps to ensure that personal information in its control is protected against:
Loss;
Unauthorised access, use, modification or disclosure; or
Any other misuse.
As appropriate, provide information about the types of documents that contain personal information in the form of a personal information register.
Use and disclose personal information in accordance with the requirements of the IP Act.
Adopt privacy-by-design, and manage privacy risks proactively, by undertaking early assessment of privacy impacts and embedding good privacy practices into UQ’s business systems development processes and project management processes.
Access and Amendment of Personal Information
(14)
The IP Act provides individuals with the right (subject to certain exemptions and exclusions) to access documents held by UQ that contain the individual’s personal information. The IP Act also provides a right for an individual to request an amendment to UQ documents containing their personal information which the individual considers to be inaccurate, incomplete, out-of-date or misleading.
(15)
UQ also maintains a number of administrative access schemes to facilitate individuals’ access to their personal information outside of the IP Act.
(16)
The
Access to and Amendment of UQ Documents Procedure
outline the processes for accessing and/or amending personal information under the IP Act and UQ’s administrative access schemes.
Privacy Complaints
(17)
An individual that has concerns about how their personal information is being collected, stored, used or disclosed may make a complaint to UQ’s
Right to Information and Privacy Office
. The
Privacy Management Procedure
includes further information about how an individual can make a privacy complaint to UQ and how privacy complaints will be managed.
Privacy Breaches
(18)
UQ takes its privacy and cyber-security obligations very seriously.
(19)
Upon becoming aware of an actual or suspected privacy breach, UQ staff must report it as soon as possible to UQ’s
Right to Information and Privacy Office
or
Information Technology Services (ITS)
. UQ will respond to actual or suspected privacy breaches in a timely fashion in accordance with its policies, procedures and processes.
(20)
UQ will notify privacy regulators and affected individuals of privacy breaches in accordance with its legislative obligations, and with due regard to applicable guidelines published by the relevant regulators.
Top of Page
Section 3 - Roles, Responsibilities and Accountabilities
UQ Staff
(21)
All UQ staff are responsible for:
handling personal information in accordance with this Policy; and
notifying UQ’s Right to Information and Privacy Office or ITS of actual or suspected privacy breaches as soon as possible.
Managers of Organisational Units
(22)
In addition to the responsibilities set out in clause 21, Managers of UQ Organisational Units are responsible for:
reviewing the Unit’s personal information holdings and taking steps to ensure that any personal information held within the Organisational Unit is protected from unauthorised access, modification, use or disclosure; and
assisting and supporting the investigation of any privacy complaints and/or breaches of this Policy.
Right to Information and Privacy Office
(23)
UQ’s Right to Information and Privacy Office is responsible for:
providing advice and leadership in relation to privacy compliance across UQ;
receiving, processing and responding to privacy complaints and requests to access or amend UQ documents containing an individual’s personal information;
where applicable, reporting privacy breaches to the relevant Information Commissioner or privacy regulator, and providing advice to business units on notifying individuals affected by privacy breaches; and
providing sufficient training opportunities and awareness-raising materials to enable UQ staff to meet their obligations under this Policy.
Top of Page
Section 4 - Monitoring, Review and Assurance
(24)
UQ’s Right to Information and Privacy Office will monitor, review and provide assurance on the effectiveness of this Policy and the operational procedures in place to implement its principles.
Top of Page
Section 5 - Recording and Reporting
(25)
UQ’s Right to Information and Privacy Office will oversee UQ’s reporting obligations to management and government authorities as required under the IP Act and other relevant privacy laws.
Top of Page
Section 6 - Appendix
Definitions
Term
Definition
Affiliates
Academic title-holders, visiting academics, Emeritus Professors, adjunct and honorary title-holders, Industry Fellows and conjoint appointments.
GDPR Activity
Any activity or function of UQ where the processing of personal data is:
•  undertaken in the context of the activities of a UQ establishment in the EU; or
•  connected with the offering of goods or services to individuals in the EU; or
•  connected with monitoring the behaviour of individuals in the EU.
Personal Data (GDPR)
Any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person).
Personal Information
• (for the purposes of the
IP Act
) information or an opinion, including information or an opinion forming part of a database, whether true or not, and whether recorded in a material form or not, about an individual whose identity is apparent, or can reasonably be ascertained, from the information or opinion;
• (for the purposes of the
Privacy Act
) information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether the information or opinion is true or not, and whether the information or opinion is recorded in a material form or not;
• (for the purposes of the
TIA Act
) information kept under Part 5-1A of the TIA Act which relates to (a) an individual, or (b) to a communication to which an individual is party.
Privacy Breach
a. UQ’s breach of a relevant privacy law; or
b. loss or unauthorised disclosure of, or unauthorised access to, personal information or personal data where UQ has obligations or liabilities in relation to the loss, unauthorised disclosure or unauthorised access; or
c. UQ’s breach of, or liability arising under, a contract or other arrangement with a third party where the breach or liability relates to personal information or personal data; or
d. a person’s breach of a relevant privacy law where the breach relates to personal information or personal data connected with a contract or other arrangement between UQ and that and/or any other person(s); or
e. a third party’s breach of or liability arising under a contract or other arrangement with UQ where the breach or liability relates to personal information or personal data.
Privacy Complaint
A complaint from an individual that UQ has not complied with its obligations under relevant privacy laws with respect to that individual’s personal information or personal data.
Processing of Personal Data
The “processing” of personal information/data means any operation/s performed on personal information/data, including (but not limited to) collection, storage and organisation, retrieval, use, disclosure, erasure and/or destruction.
Staff
• members of the UQ Senate;
• all UQ employees, including continuing, fixed-term, research (contingent funded) and casual employees;
• persons acting in an honorary or voluntary capacity for or at UQ, including work experience students; and
• affiliates.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.legislation.qld.gov.au/view/html/asmade/act-2009-014:
Skip to main content
Site header
About
Site map
Related links
Contact us
Help
Search
Site navigation
Home
In force legislation
Acts as passed
SL as made
Bills
Repealed legislation
Legislative tables
Notifications
Information
Historical information
Search
Feedback
About
Site map
Related links
Contact us
Help
Loading..
Subordinate legislation
Legislative history
Search
PDF
A
Minister:
Attorney-General and Minister for Justice and Minister for Integrity
Agency:
Department of Justice
Results:
Document Types=""
match 0 of 0 provisions
Previous Hit
Next Hit
Return to search results
0 hits in page:
First
Last
Information Privacy Act 2009
Loading..
Loading..
Site footer
You are now being redirected to the website of LitSupport Pty Ltd to purchase commercially printed copies of legislation.
Don't ask next time, just continue
You are leaving the OQPC website. If you experience any problems            on the LitSupport website or have any questions about purchasing printed            legislation, please contact LitSupport
www.litsupport.com.au
Sub-policy 4
https://governance-risk.uq.edu.au/rtip:
Skip to menu
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Right to Information & Privacy
Right to Information
Privacy
Staff Resources (UQ Login)
Applications
RTI & Information Privacy access applications
Information Privacy amendment applications
Applications for review of decisions
Access to information outside of the RTI Act
Other Information
Personal Information Register
Information Asset Register
Publication Scheme
Disclosure Log
Student Privacy at UQ
Staff Privacy at UQ
Privacy Complaints
Contact Us