Home
Food Intolerances
Natural Food Guide
OxiPur
Articles
About us
Press
Blog
Ideas mobilized
Home
Food Intolerances
Natural Food Guide
OxiPur
Articles
About us
Press
Blog
Data protection policy (Apps)
Responsible contact
Responsible according to Art. 4 Abs. 7 GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) is the Baliza GmbH, Südwestpark 92, 90449 Nürnberg. Register court: Amtsgericht Nürnberg HRB 27209.
What kind of personal data is being collected?
We respect your privacy, therefore, the use of our apps is anonymous. We do not create user profiles and do not allow other people to access your data. When you use our app Apple and Google gather anonymous statistical data that can be accessed by us through their app store platforms. Apple allows you to object the collection of this data.
When you contact us via e-mail, you submit personal data. We store your e-mails and all contained information (e.g. name, e-mail address, telephone number) only for the purpose of answering your inquiries and to fulfill legal requirements. We will delete your e-mails as soon as they are no longer needed. We do not share your personal information. If you revoke your consent to the storage of your data, we will, of course, immediately delete your personal data, unless the deletion precludes mandatory statutory retention periods.
What are the purposes of processing data?
We only collect data that is necessary to ensure a correct function of our apps and that is necessary to answer your support queries (legal basis Art. 6(1), f) GDPR). We fully respect your privacy and do neither evaluate personalized data nor allow other people to access data.
HealthKit integration
Some of our apps allow you to share nutrition data from your food diary with Apple HealthKit. This feature requires you to enable the option for sharing data with Apple Health first. We access your data solely for the purpose of transferring it to Apple Health. We do not store your Apple Health data, and it is not disclosed to third parties. Sharing data is optional. If the option is inactive, no data will be transferred to HealthKit. This does not limit the functionality of the app in any way.
External contents
Our apps are distributed over the iTunes App Store from Apple and the Play Store from Google. During the installation and usage of our apps some data is transferred to Apple Inc. and Google Inc., respectively. We have no influence on the data collected by Google and Apple and therefore want to refer you to their data privacy guidelines:
Google Data Protection Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Google Opt-Out: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
Apple Data Protection Policy: https://www.apple.com/de/privacy/
The social icons on our website act as simple weblinks and do not share any data unless you decide to follow the links.
What are your rights?
By sending a written request to the address provided in the imprint, you can obtain information about the personal data we hold about you.
You have the following rights concerning the processing of your personal data:
•	Breach of notification
•	Right of access
•	Right to be forgotten
•	Right to restriction of processing
•	Right to rectification
•	Right of data portability
Right to object (acc. art. 21 GDPR)
The data subject shall have the right to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1), including profiling based on those provisions. The controller shall no longer process the personal data unless the controller demonstrates compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal data with a supervisory authority.
Responsible authority:
Der Bayerische Landesbeauftragte für den Datenschutz (BayLfD)
Postfach 22 12 19
80502 München
https://www.datenschutz-bayern.de/
How can I get in touch with the data protection officer?
Our company does not need a data protection officer, as no employee is permantly working with personalized data. For general inquiries please contact our company management.
The data protection policy for our website can be found
here
.
© 2011-2025 Baliza GmbH -
Legal info & privacy
-
German Website