Privacy Policy
Updated on: 9/1/2015
In this Privacy Policy, you can find out how The Beautiful Weather Corporation (“The Beautiful Weather Corporation”/”we”/”us”/”our”) collects, uses and discloses your information. This Privacy Policy is applicable to any data collected when you use our mobile applications, websites and other services and products (referred to from hereafter as “Services”), or during other interactions or communications you may have with us.
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time. We will notify users of such changes when they occur by updating the “Updated on” date at the top of this page or by notifying users directly through our Services. You are encouraged to review our Privacy Policy before you use our Services or interact with us in any other way, and to keep yourself informed about measures you can take to help protect your privacy and our information and data collection practices.
Your Choices
Mobile Device Information
Our mobile applications contain certain features that require access to some of your device’s native applications. For example, our mobile applications may need to access your device’s native calendar application in order to provide weather forecasts based on your calendar events. You may choose to use these features, and we will ask you for your consent prior to accessing your device’s native applications and collecting data through these applications. At any time, you may change the settings on your device to revoke your consent.
Location Information
Upon your first launch of one of our mobile applications that uses location information, that application will ask you for your consent to the collection and use of this information through the application. The use and collection of such information is always subject to your consent, and even if you initially consent, you may change the settings on your device to subsequently stop the collection of this information at any time. However, by doing so, our mobile applications or features within these applications may no longer function as intended. You can also follow the standard uninstall process to remove our applications from your mobile device, which can also stop our collection of location data.
Alerts and Push Notifications
We reserve the right to send administrative or technical alerts or push notifications to your mobile device. You reserve the right to change your device’s notification settings at any time in order to deactivate these messages.
Data Collection
Automatic Collection of Data
We automatically collect certain data from you when you access or use any of our Services, including:
Mobile Device Data:
We collect data about the type of mobile device you use to access and use our Services. This information includes the hardware model, operating system and version, mobile network data, unique identifiers (e.g. your Advertising Identifier, also known as “IDFA”), and any information pertaining to your use of our mobile applications. With your consent, our Services may also access some of your device’s native applications (e.g. your device’s native calendar application), which enable your use of specific features on the Services. Please scroll down to the “Your Choices” section above for more detailed instructions on how you can control our access to native applications on your device.
Location Data:
When you use or access one of our mobile applications or consent to the use of this information to the Services in some other way, we may collect data on your device’s location. Please see the “Your Choices” section for further information.
Usage Data:
We collect certain usage data from you when you access our Services, such as information about the pages and screens you look at, the page you last visited before accessing our Services, what day and time you access and use our Services, the links you click on, your browser information, and your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address.
Data Usage
We may use your data for a variety purposes. These include:
Providing, maintaining, and improving our own Services;
Providing customer service, including answering any questions, comments, and requests you send us;
Sending you notifications associated with our Services, which may include notifications, administrative messages, or technical assistance;
Providing advertisements, features, and other content to line up with user interests, as well as improving and personalizing our Services; and
Protecting the rights and property of The Beautiful Weather Corporation, our users, and others by preventing, detecting, and investigating fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities;
Collecting marketing data to monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities associated with our Services;
Executing any other purpose that requires the collection of information.
The Beautiful Weather Corporation is based in the United States; therefore, the data we collect is subject to U.S. law. Whenever you access and use our Services or providing us with your data in any other way, you consent to the transfer and processing of your personal information to and within the United States and other countries, where you may not be subject to same rights as you are under local law in your own location.
Sharing of Data
We reserve the right to share the data we collect about your access to our Services as follows:
With consultants, vendors, and other service providers that require access to this type of data to perform services or carry out other work on our behalf;
With third parties for analytics or marketing purposes. These purposes may include things like providing advertisements, content, or features that align with your preferences or offering services or physical products that you may be interested in;
During negotiations for any financing, merger, acquisition of all or part of our business by a third party, or sale of company assets;
To protect the property, rights, or safety of The Beautiful Weather Corporation, our users, or others in the event that we believe your actions are inconsistent with our terms of use or policies;
With information requests that we believe are in accordance with or required by any applicable regulation, law, or legal process; or
With your own consent.
We may share any de-identified or aggregated data that is related to our Services, which describes any data that cannot be used to identify you beyond reasonable doubt. We may also share data as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
Third Party Advertising and Analytics
We allow third parties to provide analytics for our Services and to provide advertisements on our behalf across the Internet. Such third parties may technologies such as use web beacons and cookies to collect data on your use of our Services and other websites. This data may include unique identifiers, your IP address, the web browser you use, the pages you view, time spent on pages, conversion information, and any links you click. We, as well as others, may use this information to gain a deeper understanding of your online activities, analyze and track data, deliver advertising and content that aligns with your interests on our Services and third party websites, and determine the popularity of our content, among other things.
If you wish to better inform yourself about interest-based ads or your ability to opt out of having your usage data used for certain interest-based advertising purposes, we encourage you to go to
www.aboutads.info/choices
. Apple also offers an option to limit ad tracking on iOS devices, allowing you to opt out of certain interest-based ads on your device. We encourage you to visit
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
for further information on limiting ad tracking on an iOS device.
We also encourage you to visit
http://www.flurry.com/legal-privacy/end-user-opt-out
to inform yourself further on opting out of the usage of your data for certain analytics purposes related to our Services.
Security
The Beautiful Weather Corporation takes fair measures to help protect your data from theft, misuse, and loss, as well as unauthorized disclosure, access, destruction, or alteration.
Contact Us
Feel free to contact us at
support@thebeautifulweathercorp.com
with any questions, concerns, or comments regarding this Privacy Policy.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.flurry.com/legal-privacy/end-user-opt-out:
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience and analyze site traffic. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it!
Products
Analytics
Events
Segmentation
Audience
User Journeys
Funnels
Push
Crash
Flurry App
Solutions
Acquisition
Attribution
Conversion
Retention
Blog
Support
Login
Sign Up
OOPS, NO DATA
Our Sincere Apologies!
Whatever it is you were looking for, we can't find it here. It's probably our fault, unless you clicked on something you weren't supposed to, which is also our fault.
Start Over