Explore
Songbook
Upload
Get VIP
Login
This Privacy Policy ("
Policy
") explains what information Smule collects when you use our Services, as well as ways we might use or share it and your legal rights. We are committed to protecting the privacy of our users. This Policy doesn’t apply to practices of companies that we do not own or control, including other companies you might interact with on or through the Smule services.
Unless indicated otherwise, our Policy applies to Smule’s website and all of Smule’s mobile software applications (including Smule, Magic Piano, AutoRap, Style Studio) that have been made available on the Smule website or for download (each, an "
App
", and together, the "
Apps
") and any related websites or other online properties owned or controlled by Smule to which this Policy is linked (together with the Apps, the "
Services
").
Please also read the
Terms of Service
which sets out the terms governing the Services, and our
Cookie Policy
which explains our use of cookies and related technologies.
When we say "Smule" (or "
we
", "
us
" and "
our
") we’re referring to Smule, Inc., including any of its subsidiaries.  We’re a global company headquartered in San Francisco. For the purposes of EU data protection law, Smule is a controller of personal data processed in the context of the Services. For California residents, please read the
Privacy Notice for California Residents
.
1. HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
From you, or from other sources at your direction
We collect
basic account information
such as your email address, phone number, username and password. We need this information to create your account in order to provide you with access to our Services. This processing is necessary to provide our Services.
We also obtain or infer demographic information.  We do this based on our legitimate interest in providing you with a personalized experience on our Services.
If you use
Facebook
or
Google
to register for or log in to the Services (or later connect your accounts), you authorize Facebook or Google, as the case may be, to share your personal information with us, including your email address, profile photo, birthday, and publicly available information about you and your Facebook friends, if you use Facebook for signup.
Similarly, if you access the Services with another
third party social network
we will collect information that you have agreed to make available, such as your name, user ID/URL, profile picture, age, birthday, list of friends, email address and/or phone number, and/or your birthday, language selected, and/or geolocation. Third party social network data of this nature helps us pursue our legitimate interest in providing you with a personalized experience on our Services, for example for helping us to provide you with recommendations.
We collect
additional profile information
about you based on your activities on the Services, including when you upload a picture, or add your interests, music genre, skills and what you love. This information enables us to provide recommendations and provide you with personalized Services, in accordance with our legitimate interests.
We have a legitimate interest in gathering information from the actions you take to
recommend
,
create
,
communicate and share content
so that we can work on improving our Services. This includes messages you send, information about the content you create yourself, the people you follow, the songs you mark as favorites or share, and the comments you post. In addition, we track social interactions in our Apps (e.g., what you listened to, what you loved, and your comments and invites).
We use depth based camera data (which may include facial expression mappings) such as those provided by Apple's TrueDepth Camera to create and control video and audio effects in your performances. Facial expression mappings from this data are only used in real time while your camera is active to adapt and synchronize filters and are never stored (on device or remotely), shared with third parties, or used for any purpose other than creating video and audio effects for your performance that you can choose to upload and store.
If you send us
support requests or comments
you may also provide us with additional information to enable us to contact you and address your feedback and we may retain such information to enhance our Services and to respond to you.
Forums
,
message boards
,
blogs and
/
or news groups
may be available to you through the Services. Please remember that any information you post (including in these areas) may become public information and may be removed or addressed if in violation of our
Terms of Service
and
Community Guidelines
. We use publicly available information to help provide our Services. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited responses. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any of your personal information in a public forum, including within our applications, as it may be misused or abused by third parties.
When you purchase a subscription or any virtual coins or other items offered via the Services, you provide our payment processor with your
payment information
. This is necessary to process your payment. We currently use third parties to process such payments but may change that in the future.
To be clear, we don’t ask you to provide us with any
sensitive personal information
, such as information relating to your race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a trade union, physical or mental health, genetic or biometric information, sexual life or sexual orientation. However, if you decide to share this kind of information on Smule Services, you explicitly consent to us displaying it or sharing it in accordance with your selection.
From your browser and device
We collect information from your browser, computer, or mobile device, which provide us with technical information when you use the Services, including:
If you choose to find your friends on Smule, we will
access your contacts
on your device (including contact information your service provider(s) or app automatically added to your address book when you communicated with addresses or numbers not already in your list) and send your contacts to our servers to check if any of them are on the Services or the App you are using. If they are, we’ll suggest you follow them (but whether you do or not is totally up to you). Each time you open the contacts page in the Smule app we’ll automatically re-send the latest version of your contacts to our servers and provide you with an updated list of matches. We delete your contacts from our servers after we’ve checked for any matches.
When you use the Services, we automatically collect certain
log data
, including your IP address, browser type, hardware type, unique device ID, the version of your operating system and your activity within the Services. We use log data for security purposes (such as preventing content from being improperly accessed) and to improve our Services (such as enhancing site performance in certain regions).
We receive
device identifiers
like Apple’s IDFA, IDFV and Google’s AdID. These are principally used for online advertising and marketing purposes.
We
access geo-location information from your mobile device
. This helps us share where you are in the world, provide locations to your posts and content, and display local activities and content based on your current location. It also helps us to send you relevant messages based on where you live. You can control the collection of geo-location information through your device.
We use
cookies
, which deposit small data files stored on your computer or mobile device, and other similar technologies like software development kits ("SDKs") or third party libraries. We use cookies to distinguish you, identify your interests and your account and its status and settings, to collect usage data, keep track of your preferences and deliver content specific to your interests. For example, we use cookies to remember your volume settings, language settings, search history, account type and the last time you checked or updated your feed. Our advertising partners may use cookies and similar technologies to identify and deliver content and advertising specific to your interests, to track the effectiveness of such advertising and to provide and analyze their services.  When you first access our Services, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies. We will offer you the choice to “Accept Cookies” or “Manage Cookies”. If you choose to “Manage Cookies” you will be presented with a list of the different categories of cookies which we use, and you may select the purposes for which you consent to the use of cookies. You can subsequently control your cookie choices via "Manage Cookies" link in
Cookie Policy
page. You may also control the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. However, please be aware that if you block cookies you won't have access to many features that may make your browsing of our website and use of our Services smoother, and some of our Services may not function properly.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use the information we have to help us provide, operate, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services.
In order to register for a Smule account, we need certain information about you.
We may use your email address and/or phone number to send you information about the Services, provide customer support or to notify you of additional Smule products and services, where permitted by applicable law. You may use your account settings to unsubscribe from notifications from Smule.
We may use personal information from our Smule App to improve your experience in other Apps: we seek to integrate our Services.
We use personal information to learn about your use of the Service and to enhance your social experience when using the Services, such as friend-to-friend interaction and notifications, chat, or messaging functionality, public leader boards, head-to-head competition and other similar features. We use personal information to try to show you social content that we think will be of most interest to you.
We try to continuously improve our Services and your experience. As part of this, we use personal information we collect to identify ways to make our Services better and more engaging for our users. We use your interactions on the Services, along with the other data described in this policy, to infer your interests. We do this to identify and suggest content that you may like and to tailor advertising, including off-site advertising.
We use data to identify and respond to potential risks to our users and Services (e.g., spammers, phishing attempts, screen scraping, bullying and other violations of our
Terms of Service
and
Community Guidelines
).
In limited situations, we share de-identified content and information with researchers for educational research purposes.
If you choose to provide us with your list of friends on a third party social network or a mobile device, your friends on such network can automatically follow you when you use the Services and your Smule account can be automatically configured to follow your friends. You can, however, unfollow any other user on Smule at any time.
We promote our Services via customized advertising on third party sites. We may use your personal information to target advertising, in accordance with our legitimate interests; including to design advertising campaigns designed to reach individuals with similar profiles to existing Smule users.
We use your personal information for customer relationship management (CRM) purposes, including for targeting email and other engagement campaigns
We sometimes conduct or sponsor surveys and contests. Participation in surveys and contests is completely voluntary. If you elect to participate, we may ask you for contact, demographic, and other information and may ask you to agree to additional terms and conditions.
We use log data, such as device identifiers, to recognize you and / or your devices across different Smule applications. We do so in order to enhance your experience by providing you with seamless access to another Smule application by identifying you and making your content available on both applications.
We may use your age to ensure children’s privacy and protection in accordance with applicable regulations.
3. INFORMATION YOU AND WE SHARE
Smule is designed to help you share your performances around the world. Most of the information you provide us through your use of the Services is information you are asking us to make public. You share your information as you use and communicate through our Services, and we share your information to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services.
Account Information
. Your phone number, profile name and photo, bio, status, last seen status, and receipts may be available to anyone who uses our Services, although you can configure your settings to manage whether certain information is available to other users and businesses with whom you communicate.
Your Content
. Your content is published in accordance with your privacy settings. Content is public by default. For information about how to change your privacy settings with respect to content or how to delete content from the Services, see the frequently asked questions at
www.smule.com/support
. If you comment on any content on the Services, your comments will be public and available to other users of the Services. In certain cases, you may choose to create recordings with other Smule users. In such cases, it is important to remember that you create the content together with another user or group of users as a collective. As an individual user within the collective, it is difficult if not impossible to undo the creation. So, if you create a collaboration with another Smule user, you won’t be able to change or delete their recorded performances included in that collaborative work. In addition, in such cases, or if you choose to make or contribute to a live performance, other users will be able to record and share that content.
Your Contacts and Others
. Users and businesses with whom you communicate may store or re-share your information (including your messages) with others on and off our Services.
We may share information about you or your use of the Services with
our advertisers and third party advertising partners
. This means that, in accordance with our legitimate interests, we may give our advertisers information about the characteristics of our users, along with sharing certain identifiers and/or location information, but we do not specifically identify you by name or share your contact information. Third parties can use this data to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you, in order to enhance your experience on our Service, or to assess the effectiveness and reach of advertising campaigns.
We work with
Google Analytics
which collects information such as how often users visit our website, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the website. You may opt-out of Google Analytics tracking with the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.
Third-Party Service Providers
. We work with third-party service providers to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services. When we share your information with third-party service providers, we require them to use your information on our behalf in accordance with our instructions and terms.
Any information in your public profile
(e.g., your username and any profile image, location or additional information that you provide as part of your Public Profile, but not your phone number, or email address) will be accessible by other users of the Services. Content that you create through or upload to the Services will by default be public and available to users of the Services. For information about how to change your privacy settings with respect to content or how to delete content from the Services, see the frequently asked questions at www.smule.com/support.
We may publicly disclose
aggregated statistics
(like what musical genres are popular in a certain city).
We may use any recording, video and/or other
content
you create and post in the Services in order to promote Smule or our Services.
We may share some or all of your information in connection with, or during negotiation of, any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, information may also be transferred as a business asset.
4. How we respond to law enforcement requests
In certain circumstances, we may preserve and disclose your information to regulators, law enforcement, or others. We will only do this if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so in connection with any legal investigation or legal complaint, or by law or regulation, including in response to a court order, subpoena, regulatory requirement or other legal demand or request or if we believe in good faith that it is reasonably necessary to protect the safety of any person, to address fraud, security or technical issues, to protect Smule's rights or property, and/or to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or our Terms of Service.
5. OUR LEGAL BASES FOR COLLECTING, USING, SHARING AND OTHERWISE PROCESSING YOUR INFORMATION
For the purposes of EU law, Smule relies on a number of legal bases to collect, use, share, and otherwise process the information we have about you for the purposes described in this Policy. These legal bases include:
Certain processing is
necessary
to provide the Services in accordance with the
Terms of Service
. For example, we need to disseminate your content to provide our Service. We need basic contact information in order to register you for a Smule account and to share content on Smule, which is at the heart of our Service;
Where you have consented to certain processing. For example we may send you marketing messages if you have consented to receiving them, or we may ask you if you want to take part in voluntary surveys or contests. You may revoke that consent at any time;
For Smule to comply with a
legal obligation
, a court order, or to exercise and defend legal claims, to
protect your vital interests or those of others
, or where the processing is necessary in the public interest. For example, we may share data where we are required by law to do so; and
Some processing is necessary because it is in Smule’s or a third party’s legitimate interests, such as those of visitors, members or partners.
Our legitimate interests
We process your information in furtherance of the following legitimate interests:
Keeping the Services safe and secure
: We use your information to try and keep our Services safe and secure. We do so as it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests, the interests of our community and yours, in ensuring Smule is secure, and to protect against fraud, spam, misuse and abuse. For example, we process your information to protect you and Smule from malicious scraping of our website by those seeking to download music and recordings. We also want to protect against hackers who try to access content.
Providing our Services
: We use your information to provide the Services, including any personalized services. We do so as it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests in providing an innovative and tailored offering to our users on a sustained basis and to provide stable connectivity. For example, where there is poor connectivity in an area or neighborhood, users can experience difficulty in downloading/uploading content. In that case, Smule needs to process log data, including your IP address, to troubleshoot the issue. Without your IP address and location info, it can be hard to fix connectivity issues.
Learning how we can improve your experience on our Services
, and contributing to research: We work hard to develop, enhance and improve our Services, such as by providing better song recommendations. We also share data with researchers to contribute to academic research. Where we contribute to academic research, we take into account your rights and ensure that protections are in place with respect to your information.
6. MANAGING AND DELETING YOUR INFORMATION
We offer the ability to correct or update the information collected during registration via your account settings on our website or the applicable App or by contacting support via our
online support form
and we rely on the accuracy of the information you provide us (such as your age). You may delete your account through the profile settings in the mobile app(s). Alternatively, you may request deletion of your account by contacting support via our
online support form
. For additional options and more details on account deletion, please visit our
Account deletion guide
.
We retain your information in our server logs, our databases and our records only for as long as necessary in light of the purposes set out in this Policy, subject to any legal obligations to further retain such information. We may use third party service providers to store and maintain such data. We retain your verification-related information for a reasonable period of time, even if you do not complete all verification steps, to assist with future verifications and to prevent abuse of our verification processes. If you decide not to verify the account and would like us to delete the verification information you provided, contact support via our
online support form
.
If you create content with other users their recorded performances included in such group content will remain after you delete your account.
7. YOUR RIGHTS
If you reside in certain territories, including the European Economic Area, you benefit from a number of rights in relation to your information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited cases. We describe these rights below in a summary format, but mandated applicable law shall govern.
Access and Porting
. You can access much of your information by logging into your account. Where legally required, we can provide you with a copy of all of your information which we hold upon your request. Note that, in accordance with applicable law, information will not be provided where doing so would adversely affect the rights (including the intellectual property rights) of others.
Change
,
Restrict
,
Limit
,
Delete
. You can also change, restrict, limit or delete much of your information by logging into your account. If you cannot do this, or you do not have a Smule account, contact support via our
online support form
. We may retain certain information as required by applicable law.
Object
. If we process your information based on our legitimate interests explained above, or in the public interest, you can object to this processing in certain circumstances. In such cases, we will cease processing your information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons. If you live in the European Economic Area, you also have a general right to object to the use of your information for direct marketing purposes.
Revoke consent
. Where you have previously provided your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your information at any time. For example, you can withdraw your consent to email marketing by following the link provided in a marketing email. You can also revoke any consent you have provided to our use of your geo-location information by changing the setting on your mobile device. If you withdraw your consent to the use of your information for purposes set out in this Policy, you may not have access to all (or any) of our Services and we might not be able to provide you all (or any) of the Services. In certain cases, we may continue to process your information after you have withdrawn consent if we have a legal basis to do so or if your withdrawal of consent was limited to certain processing activities.
Lodge a Complaint
. If you reside in the European Economic Area, should you wish to raise a concern about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local data protection authority.  Additionally, we have appointed a Data Protection Office (“DPO”). To contact our DPO, please email dpo@smule.com.
8. SECURITY
We maintain technical and organizational measures to protect against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to your information.
We endeavor to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risks that are presented by the processing, having all due regard to the state of the art, the costs of implementation and the nature, scope, context and purposes of the processing as well as the risk to users. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its security.
You can learn more about the steps you can take to help keep your Smule account secure
here
.
9. DATA TRANSFERS
When you use our Services your personal information is transferred to the United States, where the laws protecting privacy may be less stringent than those in your home country. We’re a US company, based in San Francisco, so this transfer is necessary for the performance of our Terms of Service. In certain cases, your data may be transferred to other countries or made available to users in other countries as part of the Services.
In certain cases, we may use a legal mechanism known as "standard contractual clauses" to protect information transferred outside the EU. Standard contractual clauses refer to contracts between companies transferring personal information that contain standard commitments approved by the EU Commission protecting the privacy and security of the information transferred. You can contact us to learn more and to request a copy of any clauses which may relate to your data.
10. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our Services are intended for general audiences, and are not intended for anyone under 13, anyone under 16 in the European Economic Area and California, or anyone under the minimum age to use the Services in the jurisdiction where they reside ("Minimum Age"). Persons under the Minimum age are prohibited from using our Services and we do not knowingly collect information from such individuals. If we become aware that a child under the Minimum Age has provided us with their information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child's account, unless proper parental consent is delivered to Smule. Smule does not have actual knowledge that we have sold or shared the personal information of users under 13 years of age. If we become aware that we have the information of such children collected through the Services, we will promptly delete it. Smule has shared information of children under 16 years of age, but at least 13 years of age, when permitted by applicable local laws and regulations.
If you have concerns about a minor who you believe to be using our Services, please contact us using our
online support form
.
11. RESIDENTS OF VIRGINIA, COLORADO, CONNECTICUT, AND UTAH
Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah also have adopted privacy laws that give consumers certain rights, including the right to confirm whether controllers are processing the consumer’s personal data, the right to access that data, the right to obtain a copy of that data, the right to correct inaccuracies in that data, and the right to delete that data.  Please see section 7 titled “Your Rights” for information on how you can exercise these rights.
These four states have adopted rights to opt out of: (1) targeted advertising; (2) the sale of personal data; and (3) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. To opt out of targeted advertising and sales, please click on this
link
.
12. GLOBAL PRIVACY CONTROL SIGNALS
Certain web browsers support a Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) signal.  To download and use a browser supporting the GPC browser signal, please visit https://globalpriacycontrol.org/orgs.  When we receive a GPC signal from a browser, we respond by disabling cookies other than those needed for the functioning of the website.  These necessary cookies include cookies needed to ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug; technically deliver ads or content; match and combine offline data sources; link different devices; and receive and use automatically-sent device characteristics.  For browsers that have the GPC signal turned on, we will not disclose personal information obtained during that browsing session for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising. Please note that you can disable the Google Analytics JavaScript from sending information to Google Analytics by adding the Google Analytics Opt-Out Add-On browser plug-in.
13. CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments or if you would like to exercise any statutory rights, please contact us via our
online support form
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.smule.com/privacy/california:
Explore
Songbook
Upload
Get VIP
Login
Effective Date:
September 14, 2023
Last reviewed on:
September 14, 2023
This
Privacy Notice For California Residents
supplements the information contained in Smule’s Privacy Policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California ("consumers" or "you"). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) and any terms defined in the CPRA have the same meaning when used in this notice. Any capitalized terms not defined herein or in the CPRA have the meaning provided in the Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
Our Services collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device ("
personal information
"). In particular, the Services have collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months. The specific information collected from each category below is detailed in Section 1 of the Privacy Policy.
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers
A real name, alias, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
Yes
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, or any financial information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Yes
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information.
Yes, but only if a user has chosen to share that information
D. Commercial information.
Records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Yes
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information.
No
F. Internet or other similar network activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Yes
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location.
Yes
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information.
Yes
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
Yes, if you apply for employment with Smule or you are a Smule employee
J. Non - public education information(per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C.Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R.Part 99)).
Education records.
Yes, if you apply for employment with Smule or you are a Smule employee
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
No
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CPRA's scope, like:
Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
Personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
Smule obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the sources described in Section 1 of the Privacy Policy.
Sources of Personal Information
We collect personal information from the sources identified in Section 1 of the Privacy Policy.  For job applicants and employees at Smule, we also collect information as part of the application process, for example through the resume, CV, and/or cover letter you provide us as part of your application for employment and information you provide us during conversations and interviews with us in connection with your application for employment.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the business purposes described in Section 2 of the Privacy Policy. Please see the Notice at Collection for California residents below for additional details concerning how we use your personal information.
Smule will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Disclosures of Personal Information to Service Providers
Smule may disclose your personal information to a service provider for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company has disclosed the following categories of personal information to service providers for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.
Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category D: Commercial information.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.
Category G: Geolocation data.
Category H: Sensory data.
We disclose personal information for the business purposes described in Sections 3 and 4 of the Privacy Policy.
Sales and Sharing of Personal Information for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Smule has not sold personal information for monetary consideration.  We may share, and during the preceding 12 months we have shared, the following categories of personal information about California consumers for cross-context behavioral advertising (which also may be classified as a “sale” of personal information under California law):
Category of Personal Information Shared: Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as information regarding a consumer’s interaction with our websites, applications, or advertisements.
Categories of Third Parties Shared: Digital advertising platforms, such as those offered by Meta Platforms, Inc. or Google LLC.
Purpose of Sharing: To provide advertising that is targeted to the interests of our consumers.
We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of persons under 16.  As discussed below, the Websites are not intended for children under the age of 16 and if you are under age 16, you must not use or provide any information on the Websites.
Smule does not sell or share sensitive personal information for any purpose outside the exemptions identified in the CPRA regulations.
Your Rights and Choices
The CPRA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CPRA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that Smule disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you(also called a data portability request).
If we disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, disclosing:
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that Smule delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny some or all of your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Change or Correct Personal Data
You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will change or correct (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by using our online support form.
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to confirm receipt of your request within 10 days, as well as provide general information about how the business will process the request.  We also endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt.The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CPRA rights. Unless permitted by the CPRA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CPRA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CPRA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
California Notice at Collection
California law requires businesses to provide users with timely notice about the categories of personal information to be collected, the purposes for which the personal information is collected or used, and whether that information is sold or shared. This Notice at Collection also describes the personal information that Smule collects as part of our recruiting and hiring process, as well as how we use, share, and retain that information. We have described in detail in our Privacy Policy the personal information that we collect, how we use and disclose it, but provide the following additional disclosure:
Information we collect
: We have collected the following categories of personal information within the past 12 months: (1) identifiers, (2) personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute, (3) protected classification characteristics under California or federal law, (4) Commercial information, (5) Internet or other similar network activity, (6) geolocation data, (7) sensory data, (8) professional or employment-related information, (9) non-public education information, and (9) inferences drawn from other personal information.
Purpose of collecting the information
: We collect the above information in order to manage your account, provide customer support, notify you of additional Smule products and services, improve your experience on Smule or in other Apps, enhance your social experience, improve our Services and your experience, promote our Services via customized advertising on third party cites, for customer relationship management purposes, to recognize you across devices, and for the safety and security of our Services.
For job applicants and employees at Smule only
: We also collect certain additional information such as professional or employment-related information and non-public education information to execute and improve hiring and recruitment at Smule in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Sources of information
: We obtain the above categories of information personal information directly and indirectly from the information you provide us when signing up for an account and adding information to your profile, from your use of Facebook or Google to log in to the Services, from your accessing the Services through other third-party social networks, from the actions you take recommending, creating, communicating and sharing content in our Services, from your support requests, from your use of our forums, message boards, blogs and/or news groups.
For job applicants and employees at Smule only
: We collect information as part of the application process which includes employment-related and non-public education information that you provide us throughout the hiring process. We collect information that you provide in your resume, CV, and/or cover letter such as identifiers, professional or employment-related information, including your prior work history, and education information, such as where you have gone to school.  We also may collect information from our employment application form, during your conversations and interviews with us in connection with your application for employment, and through information you provide through third-party recruiters and professional networking sites.
Purposes of disclosure
: We share your information to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our services. We share account information you provide us as part of providing our Services, but give users control over whether certain information is available to other users and businesses. We also disclose your content which is published in accordance with your account’s privacy settings. We track the usage of our Services and websites to maintain, promote, and improve those services, for example ensuring that Smule is secure and protected against fraud, spam, misuse, and abuse. We also may share information about you and your use of the Services for advertising purposes, including delivering advertising about services or issues that may be interesting to you. Under California law, this practice is considered to be “sharing” of personal information, but may also be deemed a “sale” of such information in certain circumstances. You can opt-out of this practice by clicking this link.
For job applicants and employees at Smule only
: We may disclose certain data that you provide through the job application and hiring process to comply with government reporting requirements. We may also provide this information to certain service providers such as those that we use to process job applications and applicants and third-party recruiting firms that we use to manage the hiring process, such as LinkedIn.
Retention of information
:
For job applicants and employees at Smule only
: The length of time we retain personal information and sensitive personal information that you submit to us when applying for a job at Smule depends on the outcome of your application. Smule complies with minimum retention periods for this information required by federal and state law. We retain the personal information of applicants who are not offered a position with Smule for four (4) years  following that employment decision. If you become a Smule employee, we will retain your personal information in accordance with our policies regarding the maintenance and preservation of personnel records.
Sensitive Personal Information
: We do not sell your sensitive personal information or share it for purposes of targeted advertising.
For job applicants and employees at Smule only
: During the job application process, you may voluntarily provide us with certain sensitive personal information including your racial or ethnic origin, your gender identity, information concerning your sexual orientation, and health information. We collect information concerning your racial or ethnic origin, your gender identity, and your sexual orientation to help Smule monitor its recruiting programs and comply with certain government reporting obligations. We collect your health information to evaluate the need for reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.
Right to Opt Out of Sale/Sharing
: As described in more detail below, you can opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information by clicking this
link
.
Notice of Right to Opt-Out of Sale/Sharing
We give California residents the right to opt-out of the sale and/or sharing of your personal information that we collect as described above. If you choose to opt-out, Smule will no longer sell your personal information for monetary or other valuable consideration or share your information with a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, as these terms are defined in the CPRA. You can also opt-out of the collection of certain personal information through your browser by disabling cookies; additional information about cookies and how to disable them can be found in our Cookie Policy. You can also disable the Google Analytics JavaScript from sending information to Google Analytics by adding the Google Analytics Opt-Out Add-On browser plug-in. To exercise your option to opt-out of the sale/sharing of your personal information please follow the instructions at this
link
. Certain web browsers support a Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) signal. To download and use a browser supporting the GPC browser signal, please visit https://globalpriacycontrol.org/orgs. When we receive a GPC signal from a browser, we respond by disabling cookies other than those needed for the functioning of the website. These necessary cookies include cookies needed to ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug; technically deliver ads or content; match and combine offline data sources; link different devices; and receive and use automatically-sent device characteristics. For browsers that have the GPC signal turned on, we will not disclose personal information obtained during that browsing session for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
Smule reserves the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice's effective date.
Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which Smule collects and uses your information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us via our
online support form
.