Privacy Policy
We respect the privacy of your personal and corporate information. This Privacy Policy describes how ERPLY collects,
        uses and discloses information, and what choices you have with respect to the information. ERPLY Privacy Policy also
        reflects changes in the new data protection law (GDPR). Under
“ERPLY”
this Privacy Policy refers to ERPLY entity that
        acts as controller or processor of your information, as explained in more detail in the “Identifying the Data Controller
        and Processor” section below.
Applicability Of This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to ERPLY’s retail ERP software, including the associated ERPLY Point-Of-Sale solutions
        (collectively, the
“Services”
), Erply.com and other ERPLY websites (collectively, the
“Websites”
) and other interactions
        with ERPLY (e.g., customer inquiries, conferences, etc.). If you do not agree with the terms, do not access or use the
        Services, Websites or any other aspect of ERPLY’s business.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third party applications or software that integrate with the Services through
        the ERPLY platform (
“Third Party Services”
), or any other third party products, services or businesses. In addition, a
        separate agreement governs the delivery, access and use of the Services (the
“Customer Agreement”
) or other content
        submitted through Services accounts (collectively,
“Customer Data”
). The organization (e.g., your employer or another
        entity or person) that entered into the Customer Agreement (
“Customer”
) controls their instance of the Services (their
“Workspace”
) and any associated Customer Data. If you have any questions about specific Workspace settings and privacy
        practices, please contact the Customer whose Workspace you use.
Information We Collect And Receive
ERPLY may collect and receive Customer Data, other information and data (
“Other Information”
) in a variety of ways. When
        you visit or use our Website or Services in any way, we collect and process different types of information about you:
Customer Data.
Customers or individuals granted access to a Workspace by a Customer (“Authorized Users”) routinely
                submit Customer Data to ERPLY when using the Services. Such information can vary depending on your use of the Website or
                Services. Such information may include your customers or employees personal data such as:
Identity Data
including first name, last name, gender, birthday, username or similar identifier, and titles.
Identification Data
including loyalty card number and national ID code.
Contact Data
including billing address, delivery address, email address, webpage, social media identification, fax, and
                telephone numbers. Such information can also include contact persons and representatives data.
Professional Data
including your authorization level, job title, company information, workplace, and other management
                and sales related data and goals.
Financial Data
including bank, bank account, additional payer person, deadlines, penalties, and credit details. Other
                financial information can include reward points, coupons, and gift cards.
Transaction Data
including details about payments and sales documents to and from you and other details of products and
                services you have purchased from us.
Marketing and Communications Data
including your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and
                your communication preferences with your Customers.
Custom information
which the Authorized User can add to the person via attributes, extra parameters or attached files.
Other Information.
ERPLY also collects, generates and/or receives Other Information:
Log Data
may include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, the date and time the Services were used, User identification,
                and what processing was done. Our servers automatically collect information when you access or use our Websites or
                Services and record it.
Services Metadata
may include logs about features, content, and links you interact with and what Third Party Services
                are used (if any). When an Authorized User interacts with the Services, metadata is generated that provides additional
                context about the way Authorized Users work.
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address, time zone setting, and location, Services extension (“Plug-ins”)
                types and versions, and other technology you use to access for processing purposes of Services.
Profile Data
includes account purchases or orders made by you, your preferences, feedback, communications and survey
                responses, and your login username and password.
Custom information
which can vary depending on extra developed functionalities, active Plug-ins or other Customer
                self-made Plug-Ins and functionalities.
Cookie Information.
ERPLY uses cookies and similar technologies in our Websites and Services that help us collect Other Information. The
                Websites and Services may also include cookies and similar tracking technologies of third parties, which may collect
                Other Information about you via the Websites and Services and across other websites and online services.
Third Party Services.
The customer can choose to permit or restrict Third Party Services. Typically, Third Party Services are software that
                integrates with our Services, and Customer can permit its Authorized Users to enable and disable these integrations for
                their Workspace. Once enabled, the provider of a Third Party Service may share certain information with ERPLY.
                Authorized Users should check the privacy settings and notices in these Third Party Services to understand what data may
                be disclosed to ERPLY. When a Third Party Service is enabled, ERPLY is authorized to connect and access Other
                Information made available to ERPLY in accordance with our agreement with the Third Party Provider.
Third Party Data.
ERPLY may receive data about organizations, industries, Website visitors, marketing campaigns and other matters related
                to our business from parent corporation(s), affiliates and subsidiaries, our partners or others that we use to make our
                own information better or more useful. This data may be combined with Other Information we collect and might include
                aggregate level data.
Additional Information Provided to ERPLY.
We receive Other Information when submitted to our Websites or if you participate in a focus group, contest, activity or
                event, apply for a job, request support, interact with our social media accounts or otherwise communicate with ERPLY.
Generally, no one is under a statutory or contractual obligation to provide any Customer Data or Other Information
        (collectively, “Information”). However, certain Information is collected automatically and, if some Information, such as
        Workspace setup details, is not provided, we may be unable to provide the Services. Moreover, certain information
        provided by Customer to ERPLY can vary depending on the agreed-upon contractual obligations of both parties and hence
        this list of data being processed by ERPLY can differ. ERPLY is not obligated to know about the data which the Customer
        inserts into the ERPLY Services and Websites, and Customer is 100% owner of their data, hence Controller to their data
        and obligated to follow the current Data Protection Law.
Links to Other Websites
Our Websites and Services may, from time to time, contain links to third-party websites. If you follow a link to any of
        those third party websites, please note that those websites have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any
        responsibility or liability for those practices. Please check those policies before you submit any personal data to
        those websites.
Age Limitations
To the extent prohibited by applicable law, ERPLY does not allow the use of our Services and Websites by anyone younger
        than 16 years old. If you learn that anyone younger than 16 has unlawfully provided us with personal data, please
        contact us and we will take steps to delete such information. Insertion of Customer Data containing personal data of
        individuals younger than 16 years old into ERPLY is prohibited without parental or another guardian lawful permission.
How We Use The Information
Customer Data will be used by ERPLY in accordance with Customer’s instructions, including any applicable terms in the
        Customer Agreement and Customer’s use of Services functionality, and as required by Data Protection Law or other
        applicable law. ERPLY is a processor of Customer Data and Customer is the controller.
ERPLY uses Other Information in furtherance of our legitimate interests in operating our Services, Websites, and
        business. More specifically, ERPLY uses Other Information:
To provide, update, maintain and protect our Services, Websites, and business.
This includes the use of Other
            Information to support delivery of the Services under a Customer Agreement, prevent or address service errors, security
            or technical issues, analyze and monitor usage, trends and other activities or at an Authorized User’s request.
As required by applicable law, legal process or regulation.
To communicate with you by responding to your requests, comments, and questions.
If you contact us, we may use your
            Other Information to respond.
To develop and provide additional features.
ERPLY tries to make the Services as useful as possible for specific
            Workspaces and Authorized Users. For example, we may identify organizational trends and insights, to customize a
            Services experience or create new productivity features and products.
To send emails and other communications.
We may send you service, technical and other administrative emails, messages
            and other types of communications. We may also contact you to inform you about changes in our Services, our Services
            offerings, and important Services-related notices, such as security and fraud notices. These communications are
            considered part of the Services and you may not opt out of them. In addition, we sometimes send emails about new product
            features, promotional communications or other news about ERPLY. These are marketing messages so you can control whether
            you receive them.
For billing, account management, and other administrative matters.
ERPLY may need to contact you for invoicing, account
            management and similar reasons and we use account data to administer accounts and keep track of billing and payments.
To investigate and help prevent security issues and abuse.
If Information is aggregated or de-identified so it is no longer reasonably associated with an identified or
        identifiable natural person, ERPLY may use it for any business purpose. To the extent Information is associated with an
        identified or identifiable natural person and is protected as personal data under applicable Data Protection Law, it is
        referred to in this Privacy Policy as
“Personal Data.”
Data Retention
ERPLY will retain Customer Data in accordance with a Customer’s instructions, including any applicable terms in the
        Customer Agreement and Customer’s use of Services functionality, and as required by applicable law. The deletion of
        Customer Data and other use of the Services by Customer may result in the deletion and/or de-identification of certain
        associated Other Information. For more detail, please contact Customer or ERPLY support which contact can be found at
        the bottom of this privacy policy. ERPLY may retain Other Information pertaining to you for as long as necessary for the
        purposes described in this Privacy Policy. This may include keeping your Other Information after you have deactivated
        your account for the period of time needed for ERPLY to pursue legitimate business interests, conduct audits, comply
        with (and demonstrate compliance with) legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
How We Share And Disclose Information
This section describes how ERPLY may share and disclose Information. Customers determine their own policies and
        practices for the sharing and disclosure of Information, and ERPLY does not control how they or any other third parties
        choose to share or disclose Information.
Customer’s Instructions.
ERPLY will solely share and disclose Customer Data in accordance with a Customer’s
            instructions, including any applicable terms in the Customer Agreement and Customer’s use of Services functionality, and
            in compliance with applicable law and legal process.
Displaying the Services.
When an Authorized User submits Other Information, it may be displayed to other Authorized
            Users.
Customer Access.
Owners, administrators, Authorized Users and other Customer representatives and personnel may be able
            to access, modify or restrict access to Other Information.
Third Party Service Providers and Partners.
We may engage third party companies or individuals as service providers or
            business partners to process Other Information and support our business.
Third Party Services.
Customer may enable or permit Authorized Users to enable Third Party Services. When enabled, ERPLY
            may share Other Information with Third Party Services. Third Party Services are not owned or controlled by ERPLY and
            third parties that have been granted access to Other Information may have their own policies and practices for its
            collection and use. Please check the privacy settings and notices in these Third Party Services or contact the provider
            for any questions.
Corporate Affiliates.
ERPLY may share Other Information with its corporate affiliates, parents and/or subsidiaries.
During a Change to ERPLY’s Business.
If ERPLY engages in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization,
            sale of some or all of ERPLY’s assets or stock, financing, public offering of securities, acquisition of all or a
            portion of our business, a similar transaction or proceeding, or steps in contemplation of such activities (e.g. due
            diligence), some or all Other Information may be shared or transferred, subject to standard confidentiality
            arrangements.
Aggregated or De-identified Data.
We may disclose or use aggregated or de-identified Other Information for any purpose.
To Comply with Laws.
If we receive a request for information, we may disclose Other Information if we reasonably believe
            disclosure is in accordance with or required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
To enforce our rights, prevent fraud, and for safety.
To protect and defend the rights, property or safety of ERPLY or
            third parties, including enforcing contracts or policies, or in connection with investigating and preventing fraud or
            security issues.
With Consent.
ERPLY may share Other Information with third parties when we have consent to do so.
Security
ERPLY takes security of data very seriously. ERPLY works hard to protect Other Information you provide from loss,
        misuse, and unauthorized access or disclosure. These steps take into account the sensitivity of the Other Information we
        collect, process and store, and the current state of technology. ERPLY has signed confidentiality agreements with our
        personnel. The personnel will receive training when onboarding and as well as on an ongoing basis. ERPLY transfers your
        data over secure protocols and data is kept only on dedicated environments which ERPLY fully owns at our hosting
        partners. The environment that hosts the ERPLY services maintains multiple certifications, including ISO 27001
        compliance. To learn more about current practices and policies regarding security and confidentiality of the Services,
        please see our Security Practices. Given the nature of communications and information processing technology, ERPLY
        cannot guarantee that Information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise
        in our care, will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others.
How Long Do We Store Your Data?
We store your personal data during the time that you are a Customer of the ERPLY Services, and for up to ten years after
        you cease to be a Customer or User. If you have never been a Customer or registered User of ERPLY, but have consented to
        receive marketing inquiries or other information from ERPLY, we may store your data until you have opted-out from
        marketing subscription. We reserve the right to store or delete your personal data earlier or later than set forth
        herein if required to do so by an applicable law or regulation, including the current Data Protection Law and for the
        exercise or defense of legal claims.
Your Rights
ERPLY is committed to ensuring that you have control and visibility to your personal data and it´s processing. Below is
        a summary of your rights and additional commitments from ERPLY. You may exercise your rights by contacting us at
        dpo(@)erply.com. ERPLY will only process requests from individuals directly associated to ERPLY Services, hence will
        only process requests about Personal Data for which ERPLY is controller party. It is your responsibility to ensure that
        any information you have provided to us is accurate and up-to-date.
The right of Access.
You can request a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
Right to Erasure (‘Right to be Forgotten’).
You have the right to request that your personal data be deleted in certain
        circumstances including:
The personal data are no longer needed for the purpose for which they were initially collected;
You withdraw your provided consent for processing (Only applicable for processing where consent was required);
You object to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds justifying us processing the personal data;
The personal data have been unlawfully processed; or
To comply with a legal obligation.
Right to Restriction of Processing.
You can ask us to restrict the use of your personal data where:
The accuracy of the personal data is contested;
The processing is unlawful but you do not want it erased;
We no longer need the personal data but you require it for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or
The personal data have been unlawfully processed; or
You have objected to the processing and verification as to our overriding legitimate grounds is pending.
We can continue to use your personal data:
Where we have your consent to do so;
For the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims;
To protect the rights of another; or
The personal data have been unlawfully processed; or
For reasons of important public interest.
Right to Data Portability.
Where you have provided personal data to us, you have a right to receive such personal data back in a structured,
        commonly-used and machine-readable format, and to have those data transmitted to a third-party data controller without
        hindrance but in each case only where:
The processing is carried out by automated means; and
The processing is based on your consent or on the performance of a contract with you.
Right to Object.
You have a right to object to the processing of your personal data in those cases where we are processing your personal
        data in reliance on our legitimate interests. In such a case we will stop processing your personal data unless we can
        demonstrate compelling legitimate interests which override your interests. You also have the right to object where we
        are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
If you do not want to receive newsletters, announcements, or other communications and/or services from the ERPLY, please
        do not opt-in for those communications or services at the time of registration. ERPLY only exercises two types of
        consents which of first is required for us to provide Services to Customer and such consent can be only opted-out once
        legal agreement and obligations between ERPLY and the Customer has ended. If Customer has opted-in to direct marketing
        consent, the Customer is given the option to discontinue receiving future communications (i.e., unsubscribe) from ERPLY
        via e-mail. Simply follow the unsubscribe process or directions provided at the bottom of the e-mail.
Automated Decision-Making.
In ERPLY no such functionality exists in our standard Services and we do not exercise any
        automated decision-making for our business or other processes. If any of our Customers exercises such decision-making to
        process the individual´s personal data, such individual should contact the Customer with such requests.
Right to Complain.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Authority, in particular in the
        Member State of your residence, place of work or place of an alleged infringement, if you are unhappy with how we are
        processing your personal data. We will respond to your request in writing, or orally if requested, as soon as
        practicable and in any event not more than one month after receipt of your request. That period may be extended by two
        further months where necessary, taking into account the complexity and number of requests. We will inform you of any
        such extension within one month of receipt of your request. We may request proof of identification to verify your
        request. All requests should be addressed to dpo(@)erply.com.
International Data Transfers Privacy Shield And Contractual Terms
ERPLY keeps all European Customer data in EU data centers only. ERPLY may transfer your Personal Data to countries other
        than the one in which you live. We deploy the following safeguards if ERPLY transfers Personal Data originating from the
        European Union or Switzerland to other countries not deemed adequate under applicable data protection law:
E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield.
To comply with European Union and Swiss data protection laws,
            ERPLY only discloses your data to partners who are certified under the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield and the Swiss-U.S.
            Privacy Shield. These frameworks were developed to enable companies to comply with data protection requirements when
            transferring personal data from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. To learn more about the Privacy
            Shield Program, please see
https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome
European Union Model Clauses.
ERPLY utilizes European Union Model Clauses, also known as Standard Contractual Clauses,
            to meet the adequacy and security requirements for our Customers that operate in the European Union, and other
            international transfers of Customer Data to third-party entities that process your data in countries that don´t have
            implemented same data protection standards with EEA region and hence don´t provide adequate level of protection by it´s
            local legislation.
Data Protection Officer
To communicate with our Data Protection Officer, please email dpo(@)erply.com.
Identifying The Data Controller And Processor
Data protection law in certain jurisdictions differentiates between the “controller” and “processor” of information. In
        general, Customer is the controller of Customer Data. In general, ERPLY is the processor of Customer Data and the
        controller of Other Information. Different ERPLY entities provide the Services in different parts of the world.
Cookies
CHANGE COOKIE SETTINGS
Cookies are small text files sent by us to your computer or mobile device. They are unique to your account or your
        browser. Session-based cookies last only while your browser is open and are automatically deleted when you close your
        browser. Persistent cookies last until you or your browser delete them or until they expire. ERPLY uses use both
        session-based and persistent cookies, of which some may be third-party cookies.
To find out more about cookies, visit this
site
.
How ERPLY uses cookies?
Some cookies are associated with your account and personal information in order to remember that you are logged in and
        other cookies are not tied to your account but are unique and allow us to carry out analytics and customization, among
        other similar things. Cookies can be used to recognize you when you visit a Site or use our Services, remember your
        preferences, and give you a personalized experience that’s consistent with your settings. Cookies also make your
        interactions faster and more secure.
Categories of Use
Description
Authentication
These cookies help us show you the right information and personalize your experience.
Security
Some cookies enable and support our security features, and to detect malicious activity.
Preferences, Features, and Services
Cookies can tell us which language you prefer, your communications preferences, features, insights, and other customized content.
Security
Some cookies tell us how our Sites and Services perform. We also use cookies to understand, improve, and research
            products, features, and services, including creating logs and records when you access our Sites and Services.
Security
We may use cookies to help us deliver marketing campaigns, track their performance, and help us market more effectively
            to users that we and our partners believe may be interested in ERPLY. Similarly, our partners may use cookies to provide
            us with information about your interactions with their services, but the use of those third-party cookies would be
            subject to the service provider’s policies.
Erply cookies
Cookie Name
Cookie Purpose
Expires
Cookie preferences:
gdpr[allowed_cookies], gdpr[consent_types]
The cookie preferences are stored to retain visitor choices in the main cookie banner. This means
                        that the main cookie banner can be minimised on future visits.
One year
Cloudflare:
_cfduid, _cfduid
Set by the Cloudflare service. It is used to improve site speed and performance and does not record
                        any personal information.
6 months
Google reCAPTCHA
CONSENT
Used by Google for cookie consent settings
20 years
NID
Unique ID used to remember preferences.
6 months
SIDCC
Security cookie to protect users data from unauthorised access
3 months
SSID
Used by Google to store user preferences and information.
2 years
1P_JAR
Used by Google to store user preferences and information.
1 month
1P_JAR
Used by Google to store user preferences and information.
1 month
APISID
Used by Google to store user preferences and information.
2 years
HSID
Used by Google to store user preferences and information.
2 years
SAPISID
Used by Google to store user preferences and information.
2 years
Google Analytics:
Google’s
                            privacy policy
Opt out of Google
                            Analytics
_gat_gtag, _gat, _gid, _ga
Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to help us see how
                        our website is used. The data collected by Google Analytics is used to analyse how frequently people
                        visit the Erply website, how the website is found, and which pages are most frequently viewed. This
                        information is used to create an overall picture of website use, and is anonymized before processing
                        and is not linked to any other information we store about you.
The longest lasting cookie expires 2 years after your last visit to the website. Others are deleted
                        6 months, 30 minutes and the moment you close your browser.
Chatlio:
Chatlio Privacy
                            Policy
chatlio_at, chatlio_rt, chatlio_uuid
Chatlio cookie for chat support
How to opt-out from cookies?
In some browsers, you can set up cookie management rules. This means is that you can disallow cookies from sites that
        you don´t trust. If you limit the ability of websites and applications to set cookies, you may worsen your user
        experience, stop having customized settings, and lose the ability to access the services. Browser manufacturers provide
        help relating to cookie management in their products. Such information can be found at:
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Safari (Desktop)
Safari (Mobile)
Android Browser
Opera
Opera Mobile
For other browsers, please consult the documentation that your browser manufacturer provides. Some cookies can be
        opted-out on the third party sites, for example, Google Analytics. For mobile platforms, you can change your device
        settings to control whether you see interest-based marketing ads.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
ERPLY may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Laws, regulations and industry standards evolve, which may make
        those changes necessary, or we may make changes to our business. We will post the changes to this page and encourage you
        to review our Privacy Policy to stay informed. If you disagree with the changes to this Privacy Policy, you should end
        your Services Subscription. Contact the Customer if you wish to request the removal of Personal Data under their
        control.
Contacting ERPLY
Please also feel free to contact ERPLY if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or ERPLY’s practices, or if
        you are seeking to exercise any of your statutory rights. You may contact us at support(@)erply.com for English,
        abi(@)erply.com for Estonian or tuki(@)erply.com for Finnish support.
Hang on tight, we will connect you with our support
We're busier than usual at the moment. Please leave us a message, and we'll get back to you as soon as we can!
Name
E-mail
*
Country
*
United States and Canada
Europe
Africa
Asia
Finland
Australia and New Zealand
Client code
Message
*
Captcha
*
Send Message
Make an appointment
Book a free demo
We use cookies (and other similar technologies) for many purposes, including to improve your experience on our site and
				for ads and analytics. Click "Accept all" to accept these uses. Read more in our
Privacy Policy.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://chatlio.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Home
Terms of Service
Security
Privacy Policy
EU Privacy (GDPR)
DPA
Subprocessors List
Chatlio Privacy Policy
Last Updated: September 2024
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy statement explains our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information. This privacy statement applies to Chatlio LLC dba Chatlio and Roomlio (“Chatlio” and “we”, “us”, “our” etc). References to our “products” in this statement include our websites, apps, software, and services. This statement applies to our products that display or reference this statement, but it does not apply to any products that display or reference a different privacy statement.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect and process personal information about you with your consent and/or as necessary to perform our contractual obligations, provide our services, meet our legal obligations, protect the security of our systems, or fulfill other legitimate interests.
Information you provide directly
. If you are a customer or partner of Chatlio, we typically collect the personal information necessary to carry out our relationship with you, such as your name and contact information. We collect billing and payment information where appropriate, and retain only the last four digits of the credit card, as well as authorization or validation tokens. As a Chatlio customer, you may also choose to provide additional information about your own customers (“visitors”) using our API.
Information we collect automatically
. When you visit our website, as further described in the Cookies and Similar Technologies section below, or when you use our products, some information is collected automatically. For example, our web servers automatically log your computer’s operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language, the website you visited before our site, and your activity on our website. We also collect information about your visitors necessary to provide the Chatlio service, such as visitor IP address, user agent, current page information, and identifiers used by third party service providers such as Segment and Google. We may derive additional information about you and your visitors from the information provided, such as a location based on IP address. Some Chatlio products are designed to run on the Slack platform, and if you use them we also collect your Slack Team ID, Slack Channel IDs (for Chatlio related channels) and Slack User IDs (for Chatlio related users).
Third-party sources
. We also obtain information from third-party data sources. Additionally, we may obtain data from other sources such as:
Data brokers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the data we collect;
Applications and services, such as social networks, that make users’ information available to
others;
Service providers that help us determine your device’s location based on its IP address to
customize certain products to your location;
Partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities; and
Publicly-available sources, such as open government databases or other data in the public
domain.
We protect data obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data.
When you are asked to provide personal information, you may decline. But if you choose not to provide information that is necessary to enter into a contract or for certain services or features to function correctly, you will not be able to take full advantage of our offerings.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
We use cookies and similar technologies to operate our websites and online services and to help collect data. Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the same domain that placed the cookie. The text in a cookie often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your device, but it can contain other information as well.
We use cookies to store your preferences and settings, enable you to sign-in, combat fraud, analyze how our products perform, and fulfill other legitimate purposes.
Our web pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons (also called single-pixel gifs) that we use to help deliver cookies on our websites, count users who have visited those websites, and gather usage and performance data. We also include web beacons in our email messages or newsletters to determine whether you open and act on them.
Our websites may include web beacons and cookies from third-party service providers. In some cases, that is because we have hired the third party to provide services on our behalf, such as site analytics. In other cases, it is because our web pages contain content or ads from third parties, such as videos, news content, or ads delivered by other ad networks. Because your browser connects to those third parties’ web servers to retrieve that content, those third parties are able to set or read their own cookies on your device and may collect information about your online activities across websites or online services.
The third-party analytics providers we use include: Customer.io (
https://customer.io/gdpr.html)
. Many third-party analytics providers allow you to opt-out from their collection or use. For more information, click on the links above.
You can also use browser controls to limit how the websites you visit are able to use cookies. Instructions for blocking or deleting cookies may be available in each browser’s privacy or help documentation. Please be aware that if you choose to block cookies, certain website features that depend on cookies may no longer function. If you choose to delete cookies, settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, may be deleted and may need to be recreated.
OUR USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use each of the categories of personal information collected through our products for the business purposes described in this privacy statement or otherwise disclosed to you. For example, we use personal information to:
allow you to support your visitors via chat and email including custom data you provide via our API and data we collect about the visitor’s browser, location and current page;
connect to Slack on your behalf to manage slack resources specific to Chatlio like channels and messages;
connect to Slack on your behalf to show and export chat transcripts;
login to our dashboard and configure Chatlio, update billing, add users or run reports;
provide and deliver our products, including securing, troubleshooting, improving, and
personalizing those products;
operate our business, such as improving our internal operations, securing our systems, and
detecting fraudulent or illegal activity;
understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our
Services;
provide customer support and respond to your questions;
send you information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security
alerts, and support and administrative messages;
communicate with you about new products, offers, promotions, rewards, contests, upcoming
events, and other about our products and those of our selected partners (see the Choice and Control section of this privacy statement for how to change your preferences for promotional communications); and
display advertising to you (see the Cookies section of this privacy statement for information about your advertising choices)
In carrying out these purposes, we combine data we collect from different sources to give you a more seamless, consistent and personalized experience.
OUR SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share personal information with your consent or as necessary to complete your transactions or provide the products you have requested or authorized. For example, when you provide payment data to make a purchase, we will share that data with banks and other entities as necessary for payment processing, fraud prevention, credit risk reduction, or other related financial services.
In addition, we also share personal information with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, companies we’ve hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal information to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal information they receive from us for any other purpose. We may also disclose personal information as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger, transfer, divestiture, or sale of all or a portion of our business or assets.
Finally, we will access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal information when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to:
comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies;
protect our customers, for example to prevent spam or attempts to defraud users of our products, or to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of anyone;
operate and maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks; or
protect our rights or property, including enforcing the terms governing the use of the products.
CHOICE AND CONTROL OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Access, correction, and deletion.
If you wish to request access to, or correction or deletion of, personal information about you that we hold, contact us at
privacy@chatlio.com
.
However, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we reserve the right to decline requests that are unreasonable, excessive, or prohibited by law, could adversely affect the privacy or other rights of another person, or where we are unable to authenticate you as the person to whom the data relates. If you are a visitor to the website or service of a Chatlio customer, you should first contact them to request access to, or correction or deletion of, any such personal information.
Communications preferences
. You can choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from us by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone. If you receive promotional email, in-app messages, chat messages or SMS messages from us and would like to stop, you can do so by following the directions in that message. These choices do not apply to mandatory service communications that are part of certain of our products, or to surveys or other informational communications that may have their own unsubscribe method.
Cookie controls
. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can set your browser to delete or reject cookies. If you choose to delete or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our website. See the Cookies section of this privacy statement for more details.
Advertising and analytics
. Our third-party analytics and advertising partners typically provide options to opt-out of certain information collection or use. See the Cookies section of this privacy statement for more details.
Do Not Track
. Some browsers have incorporated “Do Not Track” (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, our websites do not currently respond to browser DNT signals. Instead, you can use the range of other tools to control data collection and use, including the cookie controls and advertising controls described above.
EUROPEAN DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
If the processing of personal information about you is subject to European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland data protection law, you have certain rights with respect to that data:
You can request access to, and rectification or erasure of, personal information;
If any automated processing of personal information is based on your consent or a contract with
you, you have a right to transfer or receive a copy of your personal information in a usable and
portable format;
If the processing of personal information is based on your consent, you can withdraw consent at
any time for future processing;
You can to object to, or obtain a restriction of, the processing of personal information under
certain circumstances; and
For residents of France, you can send us specific instructions regarding the use of your data after
your death.
To make such requests, contact us at
privacy@chatlio.com
or review
https://chatlio.com/legal/eu-privacy-summary/
for more details on contact options. When we are processing data on behalf of another party that is the “data controller,” you should direct your request to that party. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, but we encourage you to first contact us with any questions or concerns.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident and the processing of personal information about you is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), you have certain rights with respect to that information.
You have a right to request access to, correction of or deletion of the personal information we have collected about you, and to receive additional information about our collection, use, disclosure, or sale of such personal information. To provide or delete specific pieces of personal information we will need to verify your identity to the degree of certainty required by law.
To make requests, please contact us at
privacy@chatlio.com
or by using the contact information provided at the bottom of this policy. When we are processing visitor’s data as a service provider to a business that is a Chatlio customer, you should direct your request to that business. You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us.
You also have a right to opt-out from sales of personal information. However, we do not sell personal information and have not done so in the past 12 months. Finally, you have a right to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights set out in the CCPA.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We retain personal information for as long as necessary to provide the products and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types, actual retention periods can vary significantly based on criteria such as user expectations or consent, the sensitivity of the data, the availability of automated controls that enable users to delete data, and our legal or contractual obligations. For example, to meet our legal compliance obligations, we maintain minimal account information for 7 years. This includes the email of the user who signed up for Chatlio, and the billing information including invoices at our payment processor. For all other data we delete as soon as practicable. For example, we purge all web access logs in no more than 90 days, including records of visitors who did not start a chat conversation.
LOCATION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
The personal information we collect may be stored and processed in your country or region, or in any other country where we or our service providers maintain facilities. Currently, we primarily use data centers in the United States of America. The storage location(s) are chosen in order to operate efficiently, to improve performance, and to create redundancies in order to protect the data in the event of an outage or other problem. We take steps designed to ensure that the data we collect under this statement is processed according to the provisions of this statement and applicable law wherever the data is located.
Chatlio transfers personal information from the United Kingdom, European Economic Area and Switzerland to other countries, some of which have not been determined by the European Commission or the UK Information Commissioner to have an adequate level of data protection. When we do so, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts, to help ensure your rights and protections. To learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of personal information protections, please visit:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/adequacy-protection-personal-data-non-eu-countries_en
.
Chatlio also participates in the EU-U.S. Data Protection Framework (DPF), the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and the UK
Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Chatlio complies with the DPF Principles with respect to personal data
transferred from the EEA, Switzerland, and UK to the United States in reliance on the DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy statement and the DPF Principles,
the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification,
please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Chatlio is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. If
third-party agents process personal data on our behalf in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles,
we remain liable unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to any damages. If you
have a question or complaint related to our compliance with the DPF Principles, please contact us as
indicated at the bottom of this privacy statement. For any complaints related to the DPF that cannot be
resolved with us directly, you may refer the matter to Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by the
BBB National Programs, an independent dispute resolution body based in the United States, at
https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers/ProcessForConsumers
. The services of
BBB National Programs are provided at no cost to you. Finally, under limited circumstances and after
other available dispute resolution mechanisms have been exhausted, binding arbitration is available to
address certain residual complaints under the DPF not resolved by other means (see
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf
for details).
SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take reasonable and appropriate steps to help protect personal information from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. All traffic and data is encrypted in transit and we leverage Amazon AWS for hosting Chatlio infrastructure. Access to internal systems are tightly controlled and only those people that require access are given access. Services only expose the ports that are necessary. We monitor logs for abuse and misuse. All backups are encrypted and purged after a short amount of time.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
We will update this privacy statement when necessary to reflect changes in our products, how we use personal information, or the applicable law. When we post changes to the statement, we will change the “Last Updated” date at the top of the statement. If we make material changes to the statement, we will provide notice or obtain consent regarding such changes as may be required by law.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or a question for Chatlio LLC or our data protection officer, please contact us at
privacy@chatlio.com
.
Our address is 1329 N 47TH ST #31231, Seattle, WA 98103 United States. Telephone: +1 206-438-3846
:(
Your browser is out-of-date!
This website is built using latest technogies. Unfortunately your browser
    doesn't support those. Please update your browser to view this website
    correctly. Thank you.
Update my browser now