Privacy Policy
Herbalife International of America, Inc.’s privacy program, described in this privacy statement, complies with the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Cross-Border Privacy Rules system (CBPRs). CBPRs provides a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal information transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC Privacy Framework and CBPRs can be found
here
. To view our certification, please see the
APEC CBPR System Directory
. For more information on the scope of our participation, or
submit a privacy inquiry through the BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, please click on the official seal below:
Last Revised: April 17, 2024
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to Herbalife International of America Inc. and its U.S. affiliate entities (“Herbalife”). It applies to all information collected by Herbalife through its online properties and mobile applications (the “Sites”) where this Privacy Policy is posted. It also applies to information that Herbalife collects through offline methods. Unless otherwise indicated, this Policy does not apply to an Herbalife Independent Distributor’s (“Distributor” or “Herbalife Distributor”) collection or use of information obtained by the Distributor directly from you or from sources other than Herbalife, unless it then is disclosed to and retained by Herbalife.
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you of the kinds of information we may collect, how such information may be used, to whom such information may be disclosed, your choices regarding the collection, use and sharing of such information, your ability to access, delete and correct such information and the security procedures we use to protect this information.
1. What information does Herbalife collect?
Information You Provide Us Directly
At different occasions, you may provide information directly to Herbalife, first and last name, mailing address, telephone number, email address, credit card information, banking information, and biographical information (including, but not limited to, date of birth, education, professional details, and marital status). For example, you may provide us with information when using the Sites, responding to surveys or questionnaires, or when becoming an Herbalife Distributor or an Herbalife Preferred Member (“Preferred Member”). If you do not provide us with the requested information, in some cases, we will not be able to provide you the service you have requested.
For Herbalife Distributors, Preferred Members, and Customers, we collect information about products you purchase online and information voluntarily uploaded by members on the Sites, such as their leads and marketing efforts. In addition, we collect information about Herbalife Distributors’ commissions, bonuses or discounts.
If you disclose to us any information of another individual, you are required to have secured the appropriate consent of that individual for disclosing such information to us.
2. Information About Your Device and Your Use of the Sites
We may gather certain information automatically, such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamps, your Site activity (including the Site content you view, mouse movements, mouse clicks, taps, swipes, and information you view), and/or clickstream data for purposes such as analyzing trends, administering the Sites, improving the function and content of the Sites, and enforcing our Terms. We use standard Internet technologies, such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, and similar technologies to collect this information, as explained below in the section on cookies. We may also use session replay/screen capture technology or similar technologies to collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Sites. This may include mouse movements, how you scroll through the Sites, and certain keystroke information.
We may also collect precise information about your location, such as your mobile device’s GPS coordinates, cell tower information and/or Wi-Fi signals. Herbalife may use this information to personalize your experience in connection with your use of the Sites, Nutrition Clubs, or other Herbalife products and services. If you do not want Herbalife to collect and use your specific geolocation information, you can disable the location features on your device. Check your device manufacturer settings for how to do so.
3. Information from Third-Party Sources
We may receive additional information about you from public and commercially available sources and other third parties. Distributors may also provide information about you with Herbalife. If you access third-party services, such as Facebook, Google, or Twitter through the Sites, to log in to the Sites or to provide information about your experience on the Sites with others, we may collect information from these third-party services. We may combine all of the information we collect and receive about you, both online and offline, and use or disclose it in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
4. How does Herbalife use my Information?
We use the information we collect about you for a variety of purposes, including: providing you with the products, services and support you request; processing your transactions and shipping your orders; communicating with you about your account or transactions, changes to our policies and other administrative matters, or your questions and comments; to better understand your interests in order to provide you with promotional information, relevant content, product recommendations, surveys, questionnaires, and other materials; improving our products, services and operations; conducting data analytics, such as market and consumer research, trend analysis, and financial analysis; administering rewards programs; providing public recognition, awards, and/or celebrations for achievements and/or advancements made in the Herbalife Sales & Marketing Plan, including through, among other channels, social media, our Sites, or at Company functions and events; providing personalized services you request such as nutrition management and sports performance testing; and ensuring compliance with or enforcing our Company policies, member rules, the law, and our rights, including handling and investigating complaints and other inquiries, or as we believe is necessary to prevent against harm or to protect, enforce or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety or property of ourselves and others. We also use this information to validate sales made by Herbalife Distributors, to help Herbalife Distributors search for, communicate with and validate customers in our systems, and for Herbalife’s compliance purposes. We may also use personal information to detect, investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible fraudulent or illegal activity, including fraudulent transactions or unusual sign-in activities to your account. Herbalife or its authorized third parties may contact you directly for these purposes using various contact methods described in section 4, “How will Herbalife Communicate with me?”
Herbalife may also use this information to support the operation of the Preferred Memberships and Distributorships, and to maintain proper functioning of the Herbalife Sales & Marketing Plan. For example, information about Preferred Members may be used to support, calculate and track your product discount and to provide you with information on special promotions. Information about Herbalife Distributors may be used to support, calculate and track discounts, earnings and bonuses; conduct data analytics, such as predicting and assessing Distributors’ eligibility for discounts, earnings, commissions and bonuses; issue payments and report income to taxing authorities; provide training; and ensure compliance with applicable law and Company policies, plans and agreements, including the Distributorship Application and Agreement.
We may retain your information for as long as needed to: provide you services; fulfill other legitimate business needs, such as maintaining the proper function of the Sales & Marketing Plan; fulfill our compliance and legal obligations; and resolve disputes and enforce our agreements, including the Distributorship Agreements.
5. With whom does Herbalife disclose my Information?
Herbalife Group Companies
We may disclose your information to our affiliates and subsidiaries (companies that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with, Herbalife). Examples of how these entities may use your information include assisting you with inquiries, support requests, and account management, and making predictions about your interests, and providing you with special offers, promotions, advertisements, and other materials.
Vendors & Service Providers
We may disclose your information to vendors that perform functions on our behalf. Examples of such functions include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, email administrative functions, conducting data analytics and helping us make our advertising more relevant (including through AI- based analysis), processing credit card payments, investigating fraudulent, illegal, or otherwise noncompliant activity, and providing customer service.
Herbalife Independent Distributors
If you are an Herbalife Distributor, Preferred Member, or Customer, we may disclose your information to other Herbalife Distributors, including without limitation as part of a Lineage Report which contains information about Distributors and Preferred Members in an Herbalife Distributor’s downline or about Customers of a Distributor. (The downline organization consists of all Distributors and Preferred Members that were personally sponsored by a particular Distributor, and in turn, all other persons sponsored by the subsequent Distributors.) The information about Distributors, Preferred Members and Customers that may be disclosed to other Distributors includes name; contact information; birthday; level or rank; Herbalife ID number; documented and non-documented volume and sales statistics; purchasing history and data; unredeemed reward information; marketing preferences; and information collected in connection with health and wellness surveys (such as gender, age range, height, weight, target weight, wellness priorities, and activity levels). To the extent required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent to disclose your health and wellness information to other Distributors. To the extent the Lineage Report contains data from residents outside of the United States, including residents of the European Union, we have taken appropriate measures to protect the data in accordance with applicable law. Lineage Reports are provided to Distributors in strict confidence and for the sole purpose of supporting the Distributors in further developing their Herbalife businesses, including for use in marketing tools and platforms.
We may disclose your information to Distributors to offer and provide you with products and services, and these Distributors may further disclose your information as described in their privacy policies. For example, if you use some of our Sites, such as GoHerbalife.com and our Weight Loss Challenge Site (HerbalifeWLC.com), your information may be disclosed to one or more Distributors servicing those sites. Similarly, if you participate in a Nutrition Club, we may disclose your information to any of the Distributors operating the Nutrition Club. We may also disclose your information to Distributors so that they can provide you with a more personalized experience, such as recommending products and services that are most relevant to you. If you are a Distributor, we may disclose your information to your upline Distributors so they can manage their organizations and provide you with personalized support and training. Herbalife Distributors who receive your information are bound by the terms of their Distributorship Agreement and the privacy and data protection covenants contained therein. Some of these Distributors may be based in countries that do not offer the same or a similar level of privacy protection as is available in your own country.
We may also disclose personal data to Distributors if it is necessary to investigate any complaints, alleged rules violations, or other similar types of inquiries. If you operate a Nutrition Club, we may disclose the location of that Club to Preferred Members, customers, and other Herbalife Distributors.
Legal & Compliance Disclosures
We may also disclose your information: as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, legal proceedings, or similar legal process, including disclosure to authorized third-party auditors; or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate or prevent fraud, or respond to a government request.
Business Transitions
We may disclose your information if Herbalife is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of or transfer of assets, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
Other Parties in Aggregated Form
We may disclose your information with third parties in aggregated, or de-identified form.
Other Parties with Your Consent
In addition to the sharing described in this Privacy Policy, we may also disclose information about you with third parties for any other purpose disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or pursuant to your consent or direction.
If you opt in to receive SMS/MMS marketing from Herbalife, your consent will be used exclusively for Herbalife promotions and not disclosed to third parties for their marketing or promotional purposes. The opt-in is not transferable to any party other than Herbalife. View
SMS Terms & Conditions
for more information.
6. How will Herbalife communicate with me?
Herbalife may communicate with you via email, postal mail, telephone, text message, or other means on a regular basis to provide requested products and services and/or in regard to issues relating to your Herbalife business (if you are a Distributor). In order to validate customer sales, Herbalife may communicate with you via email, postal mail, telephone, text message, or other means on a regular basis (if you are a Customer).
Additionally, you may receive periodic information on Herbalife’s business, products, services, and special deals through various communication means as described above. Herbalife Distributors and Preferred Members may manage certain communications within their MyHerbalife Communications Preferences center. In addition, you may manage these kinds of communications by following the instructions provided in the communication or by contacting us at 866-866-4744.
7. Is my Personal Information Secure?
We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect about you remains accurate, timely and secure. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure and while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant its complete security.
8. How can I Exercise Any Applicable Rights, Such as Accessing or Correcting my Information?
In some instances, you may visit one or more of our Sites to verify and update certain information (for example, certain Distributor and Preferred Member account information on MyHerbalife). If you are not able to update your information on our Sites, please contact us. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to accommodate requests to update your information.
If you reside in California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah or Virginia, you may have certain rights regarding your personal information. If you are a California resident, for more information about your privacy rights, please see the
Supplemental Privacy Notice for California Residents.
9. The Right to Access, Correct, and Delete Personal Information.
Applicable law may give you the right to: (1) request access to, correction or deletion of, your personal information; or (2) opt out of the processing of your personal information for purposes of targeted advertising or the sale of your personal information, or (3) appeal our decision with respect to a request you have submitted. Applicable law may also give you the right to authorize an agent to submit requests on your behalf. If you designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, you must (1) verify your identity directly with us and (2) provide us with written authorization or a power of attorney, signed by you, for the agent to act on your behalf. To submit a request to access, correct, or delete your personal information, or to appeal a decision, or for assistance with any of these rights, follow the instructions provided in this
link
or call 1-888-926-8905. This line is open Monday to Friday from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Pacific Standard Time. To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. This verification process may require you to provide your Member ID, or other pieces of personal information that we already hold about you, or, in certain circumstances, a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request.
10. The Right to Opt-Out of (i) Sales or Sharing of Personal Information and (ii) Targeted Advertising.
Depending on your state of residence, applicable law may define “sale” very broadly and includes the disclosure of personal information for anything of value. We do not sell your personal information in exchange for monetary consideration. We may disclose your personal information by allowing certain third parties (such as social media networks, data analytics providers, and online marketing and advertising services) to collect personal information via automated technologies (such as cookies or pixels) on our Sites for social networking and advertising purposes. Under applicable law, these kinds of disclosures may constitute “targeted advertising,” or a “sale” when the personal information is exchanged for non-monetary consideration, or “sharing” when the personal information is disclosed for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.
The categories of personal information that we may sell, share, or use for targeted advertising (and may have sold or shared or used for targeted advertising during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Notice) includes identifiers, commercial information, online activity/device and site usage information, and geolocation data.
Visitors to our US websites can opt-out of the processing of their personal information for purposes of targeted advertising, or the sale or sharing of personal information, by clicking on the Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data/Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising link at the bottom of the Sites and following the instructions in that link.
In addition, California and Colorado residents may use an opt-out preference signal, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”), to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal data. If you choose to use a browser that supports the GPC signal, you will need to enable it for each supported browser that you use on your device. If enabled and broadcasting a signal to not sell or share your data, the GPC will be applied to your browser. If you are logged into your Herbalife account (such as MyHerbalife.com) while a GPC is enabled on your browser, it will be applied to your account while logged into the site and using that same browser. We otherwise do not associate your devices or browsers with any user account. If you clear your cookies or use a private browsing mode, such as “incognito mode,” and later visit our sites, you will need to have your GPC enabled for the GPC to be applied again to your browser.
If you are a California or Colorado resident, for more information about our processing of personal information, please see the
Supplemental Privacy Notice for California Residents
and
Supplemental Privacy Notice for Colorado Residents.
11. International Transfers.
The Sites are headquartered in the United States. Please be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the Sites may be collected in your country and subsequently transferred to another country in accordance with applicable law. Using the Sites demonstrates your consent to the processing of information as described in this Policy.
12. Children’s Information.
The Sites are general audience websites that are not directed to children younger than 13. We do not knowingly collect, use or disseminate any personal information from children under the age of 13, unless permitted by law. If you believe we may have collected personal information from your child on the Sites, please contact us at
privacy@herbalife.com
and we will make reasonable efforts to delete it from our records, when required by law.
With parental consent, we allow minors to join as a member. Given the broad definitions of “sale” and “share” under California law, if minors access our sites that utilize online tracking technologies, their information may be sold or shared. We may therefore sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years of age under these limited circumstances.
13. Cookies and Tracking.
Herbalife, as well as certain third parties that provide content and other functionality on our Sites, use cookies, web beacons, pixels, session replay/screen capture, software developer kits, and other similar technologies to collect or receive information for various purposes, including to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the Sites, provide measurement services and targeted ads, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored on computer hard drives. A cookie enables the entity that put the cookie on your device to recognize it across different websites, services, devices, and browsing sessions. For example, we may use cookies to recognize you when you return to the Sites in order to provide you with a better user experience. We may allow third parties to use cookies on the Sites, but we do not control the use or contents of third-party cookies. Web browsers often allow you to configure the browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is sent. If you elect to reject cookies, please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of the features and functions of the Sites. To learn more about cookies and how to manage them, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
.
Web beacons and similar technologies are small bits of code, which are embedded in web pages, advertisements, and emails, that communicate with third parties. We use web beacons, for example, to count the number of users who have visited a particular webpage, to deliver or communicate with cookies, and to understand usage patterns. We also may include web beacons in emails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.
There are other local storage and internet technologies, such as Local Shared Objects (also referred to as “Flash cookies”), HTML5 local storage and embed scripts, which can operate similarly to the cookies discussed above. Please note that these technologies are distinct from cookies, and you may not be able to control them using standard browser tools and settings. For information about managing Flash cookies, please click
www.
adobe.com/privacy.html
. To learn more about Adobe analytics and to opt out, click
www.adobe.com/privacy.html
.
We may use Bluetooth beacon technology to improve the Nutrition Club experience. Mobile devices that have enabled Bluetooth can receive a signal when in range of a beacon. The signals will not be received unless the user has turned on Bluetooth, installed an Herbalife mobile application and enabled push notifications. The beacon functionality may allow for notifications, customer check-ins, and payments. You can disable the beacon functionality in the app’s settings.
14. Do Not Track.
Web browsers may allow you to send “Do Not Track” requests. We do not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals because there is no current industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals. We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a standard if and when one is created.
15. Online Advertising.
We may display advertising on our website and partner with third parties to manage advertising on other websites for our products and services. We may also partner with third parties, including business partners, advertising networks, and other advertising service providers, who gather information about you on our Sites and other sites to provide you with advertisements on the Sites and elsewhere online based on your browsing history and tailored to your interests, preferences, and characteristics. Cookies, pixels, or other similar technologies may be used to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests, and in some cases, the information in these cookies and in other technologies may be linked to your email address, which we may disclose to our vendors. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Policy.
Some third parties collect information about users of our Sites to provide interest-based advertising on our Sites and elsewhere, including across browsers and devices. These third parties may use the information they collect on our Sites to make predictions about your interests in order to provide you ads (from us and other companies) across the internet. Some of these third parties may participate in industry-developed programs designed to provide consumers with choices about whether to receive targeted advertising. Due to differences between using apps and websites on mobile devices, you may need to take additional steps to disable targeted ad technologies in mobile apps. Many mobile devices allow you to opt out of targeted advertising for mobile apps using the settings within the mobile app or your mobile device. For more information, please check your mobile settings. You also may uninstall our apps using the standard uninstall process available on your mobile device or app marketplace.
To opt out of interest-based advertising across browsers and devices from companies that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance or Network Advertising Initiative opt-out programs, please visit the websites operated by the Network Advertising Initiative (
//www.networkadvertisin
g.org/choices/
) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (
//www.aboutads.info/choices/
). You may also be able to opt out of interest-based advertising through the settings within the mobile app or your mobile device, but your opt-out choice may apply only to the browser or device you are using when you opt out, so you should opt out on each of your browsers and devices if you want to disable all cross-device linking for interest-based advertising. Further information in local languages may be available at
www.youronlinechoices.com/
. If you are located in the European Union more information is available at
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
Please note that even if you use an industry-based opt-out for interest- based advertising, you will continue to receive generic advertisements and your experience on our Sites may be degraded.
16. Online Forums.
The Sites may offer publicly accessible community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas is public and may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from these forums, email us at
priv
acy@herbalife.com.
In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information.
17. Third-Party Links.
The Sites may contain links to websites operated and maintained by third parties over which we have no control. Any information you provide to third-party websites will be governed under the terms of each websites' privacy policy and we encourage you to investigate such policies before disclosing any information to the operators of third-party websites. We have no responsibility or liability for the content, actions or policies of third-party websites. The inclusion of links to third-party websites on our Sites in no way constitutes an endorsement of such websites' content, actions or policies.
18. Third-Party Functionality.
Some of the functionality on the Sites may be provided by third parties that are not affiliated with Herbalife. These entities may collect or receive certain information about your use of the Sites, including through the use of cookies, Web beacons, and similar technologies. Herbalife is not responsible for the privacy practices of these entities.
If you access third-party services, such as Facebook, Google, or Twitter, through the Sites, to log in to the Sites or to share information about your experience on the Sites with others, these third-party services may be able to collect information about you, including information about your activity on the Site, and they may notify your connections on the third-party services about your use of the Site, in accordance with their own privacy policies.
19. Modiﬁcations to this Policy.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date listed at the beginning of this Policy. Herbalife reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes to this Policy will be effective immediately upon notice, which may be provided to you by posting the latest version on the Sites. Your subsequent use of the Sites will be deemed acceptance of such changes. Be sure to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure familiarity with its most current version. By using the Sites following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy, you agree to all such changes.
20. What if I have questions?
Herbalife takes privacy concerns seriously. If you have questions or comments, you may contact us at: 800 West Olympic Blvd., Suite 406, Los Angeles, California 90015 (Attn: Privacy Dept.),
privacy@herbalife.com
, 866-866-4744.
Supplemental Privacy Notice for California Residents
Effective Date: April 17, 2024
Last Revised:  April 17, 2024
This Supplemental Privacy Notice supplements the information in our Privacy Policy above and applies solely to California consumers. We adopt this Supplemental Notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020) and its implementing regulations (collectively, the “CCPA”). This Supplemental Privacy Notice uses certain terms that have the meanings given to them in the CCPA.
Notice of Collection and Use of Personal Information
We may collect (and may have collected during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Supplemental Privacy Notice) the following categories of personal information about you:
Identifiers: identifiers such as name, date and place of birth, permanent residence, home and business addresses, email address, telephone numbers, unique personal identifiers, online identifiers, Member ID, Customer ID, Distributorship ID, account name, signature, Social Security number, tax ID number, Internet Protocol address, and driver’s license, state identification card, or passport numbers.
Protected Classifications: characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as race, national origin, age, sex, or gender.
Financial Information: bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, and similar banking information
Commercial Information: commercial information such as transaction data, products or services purchased, obtained or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Health and Medical Information: information that you voluntarily provide in response to surveys or questionnaires, including physical characteristics or descriptions, and other data related to your body, diet, activities, or physiology.
Online Activity: Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as browsing history, search history or information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements.
Geolocation Data: general location and precise GPS location.
Sensory information: audio, electronic, visual and similar information, such as audio recordings if you call our customer service, or recorded presentations in which you participate; photographs taken at Company functions or events; audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or other similar information from your voluntary participation in any sensory testing of Herbalife products.
Professional or Education information.
Inferences: inferences drawn from any of the information identified above, such as individual profiles, preferences, characteristics, or behaviors.
We may use (and may have used during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Supplemental Privacy Notice) the categories of personal information listed above for the purposes described in our Privacy Policy, and for the following business or commercial purposes (as those terms are deﬁned in applicable law):
Our or our service provider’s operational purposes;
Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance;
Helping to ensure security and integrity (such as detecting, protecting against, and prosecuting security incidents and fraudulent or illegal activity);
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, non-personalized advertising shown as part of your current interaction with us;
Providing advertising and marketing services;
Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytics services, providing storage or providing similar services;
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration;
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device or to improve, upgrade or enhance the services or devices;
Other uses that advance our commercial or economic interests, such as third-party advertising and communicating with you about relevant offers from third-party partners;
Other uses about which we notify you.
Examples of these types of uses include:
Providing you with the products, services, and support you request
Processing your transactions and shipping orders;
Communication with you about your account or transactions, changes to our policies and other administrative matters, or your questions and comments;
To better understand your interests in order to provide you with promotional information, relevant content, product recommendations, surveys, questionnaires, and other materials;
Improving our products, services and operations;
Conducting data analytics;
Administering rewards programs;
Providing personalized services you request;
Ensuring compliance with our Company policies and Rules and the law, or as we believe is necessary to protect, enforce or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety or property of ourselves and others;
To validate sales made by Herbalife Distributors;
To help Herbalife Distributors search for, communicate with and validate customers in our systems;
For Herbalife’s compliance purposes;
To support the operation of the Preferred Memberships and Distributorships, and to maintain proper functioning of the Herbalife Sales & Marketing Plan.
Sources of Personal Information
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Supplemental Privacy Notice, we may have obtained personal information about you from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you, such as when you complete forms, take surveys, or create profiles on our Sites From your devices, such as through your use of our services
Distributers
Merchants
Affiliates and subsidiaries
Vendors or Service Providers who provide services on our behalf our business partners
Social networks
Data analytics providers
Public and commercially available sources
Disclosure of Personal Information
We may disclose personal information to the following categories of third parties:
Distributors
Merchants
Our affiliates and subsidiaries
Vendors or Service Providers who provide services on our behalf
Professional services organizations, such as auditors or law firms
Data analytics providers
Our business and joint marketing partners
Social networks
Online advertising services and advertising networks
Financial institutions
We may disclose the following categories of personal information (as defined above) about you for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Identifiers: Service providers, Affiliates, and Subsidiaries, Distributors, Merchants, financial institutions, Professional services organizations, online advertising services and advertising networks, social networks
Protected Classifications: Service providers, Affiliates and Partners
Financial Information: Service providers, Merchants, Financial Institutions
Commercial Information: Service providers, Affiliates and Partners, Distributors, Merchants
Health and Medical Information: Service providers, Affiliates and Partners, Distributors
Online Activity: Service Providers, Affiliates and partners, Advertising services and advertising networks, social media networks
Geolocation Data: Service providers, Affiliates and partners
Sensory information: Service providers, Affiliates and partners
Professional or Education information: Service providers, Affiliates and partners, Distributors
Inferences: Service providers, Affiliates and partners
In addition to the categories of third parties identified above, we may disclose personal information about you to government entities (e.g., in response to law enforcement requests).
For information concerning the “sale” or “sharing” of personal information, please see Section 6 of our Privacy Policy.
Retention of Personal Information
We will retain your personal information for the time period reasonably necessary to achieve the purposes described in our Privacy Policy and this Supplemental Privacy Notice, or any other notice provided at the time of collection, taking into account applicable statutes of limitation and records retention requirements under applicable law.
California Consumer Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you have certain rights regarding your personal information, as described below.
Access: You have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, that we disclose to you the personal information we have collected, used, disclosed and sold or shared about you.
Correction: You have the right to request that we correct the personal information we maintain about you, if that information is inaccurate.
Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete certain personal information we have collected from you. Please note that we need certain types of information so that we can provide the services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our Sites.
Opt-Out of Sale or Sharing: You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information or the sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.
How to Submit a Request
Some of our Sites allow you to review and update your personal information or cancel certain provisions of your Herbalife Distributorship. To submit a request to access, correct or delete your personal information or for assistance with any of these rights, follow the instructions in this
link
or call 1-888-926-8905. This line is open Monday to Friday from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Pacific Standard Time.
To opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information, please see the instructions in Section 6 of our Privacy Policy.
Verifying Requests
To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. This verification process may require you to provide your Member ID, or other pieces of personal information that we already hold on you, or, in certain circumstances, a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request. If you designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, please email us at
privacy@herbalife.com
to (1) verify your identity directly with us and (2) provide us with written authorization or a power of attorney, signed by you, for the agent to act on your behalf.
Additional Information
We will not discriminate against anyone for exercising any of their rights. We typically do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request if it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Shine the Light
Residents of the State of California also have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties, if any, to which the company has disclosed personal information during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes (e.g., requests made in 2023 will receive information about 2022 disclosure activities). We comply with this law by offering California residents the ability to tell us not to share your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please email us at
privacy@herbalife.com
. You must include the name of this Site and “California Resident” as the subject line, and your full name, email address, and postal address in your message. Please note that any request under this paragraph will be limited to Herbalife's use and disclosure of your personal information. You will need to make the same request of your Herbalife Independent Distributor if you would like to obtain information about any disclosure that he or she has made of your personal information.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this Supplemental Privacy Notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes, we will post the updated Supplemental Privacy Notice on the website and update the effective date. Your continued use of our website following the posting of changes to this Supplemental Privacy Notice constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Supplemental Privacy Notice for Colorado Residents
Effective Date: April 17, 2024
Last Revised: April 17, 2024
This Supplemental Privacy Notice for Colorado Residents supplements the information in our Privacy Policy above and applies solely to Colorado consumers. We adopt this Supplemental Notice to comply with the Colorado Privacy Act (the “CPA”). This Supplemental Privacy Notice uses certain terms that have the meanings given to them in the CPA.
Category of Personal Information
Processing Purpose(s)
Categories of Third Parties with Whom We Disclose Personal Information
Contact information
, such as first and last name, mailing address, telephone number, and email address
Providing you with the products, services and support you request Processing your transactions and shipping your orders;
Communicating with you about your account or transactions, changes to our policies and other administrative matters, or your questions and comments;
Better understanding your interests in order to provide you with promotional information, relevant content, product recommendations, surveys, questionnaires, and other materials;
Improving our products, services and operations;
Conducting data analytics, such as market and consumer research, trend analysis, and financial analysis;
Administering rewards programs;
Providing personalized services you request, such as nutrition management and sports performance testing;
Ensuring compliance with or enforcing our Company policies, member rules, the law, and our rights, including handling and investigating complaints and other inquiries, or as we believe is necessary to prevent against harm or to protect, enforce or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety or property of ourselves and others;
Validating sales made by Herbalife Distributors;
Helping Herbalife Distributors search for, communicate with and validate customers in our systems;
Compliance purposes;
Detecting, investigating, preventing, or taking action regarding possible fraudulent or illegal activity, including fraudulent transactions or unusual sign-in activities to your account;
Supporting the operation of the Preferred Memberships and Distributorships;
Maintaining proper functioning of the Herbalife Sales & Marketing Plan.
Distributors Merchants
Financial Institutions
Professional Services Organizations
Online Advertising Services and Advertising Networks
Data Analytics Providers
Social Networks
Government Entities
Payment information
, such as credit card information, and bank account information
Providing you with the products, services and support you request Processing your transactions and shipping your orders;
Communicating with you about your account or transactions, changes to our policies and other administrative matters, or your questions and comments;
Ensuring compliance with or enforcing our Company policies, member rules, the law, and our rights, including handling and investigating complaints and other inquiries, or as we believe is necessary to prevent against harm or to protect, enforce or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety or property of ourselves and others;
Validating sales made by Herbalife Distributors;
Compliance purposes;
Detecting, investigating, preventing, or taking action regarding possible fraudulent or illegal activity, including fraudulent transactions or unusual sign-in activities to your account;
Supporting the operation of the Preferred Memberships and Distributorships;
Maintaining proper functioning of the Herbalife Sales & Marketing Plan;
Merchants
Financial Institutions
Government Entities
Professional Services Organizations
Health Information
, such as weight, height, BMI, body measurements, sleep, nutrition, weight loss and other wellness goals and/or information concerning meals, water intake, sleeping, or exercise habits.
Providing you with the products, services and support you request;
Better understanding your interests in order to provide you with promotional information, relevant content, product recommendations, surveys, questionnaires, and other materials;
Providing personalized services you request, such as nutrition management and sports performance testing.
Distributors
Location information
, such as your mobile devices GPS coordinates, cell tower information and/or Wi-Fi signals
Providing you with the products, services and support you request;
Processing your transactions and shipping your orders;
Better understanding your interests in order to provide you with the promotional information, relevant content, product recommendations, surveys, questionnaires, and other materials;
Improving our products, services and operations;
Conducting data analytics, such as market and consumer research, trend analysis, and financial analysis;
Administering rewards programs;
Compliance purposes;
Detecting, investigating, preventing, or taking action regarding possible fraudulent or illegal activity, including fraudulent transactions or usual sign-in activities to your account.
Online advertising services and advertising networks
Data analytics providers
Social networks
Government entities
Professional services organizations
We do not knowingly process personal information from children under the age of 13, do not knowingly process “sensitive data” as that term is defined under the CPA, and do not engage in “profiling” as that term is defined under the CPA.
For more information about your privacy rights and our practices concerning “sales” and targeted advertising, please see Section 6 of our Privacy Policy.
Supplemental Privacy Notice for Nevada Residents
Under Nevada law, certain Nevada consumers may opt out of the sale of “personally identifiable information” for monetary consideration to a person for that person to license or sell such information to additional persons. “Personally identifiable information” includes first and last name, address, email address, phone number, Social Security Number, or an identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online.
We do not engage in such activity; however, if you are a Nevada resident who has purchased or leased goods or services from us, you may submit a request to opt out of any potential future sales under Nevada law by
privacy@herbalife.com
. Please note we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request. Once verified, we will maintain your request in the event our practices change.
en-US | 3/15/2025 5:26:05 PM | zus2pwssb00000F | MyHL | 3/15/2025 5:26:05 PM | 1.25.0219.03
You are using an unsupported version of Internet Explorer
To get latest benefits from Herbalife we strongly recommend you upgrade your browser.
Safari
Chrome
Firefox
Edge
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information/Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising
Depending on your state of residence, you may have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information or to opt out of targeted advertising. We do not sell your personal information in exchange for monetary consideration. We may disclose your personal information by allowing certain third parties (such as social media networks, data analytics providers, and online marketing and advertising services) to collect personal information via automated technologies on our websites.  Under certain laws, these kinds of disclosures may be considered a “sale” when the personal information is exchanged for non-monetary consideration, or “sharing” when the personal information is disclosed for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.  For more information about our privacy practices
click here.
To opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information or to opt-out of targeted advertising associated with this device and browser, toggle the switches below to the left so they turn gray. Make sure you click on the “Confirm My Choices” button at the bottom to save your opt-out choices. The opt out selections made below apply specifically to the device and browser you are currently using. If using a different device or browser, you may opt out by clicking on the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information/Opt-out of Targeted Advertising” link on our sites and confirming your choices. If you clear your cookies on a particular browser or device, you may need to resubmit your opt-out request.
If you are a current or former member, we may also disclose personal information through other means that are not based on online tracking technologies.  To opt-out of all other types of sales, sharing, or targeted advertising, please provide your full name, member ID, and the email address associated with your Herbalife account to
privacy@herbalife.com
. In order to protect your personal data, we must validate the identity and information provided for each request. Therefore, requests must include all of the above information. We are unable to process requests that have not been validated.
If you have previously opted out of sales, sharing or targeted advertising associated with this device and browser: Depending on your state of residence, we may be required to obtain your consent to opt you back into sales, sharing or targeted advertising. Toggling the switches below to the right (so that they turn green) and clicking the “Confirm My Choices” button will opt you back into these activities.  In that case, you acknowledge that, by affirmatively opting back into these activities, you are providing Herbalife International of America, Inc. with your consent to disclose and otherwise process your personal data (including personal identifiers, commercial information, online activity, and geolocation data) for analytics and advertising purposes.  You can withdraw your consent at any time by opting out again as described above.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the functionality, security and compliance of our Sites. It is not possible to disable these cookies in the preference center.
Always Active
They are used for the following purposes: allow the website to provide greater functionality and personality; allow the Sites to remember information that changes the way the site behaves and looks; transfer information between pages and avoid the need to re-enter information; allow you to access information stored within the session.
Always Active
They are used for the following purposes: help us route traffic between servers; know how quickly users load functions; identify and resolve user experience issues and improve website operations; respond to member inquiries and help ensure compliance with our members' rules; count the number of users of our site.
Toggle LEFT to Opt Out of Personal Information Sales, Sharing and Targeted Advertising
Analytics Cookies
Switch Label
label
They are used for the following purposes: compile aggregate statistics that allow us to improve the structure of our website; help us better understand how people interact with website and application properties; help us determine which product ads are most relevant.
Targeting and Advertising Cookies
Switch Label
label
They are used for the following purposes: to allow us to tailor content or advertising to your interests, geolocation, or prevent the same ads from always being presented to you; to help evaluate the effectiveness of marketing campaigns; to understand more deeply how people use our products.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/GlobalPrivacyDivision/gpd-complaints-portal:
BBB National Programs uses cookies and similar technologies to give you the best possible content and experience. If you click "Accept,” cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and other media. If you have a business relationship with us, we may link this usage data with your contact information. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our
Privacy Policy
.
If you click “Decline,” only cookies that are necessary for performance and usability will be saved on your computer.
Accept
Decline
Home
Submit a Complaint
Global Privacy Division Complaint Portal
CBPR Forum Complaint Portal
Global Privacy Division Complaint Portal
Welcome to the BBB National Programs consumer privacy complaint system. BBB National Programs is a non-profit organization based in the United States. We help individual consumers resolve privacy complaints and inquiries with organizations that participate in one of our privacy certification programs.
Eligible Complaints
BBB National Programs’ Global Privacy Division handles complaints alleging that a
Participating Business
has failed to comply with one or more of the Program Requirements in relation to the personal data of an individual processed within the scope of the Participating Business’ privacy certification for one of the following Frameworks:
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF)
Cross Border Privacy Rules (CBPR)
Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP)
Vendor Privacy Program (VPP)
If you have a privacy complaint about a participating business, you may submit it to BBB National Programs. Our process is free of charge for individual consumers.
Filing Your Complaint
BBB National Programs will review all eligible complaints and help you and the
participating business
reach a resolution. A participating business must comply with BBB National Programs’ final determination of any dispute. However, our process is non-binding on the consumer, which means that using our dispute resolution process will not affect your legal rights as an individual.
1. Eligible Individual:
Your complaint concerns personal data about you (or your child under 13 years old).
2. Participating business:
Your personal data was processed by an organization that participates in a BBB National Programs’ certification program.
See Participating Businesses
.
Learn more about
EU-U.S. DPF Program eligibility
.
3. Contact the business first:
Before filing a complaint or inquiry with our program, you must have made a prior attempt to reach out to the participating business via the contact information listed on its privacy policy.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Services Rules
Cross Border Privacy Rules (CBPR) and Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) Procedure Rules
Vendor Privacy Program Procedure Rules
Before You File
BBB National Programs is a U.S. non-profit organization. Our handling of your complaint will require the processing of your personal data within the United States and will be governed by U.S. law. In certain situations, we may
be required
to
disclose
personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
By completing and submitting the complaint form on the following pages, you authorize BBB National Programs to process your personal data provided by you or by the Participating Business in accordance with the relevant
Procedure Rules
. You also authorize BBB National Programs to share your complaint and personal information with the Participating Business and with translators, as needed, for purposes of resolving the complaint.
BBB National Programs will handle your personal data
in accordance with
its
Privacy Policy
.
File a complaint for Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Services
Select Language
English
Spanish
Sub-policy 1
https://www.adobe.com/privacy.html:
We value your privacy and trust.
The Adobe Privacy Center makes it easy to find information on privacy topics, including your choices about how we collect and use your information.
Adobe Privacy Policy
Young Users
Cookies
Contact us
Law Enforcement
Trust Center
Your privacy choices
style
four up, xl spacing
What does Adobe do with your personal information?
Learn more about how Adobe uses your information as you use Adobe apps and visit Adobe websites:
Adobe Privacy Policy
Additional privacy policies
Cookies and similar technologies
Your privacy choices
Social networking
Marketing
Cross-border data transfers
Adobe & Student Privacy
Additional US State Privacy Rights
Younger users
What do Adobe’s business customers do with your information?
Learn more about how Adobe’s business customers use Adobe solutions to personalize and improve the performance of their websites, apps, and marketing messages, and to securely manage digital documents:
Data collection in Adobe Experience Cloud
Data collection in Adobe Electronic Signature Services
Data collection in Reader Mobile SDK
Your privacy choices
Cross-border data transfers
Questions?
Contact us
.