Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 27, 2019
SIMPLERION CO., Ltd. ("SIMPLERION", "us", "we", or "our") operates the http://www.simplerion.com website and mobile application (the "Service")
This Privacy Policy informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information, including Personal Information (defined below) about you, when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your Personal Information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain information that can be used to contact or identify you. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address and profile photo ("Personal Information").
When you send us an email message or otherwise contact us, we may receive Personal Information about you including your name, email address, and in the contents of messages or attachments that you may send to us, as well as other information you choose to provide, and that may be associated with your communications.
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device ("Log Data").
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Log Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services including Google Firebase, Facebook Audience Network, Mopub and Crashlytics that collect, monitor and analyze this Log Data to provide analytics and other data to help us increase our Service's functionality. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use Log Data.
Information Use
We collect this information, including Personal Information, for the purpose of:
- providing the Service;
- identifying and communicating with you, including newsletters and marketing materials, as described further below;
- responding to your requests, including customer service inquiries;
- processing your payments and otherwise servicing your purchase orders;
- improving the Service;
- analyzing your usage of the Service;
- responding to valid legal process and valid requests from government authorities.
Communications
We may contact you with newsletters and other marketing information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these marketing communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us. Please note that we may still send you transactional or administrative messages related to the Service even after you have opted out of receiving marketing communications.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the Personal Information we have collected from you.
International Transfer
Information collected while you use the Service, including your Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information, including your Personal Information, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such Personal Information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from Children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you learn that your Children have provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 13 without verifiable parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.
California Privacy Rights
California residents that have an established business relationship with us can request a notice disclosing the categories of Personal Information we have shared with third parties during the preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request from us, if entitled, please use the contact information listed below.
If you are under 18 years of age and a California resident using the Service, at any time you can request that we remove content you have provided or posted. Please contact us at the information below for our assistance, including to request removal of your information or content. Note that the removal of information or content may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that information or content posted through the Service.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the “LAST REVISED” date specified at the top of this Privacy Policy and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, and/or by placing a prominent notice on the Service.
Questions or Concerns Regarding the Privacy Policy
If you have questions or concerns regarding privacy using our Service, please contact us at: contact@simplerion.com.
Security Practices
We take the security of your data very seriously. Here is a quick list of our security practices:
• We use SSL everywhere, within the data center and out.
• Your data is encrypted at rest in our database.
• We run 100% on the cloud.
• All employees receive regular security training.