This website uses cookies. We use cookies to personalise content and ads and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Privacy Policy
Got it!
⌃
HOME
AGB
General terms and conditions for
i
SKI domains /
i
ski.cc intermaps AG
These terms and conditions apply as from 1 Oktober 2015
Article 1. Scope
Welcome to iSKI, the platform for skiers and winter sports enthusiasts, the information system that expresses the joy of skiing. iSKI is a trademark and a product of intermaps AG.
(1) intermaps AG (intermaps) offers its services under the following general terms and conditions, which the user acknowledges upon downloading and upon use of said services. By accepting the general terms and conditions, the user thereby acknowledges the data protection statement included in said general terms and conditions. The general terms and conditions may be consulted at
iski.cc
.
(2) The applicability of the client’s general terms and conditions is hereby expressly excluded.
(3) intermaps operates a mobile service that is available free of charge to the user by downloading the iSKI domain app on his smartphone. Current and static information on ski areas/resorts and destinations may be viewed on iSKI domains. The user may record his sports activities via GPS tracker. The recorded data may include vacation spot, achievements at the resort (e.g., altitude and speed) starting and finishing times, date, skiing area, slope kilometres, lift kilometres, average speed, the number of lifts taken, as well as skiing distance based on individual location-based data. These data are stored in cloud computing servers and may be accessed by the user at any time.
Article 2. intermaps services
(1) To access the data the user must have an online connection and be registered. Through registration the user’s movement profile (pseudonymised – only with his user name) is forwarded to the home page of the of the ski area that he is using, where he can compare himself, and take part in challenges, with other users.
(2) As an optional feature, the user may post his sports activities and the current ski area as a status report via an integrated Facebook posting feature.
(3) The user may participate in challenges and compared himself there with other users on a ranking list. These include both intermaps-organised challenges as well as other challenges organised by intermaps’ cooperation and advertising partners. The respective contest rules of individual challenges of the iSKI domain app may be viewed under “Gamification”. Generally speaking, the challenge winner is notified by email. In the event that the winner has not replied within 20 days to the email notifying him that he is the winner, the next-best user shall be declared the winner and claims of the first winner shall be invalid.
(4) Apple is neither a sponsor of challenges nor liable for their offers and execution. intermaps and its cooperation and advertising partners are solely responsible for sponsoring and organising the challenges. The offers published via the SKI domains do not constitute offers in the legal sense, but merely publicity and product information of intermaps’ cooperation and advertising partners. Should the user opt for the products or services of an intermaps cooperation or advertising partner, that shall constitute a contract exclusively between the user and the intermaps cooperation and advertising partner. intermaps shall not be a party to such a contract. intermaps expressly stipulates that, for contracts with its cooperation and advertising partners, the terms of said contracts and general terms and conditions, where applicable, shall apply. intermaps has no influence on the general terms and conditions of its cooperation and advertising partners. Nor does it represent them.
(5) intermaps cooperation and advertising partners are solely responsible for advertising and product information. intermaps expressly stipulates that the intermaps service entails a purely technical dissemination of advertising and product information. Such dissemination is not to be construed as a recommendation or guarantee regarding the products or services offered by the cooperation and advertising partner.
(6) intermaps may interrupt the service at any time. The user enjoys no claim on an unlimited usage time of intermaps s
Article 3. User obligations
(1) The user undertakes to use the services of the iSKI domain app (intermaps services) exclusively for private purposes. The user is forbidden from integrating intermaps services in whole or in part in other offers – regardless of whether for private or commercial offers – and from using services of the iSKI domain app (intermaps service) for his own commercial purposes or the commercial purposes of third parties without the written consent of intermaps.
(2) The user shall refrain from any misuse of the iSKI domain app (intermaps services), including with regard to simulating sporting activities and, relatedly, any attempt at deceitful winning of challenges. Furthermore, the user shall refrain from any attempt to circumvent the security features of intermaps service and/or installations or installing applications that lead or could lead to damage and/or a breakdown in the service’s installations.
(3) Prizes that the user receives from challenges or participation in challenges, must be used exclusively for private purposes. Any commercial further sale of prizes without the prior consent of intermaps or its cooperation and advertising partners is forbidden.
Article 4. Data protection clauses
(1) If the user wishes to use the iSKI domain app without restriction, he must register fully in advance and free of charge. This offers the benefits of participating in challenges, receiving prizes, evaluations and comparisons with buddies, as well as optimum use of the Facebook integration. To avail himself of these benefits, the user must provide the following information: First name, last name, sex, user name, email address, pass word.
(2) The email address (or username) and password are simultaneously log-in data for logging into the iSKI Information on winnings shall be sent to the email address (if the user has participated in, and won, a challenge). In addition, the user will be notified via email of important changes in the iSKI domain, general terms and conditions, or data protection regulations.
(3) Advertising and product information of the cooperation and advertising partners will also be sent via email, in which case intermaps’ role will be limited to providing purely technical dissemination services.
(4) Need for full registration: The user may only claim prizes from us if he can be contacted by email and his first and last names can also be verified, in order to exclude multiple participation in the challenges. Participation in challenges is classified into men’s and women’s categories. That is why users must state their sex. Privacy is protected by the fact that the full last name can only be viewed by Facebook friends. Sporting activities are forwarded to Widget (the homepage of the ski area) only with the user name. So if the user provides, for example, “Micki” as a user name, it will show up in the comparison lists of ski areas only as “Micki”. No personal data will be sold. User data shall not be provided to third parties for advertising and marketing purposes without the user’s consent. No spams will be sent.
(5) Data use: The user expressly agrees that intermaps and its cooperation or advertising partners may use his registration data in order to contact him personally. For this purpose, intermaps and its cooperation and advertising partners may process the data and also use it for advertising purposes. Cooperation and advertising partners are those companies listed under “Partners” in the iSKI apps.
(6) Statement of consent: The user hereby agrees that the personal data provided by him and mentioned in point (1), as well as his email address and telephone number (including text messages), may be retrieved, processed, disseminated and used for purposes of customer service, customer surveys and customer information sent to him personally by the companies listed on the iSKI apps under “Partners”.
(7) Facebook integration: As an optional feature, data can be forwarded to Facebook by clicking on a button. If the user uses this Facebook feature, he can not only compare his challenge results with the iSKI Community but also stipulate that his activities will be posted on his Facebook profile. This includes challenge prizes and in what ski area the user is located. The user must consent each time that the publishing of his tracks or other information can be viewed on Facebook. The Facebook feature can also be switched off fully.
(8) Profile settings: Unlimited use of the iSKI domain app is possible only with full registration of the following data: first name, last name, sex, user names, email address, password If the user does not wish to register fully, the services of this app will no longer be available in their entirety. Participation in challenges, comparisons with buddies and Facebook integration is not possible in this case.
(9) Product and advertising information: intermaps forwards product and advertising information of cooperation partners. The forwarding of such information is realised technically via scripts that are solely available to, and controlled by, intermaps.
(10) Disclosures pertaining to data: In accordance with data protection regulations, information on one’s stored data may be obtained. Users having questions on retrieval, processing or use of their data or wishing to ensure that the data are accurate, or wishing to lock or delete said data should contact our support team (support@iski.cc).
(11) Changes to these regulations: If it is necessary to make changes to the data protection statement we will inform the user accordingly and in a timely manner via email.
Article 5. Rights of intermaps
(1) In the event of violation of these general terms and conditions or grounds for, or suspicion of, violation by the user, intermaps is entitled to exclude said user and to delete, where applicable, content used by him or sent to him.
Article 6. Termination of user profile
(1)The user may terminate his user profile within the iSKI domain app at any time. As a result, his user profile and all data connected to it and challenge rankings, will be irrevocably deleted. Deletion is possible directly within the iSKI domain app under “Termination” or in writing. Written requests for deletion should be sent to:
intermaps AG
untere Paulistrasse 6b
CH-8834 Schindellegi
E-Mail: support@iski.cc
Article 7. Liability of intermaps
(1) Use of the iSKI domain app is dependent on input from third parties, including GPS availability of the user’s smartphone as well as availability of an internet connection and other inputs. Intermaps incurs no liability and/or offers no guarantees with regards to such inputs. Similarly, intermaps offers no guarantee and/or incurs no liability for the accuracy, currency and completeness of advertising and product information of the cooperation and advertising partners, or the type, scope and quality of products and services offered by the cooperation and advertising partners.
(2) Liability for injuries to life, body or health due to delinquency on the part of intermaps or representatives or agents of intermaps shall be, as with other damages, limited to legally defined deliberate or negligent conduct.
(3) The current app is free of charge. Hence, no liability is assumed for loss of earnings or other financial losses.
Article 8. Changes in the general terms and conditions
(1)Changes in the general terms and conditions with regard to the user shall become effective only with his consent. Consent is considered to have been granted if intermaps emails the modified general terms and conditions to the user and he does not dissent within one month and he has been clearly and fully apprised of the related legal consequences in the email.
Article 9. Applicable law / Jurisdiction
(1) This contract is governed by Swiss law under the UN Commission on International Trade Law.
(2) The Wollerau, Switzerland court shall have sole initial jurisdiction regarding any dispute in relation to this contract.
Article 10. Final clauses
(1) If any clause of these general terms and conditions becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable, that shall not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any other clause of these general terms and conditions. In place of the unenforceable or invalid clause another clause shall be added that, to the greatest extent possible, has the same effect as the deleted clause.
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
As the iSKI community continues to grow, we are making changes to provide the best possible experience for our users. To support our innovative portfolio of apps and products, and to enhance transparency, we have prepared an updated privacy statement. Please take the time to read it below. From October 26th, 2017 your use of the iSKI.cc website and our iSKI apps means you consent to this new privacy statement.
If you have any questions or comments, please contact our Support team.
support@iSKI.cc
Thank you for being a part and member of the iSKI community.
iSKI Privacy:
https://iski.cc/en/privacy-iski.html
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://iski.cc/en/privacy-iski.html:
⌃
HOME
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
As the iSKI community continues to grow, we are making changes to provide the best possible experience for our users. To support our innovative portfolio of apps and products, and to enhance transparency, we have prepared an updated privacy statement. Please take the time to read it below. From October 26th, 2017 your use of the iSKI.cc website and our iSKI apps means you consent to this new privacy statement.
If you have any questions or comments, please contact our Support team.
support@iSKI.cc
Thank you for being a part and member of the iSKI community.
1. IN GENERAL
1.1 iSKI Products. The concept of intermaps Ltd. (“iSKI”) apps and the iSKI.cc platform (together the “iSKI Products”) is based in part on the publication of details regarding individual users by making such details accessible to other users via the iSKI Products and social networks, e.g. Facebook.
1.2 Compliance with Data Protection Laws. The collection, administration and use of personal details by iSKI complies with applicable data protection laws by ensuring that, amongst others and subject to 3.1, each user is able to decide himself/herself, which personal details shall be made accessible to other users.
2. PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION COLLECTED BY iSKI
2.1 Personally Identifiable Information. iSKI collects information from users upon registration on its website (the “Registration” and a user then a “Registered User”) and in connection with the use of any of the iSKI Products. Personal identifiable information (personenbezogene Daten) within the meaning of § 4.1 of the Austrian Data Protection Act (DSG 2000) shall be saved and used in particular in order to offer new applications to the user, to improve such applications and conform them to the users' needs
2.2 Data Collection. Upon Registration, certain user data is collected in several ways (the “Registration Information”)
2.2.1 Mandatory Information. Certain information has to be given by a user in order to register for iSKI Products, such as:
Email address;
First and last name;
Gender;
Birthday
2.2.2 Optional Information. Certain information is optional during Registration and can also be added or deleted later on by the user, such as:
Personal Information:
Address (street, postcode, city, country);
Profile picture;
Family status;
Height and weight;
Reason and Motivation:
Sports level (beginner, advanced, professional);
Description;
Motivation for doing sports; and
Sports types;
Contact information:
Phone, website; and
Twitter, Skype
2.3 Additional User Data. After registration different types of data are collected by iSKI (the “Additional User Data” and, together with the Registration Information, the “User Information”), such as:
Activities (e.g. distance, time, calories, duration, training days, elevation, pulse, max pulse rate), location data and maps of activities;
Routes;
Photos;
Live Tracking, see Section 3.2;
User statistics and Leader board; and
Friendships
3. PRIVACY SETTINGS AND LIVE TRACKING
3.1 Privacy Settings. Every user can change the privacy settings applicable to his or her account for iSKI Products
3.1.1 General. In this way, the user can decide for different categories (e.g. profile data, activities, maps), subject to 2.2.2 and 2.3, who can see the User Information collected: all users, friends, or nobody. The default privacy settings are set to “friends” for all users.
3.1.2 Exceptions. The following information is visible to all users and cannot be set to “nobody” in the privacy settings: first name, last name, and avatar.
3.1.3 Leader board. The leader board function, in which the users can compare their activities to their friends', is automatically activated in the user’s profile for all iSKI Products.
3.2 Live Tracking. The iSKI Products include a "Live Tracking" feature (“Live Tracking”), which enables all users to see the route and data, including heart rates, of such user's sports activity on certain of the iSKI Products. Live Tracking can only be either activated or deactivated for all users. Live Tracking is deactivated by default and can be activated by a user at his or her own discretion before each activity. By activating the feature, the user accepts the responsibility for such activation at his or her own risk. If the user does not want to give all users access to his or her training route and data, then Live Tracking should not be activated
4. USE AND SHARING OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE AND NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
4.1 Confidentiality and Security. iSKI deems all user information confidential and does not disclose such information without the express informed consent of the user. iSKI has implemented reasonable security policies and procedures designed to protect user information.
4.2 Registration. With Registration, the user explicitly agrees that iSKI shall have the right to use all collected personally identifiable information, for purposes of the iSKI Products and generally agrees with this Privacy Policy.
4.3 Sharing of Information. iSKI does not pass on personally identifiable information (see Section 2, above) to third parties, except as response to lawful requests from federal, state, local, or foreign law and civil enforcement agencies, as required by law, or with the explicit consent of the user, especially as set forth herein. iSKI implements all reasonable measures to prevent the unauthorized access by third parties to saved details.
4.3.1 iSKI transfers information of Registered Users to (i) other health and fitness services after Registered Users explicitly consent to the transfer when they connect to such services; and (ii) vendors, service providers, and other partners such as Google Analytics, Emarsys, Amazon Web Services (AWS), who help iSKI to provide and improve its services, such as providing technical infrastructure services or analyzing how the services perform or how they are used
4.3.2 Sensitive Data. Sensitive Data (sensible Daten) within the meaning of the DSG, such as heart rate data, will never be shared with advertisers or similar agencies
4.4 Advertising. The user explicitly consents to the storage and use of non-personally identifiable information for purposes of newsletter marketing or on iSKI.cc by iSKI/intermaps Ltd. or its partners.
4.5 Transmission and/or use of data within the iSKI/intermaps group. iSKI receives information from, and shares information with, its affiliates, agents, and business partners in the iSKI/intermaps group, e.g. BMW. The User Information shared with this group is aggregated data compiled from the information that it collects from Registered Users. We may use the information we receive from the group, and they may use the information we share with them, to help operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our services and their offerings
4.6 Heart Rate Monitor. Personal health information collected and stored by iSKI, and subsequently shared by the user via Heart Rate Monitor, may not be protected under the American Health insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
5. PLUGINS AND WIDGETS FOR SOCIAL MEDIA
5.1 The iSKI Products include social media plugins, such as (i) Facebook, 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA; (ii) Google +, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043; (iii) Twitter, 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA; (iv) WhatsApp, WhatsApp Inc., 650 Castro Street, Suite 120-219, Mountain View, CA 94041, USA.
5.2 Such plugins can recognize a user’s IP address and the page visited on the iSKI.cc platform and, possibly, store cookies, so that the services offered by iSKI work properly. Social media plugins and widgets are hosted either by third party providers or directly by us. Your interactions with these plugins are subject to this privacy policy or the privacy policy of any third party that offers such feature. iSKI is not responsible for the use of, or guidelines regarding the use of, personal data by third party providers.
5.3 Users may recognize the respective plugins, e.g., by the respective logo or other respective characteristic typical for the respective social media-platform on our pages. You can find an overview of Facebook-plugins here:
http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/
. You can find an overview of Google+-plugins here:
https://developers.google.com/+/web/
. You can find an overview of Twitter-plugins here:
https://dev.twitter.com/web/overview
.
5.4 If a user interacts with the plugins, e. g. by clicking on the Facebook "Like-Button" or entering a comment, while being logged in to such user's Social Media-account on Facebook, Google+, or Twitter, a user links the contents of the iSKI pages to his or her respective social media-profile. Thereby, Facebook/Google+/Twitter can associate a user's visit of the iSKI page or use of iSKI Products with such user's social media-account. iSKI/intermaps Ltd. as the provider of the iSKI Products does not have any knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its usage by Facebook, Google+, or Twitter. Users can also share finished activites via Whatsapp. Users can find more information on the issue of data transmission in the privacy policy of the respective social media-platform:
Facebook:
http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Google+:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Twitter:
https://twitter.com/privacy
Whatsapp:
https://twitter.com/privacy
5.5 If users do not want to have the respective social media-platform associate their visits on our site with their social media-account, users must log out from their social media-account.
6. COOKIES
6.1 General. Several areas of the iSKI.cc website use 'cookies' ─ small text files that are placed on the user's computer and stored by the browser. They are used by iSKI to provide a more user-friendly, effective and secure service. Cookies also enable iSKI to identify a user's browser and offer services to such user. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information.
6.2 Installation. You can prevent the installation of cookies by entering the corresponding settings in your browser software. However, please note that in this case you may not be able to use the complete range of functions of the iSKI.cc platform to its full extent.
7. GOOGLE ANALYTICS AND APP ANALYTICS
7.1 The iSKI Products use Google Analytics, a web analysis service by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses 'cookies' (see Section 6, above). The information about your visit collected by the cookies, including your IP address, is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and saved there. To the extent that the iSKI Products have activated IP anonymization, Google first abbreviates your IP address within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA or Asia and abbreviated there. Google will use the information collected on behalf of the website operator to evaluate your use of the iSKI Products, to compile reports about your activities within the iSKI Products, and to provide further services to iSKI related to use of the iSKI Products and Internet use. Google will under no circumstances associate the IP address transmitted by your browser within the operations of Google Analytics with other Google data.
7.2 You can prevent the data related to your use of the iSKI.cc platform, including your IP address, generated by the cookies from being recorded by Google and Google's processing of this data by downloading and installing the browser plugin from the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
7.3 Furthermore, you can prevent the future data capture by setting an Opt Out-Cookie via the following link: Deactivate Google Analytics Further information regarding terms of use and privacy provisions may be found on the websites
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html
and
https://www.google.de/intl/en/policies/
. The iSKI Products expanded the Google Analytics-Service with the “anonymizeIP”-Code to anonymize the user’s IP-address.
7.4 The iSKI Products use Google DoubleClick for Publishers (“DFP”). DFP uses Cookies to provide the user with user-relevant advertisements – further information may be found at
https://support.google.com/dfp_premium/answer/2839090?hl=en
. The user may disable the DFP’s cookie placement and the placement of user-relevant advertisements for use of the iSKI.cc platform via the website:
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences
.
8. GOOGLE FIT
8.1 General. The app provides the possibility to connect with Google Fit. For this purpose the users have to sign in with their Google account and agree to the required permissions.
8.2 Use of data. The app accesses physical activity data (Walking, running, …) from Google Fit and visualizes them in the app. The users can choose single activities in order to add them to their iSKI community account.
9. CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
9.1. Changes to this Privacy Policy require the consent of the respective user, to whom the changed Privacy Policy shall apply. If iSKI intends to implement such changes, it will give the user as much prior notice of such changes as possible. Such notice shall be made on the relevant pages of the iski.cc platform or on any other device through which the user accesses the iSKI Products. Any such modifications will take effect within thirty days of publication. This policy was last modified on 26th October, 2017.
10. DELETION OF USER INFORMATION
10.1 In case of a termination of the Registered User’s account
10.1.1 All personal details provided by the user upon Registration shall be deactivated. Any details made public by the user, e.g., routes, notes on other Registered Users’ walls, will be (i) anonymized, i.e., it will be made clear that such details were provided by a deleted user, or (ii) deleted, in the event of cancellation, within thirty days; and
10.1.2 Upon the Registered User’s request, all User Information not required for iSKI’s performance of contractual obligations or compliance with statutory retention obligations, shall be irrevocably deleted. The user shall request such deletion by email sent to delete.account@iSKI.cc, which shall include the email address provided to iSKI upon Registration, or via the website. iSKI will comply with such requests within twenty days and maintain a record of the deletion for one year after the deletion
11. YOUR CONSENT
11.1 By using our site as a non-registered user, you consent to our privacy policy only for those areas not subject to Registration. Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website and apps. https://iski.cc/en/privacy-iski.html