How we protect your personal information
It is important that you feel safe with Västtrafik. Including when it comes to your privacy. On this page you can read about what personal data we store and why. Everything is done in a secure and legal manner in accordance with the EU’s GDPR, the General Data Protection Regulation.
Here at Västtrafik, we have always safeguarded your personal privacy and we always will. We would never pass your personal data to a third party, for example.
This privacy policy describes how Västtrafik processes your personal data and applies when you use Västtrafik’s services or are in contact with us in a different way.
Here you can read about what personal data we store and why. You are then welcome to get in touch with us if you have any questions.
Västtrafik AB is responsible for your data
Västtrafik AB, org. no. 556558-5873, is responsible for your personal data being processed in a legal manner.
Västtrafik's privacy policy
How we protect your personal data
Västtrafik safeguards your privacy and always protects your personal data using the technical and organisational measures necessary in each individual case and ensures that processing takes place in accordance with relevant legislation.
How Västtrafik obtains your data
When you travel by public transport or use one of Västtrafik’s services, you provide some form of information to Västtrafik. For example, when you top up and use your Västtrafikkort, register for My account on Västtrafik’s website, take part in competitions and promotions, make a claim for delay compensation, etc.
Sometimes Västtrafik also obtains personal data from sources other than you. This may be data, for example, from your municipal authority, the Swedish Transport Agency, SPAR or other public sources, and also hospital trips in Region Västra Götaland or Region Västra Götaland’s population register Västfolket, for the purposes of credit checks and address updates, for example.
Examples of the kind of data we process
This may include your name, e-mail address, telephone number, postal address, date of birth, personal identity number, purchase and travel history, payment information, information about your customer status and other information that you have provided to us or which is necessary in order for us to fulfil our obligations to you.
How we use your personal data
Västtrafik has the right to process the personal data necessary to fulfil our obligations to you or if you have given your consent to our processing of your data. Västtrafik may also need to process your personal data as a result of legal or statutory requirements.
In some cases, Västtrafik may need your consent before processing your personal data. When you give consent in such cases, you will always be given clear information about what you are consenting to.
We may use your personal data for purposes including the following:
To provide you with good service:
We administer and process your ticket purchase.
We handle and administer your questions to Västtrafik’s Customer service.
We administer and handle the booking and provision of transportation service journeys, hospital trips and other journeys using demand-responsive services, for example.
We provide Wi-Fi in our travel centres.
We administer lost property.
We administer your account on My account and in the Västtrafik To Go app.
To provide you with relevant information and offers:
We send newsletters containing information about public transport.
We perform analyses so that we can provide you with relevant marketing offers and information.
We send e-mails and text notifications about service disruptions and any changes to services.
We administer your participation in competitions and promotions.
To develop public transport and demand-responsive* transport:
We collect statistics in order to develop Västtrafik’s services and so improve transport for as many people as possible.
We carry out voluntary market surveys and questionnaires that give you the opportunity to influence our range and services.
For journeys made using demand-responsive* services:
We administer journey bookings.
We provide booked journeys.
We investigate incidents and comments from you as a customer, as well as from your municipality and hospital trips in Region Västra Götaland.
We carry out voluntary customer surveys.
We report journeys and statistics to your municipality and hospital trips in Region Västra Götaland.
*Demand-responsive services include journeys by transportation service, hospital trips, school journeys, care journeys and daycare journeys within demand-responsive services.
To conduct checks:
We perform credit checks for credit purchases.
When you buy online, we need to confirm that you are of the legal minimum age.
We prevent misuse or inappropriate use of our services.
We check the validity of your ticket and if necessary issue a penalty fare.
Information and images may be requested for investigative purposes. The submitted material is then handled by authorized personnel within the framework of the investigation.
Who has access to your data
Your personal data is used by Västtrafik and by Västtrafik’s data processors, such as Västtrafik’s booking centre, Västtrafik’s partner companies, municipalities and hospital trips in Region Västra Götaland. We do not pass your personal data to other companies unless we need to do so on the basis of law, ordinance or public authority decision or in order to protect our rights or those of third parties.
We never pass on, sell or exchange your personal data for marketing purposes to third parties outside Västtrafik. Data is passed to third parties (such as transport companies) only where this is necessary for the provision of public transport services, ticket sales or other necessary services.
Västtrafik is subject to the principle of public access. This means that certain documents constitute what are called official documents, which Västtrafik must disclose if someone requests this. Before disclosure, a secrecy review is performed in accordance with the Swedish Public Access to Information and Secrecy Act.
How long we store your data for
Västtrafik stores your personal data in accordance with the erasure decisions that apply to Västtrafik and which have been approved by the Regional Archive. The erasure decisions contain information about when Västtrafik can delete documents containing your personal data.
You can view all transactions linked to your registered Västtrafikkort on My account for 90 days.
Your rights
You have the right to request information about what personal data we have stored about you at any time (free of charge once a year). Your request must be made in writing, signed by you and include your name and personal identity number. We need this in order to ensure that we provide information to the right person.
Send your request for a register extract or information or for the correction of incorrect data to: Västtrafik AB, Registrator, Box 123, 541 23 Skövde. The information will be sent to your registered address in the population register.
If your data at Västtrafik is incorrect, incomplete or irrelevant, you can request to have it corrected. We cannot delete data that constitutes an official document or where there is a statutory requirement for it to be stored, such as under accounting regulations. Nor can we delete data where there are other legitimate reasons why the data must be stored, such as unpaid debts.
You also have the right to complain to The Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection's (IMY), which is the supervisory authority for the processing of personal data.
How do I withdraw my consent to the processing of my personal data?
If you are a registered customer on My account, you can deregister and withdraw your consent on My Pages at any time. You can also withdraw your consent to our use of your data for marketing purposes.
Personal data in relation to transportation service journeys, hospital trips, school journeys, care journeys and daycare journeys within demand-responsive services
To enable Västtrafik to administer and provide your journey by demand-responsive service in the best possible manner in accordance with the terms agreed by your municipality or Region Västra Götaland, Västtrafik needs to process certain personal data about you.
How Västtrafik obtains your personal data
Your personal data can come from many different sources, including you, your municipality, hospital trips in Region Västra Götaland or Region Västra Götaland’s population register, Västfolket.
Examples of personal data processed by Västtrafik
Examples of personal data processed include your name, address, personal identity number, telephone number and information about what is decided about your trips by your municipality or Region Västra Götaland.
How Västtrafik uses your personal data
Västtrafik has the right to process the personal data necessary to fulfil our obligations to your municipality or Region Västra Götaland to plan and execute your trips, or if you have given your consent to Västtrafik processing your personal data. Västtrafik may also need to process your personal data as a result of legal or statutory requirements.
In some cases, Västtrafik may need your consent before processing your personal data. When you give consent in such cases, you will always be given clear information about what you are consenting to.
Västtrafik may use your personal data in the provision of your journey for purposes including the following:
administering journey bookings
providing booked journeys
investigating incidents and comments from you as a customer, as well as from your municipality and hospital trips in Region Västra Götaland
carrying out voluntary customer surveys
reporting journeys and statistics to your municipality and hospital trips in Region Västra Götaland
quality improvement and education
Who has access to your personal data
Your personal data is used by Västtrafik and by Västtrafik’s data processors, such as Västtrafik’s Customer and trip service, Västtrafik’s partner companies (transport companies for example), municipalities and hospital trips in Region Västra Götaland.
Västtrafik does not pass your personal data to other companies or authorities unless we need to do so on the basis of law, ordinance or public authority decision or in order to protect our rights or those of third parties.
Västtrafik never passes on, sells or exchanges your personal data for marketing purposes to third parties outside Västtrafik. Personal data is passed to third parties such as partner companies only where this is necessary for the provision of public transport services, ticket sales or other services.
Västtrafik is subject to the principle of public access. This means that certain documents constitute what are called official documents, which may be disclosed on request. Before disclosure, a secrecy review is performed in accordance with the Swedish Public Access to Information and Secrecy Act.
If you want to know more
Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions about our processing of your personal data. You are welcome to call us on
020-91 90 90
and select option 4 for Customer service.
Personal data when travelling with Västtrafik buss on demand
This privacy policy applies to our service and app Västtrafik Buss on demand, which has been developed together with Padam Mobility. In the policy, you can read about what personal data we save and why. Everything is done in a secure and legal manner in accordance with the EU’s GDPR, the General Data Protection Regulation.
Transfer to third countries
Västtrafik transfers personal data to countries outside the EU/EEA only if the country has an adequate level of protection according to the EU or the European Commission, or if this is specifically indicated when you provide your personal data to us.
Camera surveillance
Västtrafik's camera surveillance and how we handle recorded material.
Cookies
Västtrafik’s website uses small text files, called cookies, to make navigating our website easier for you. They are mainly used to collect statistics about users’ visits and improve the user experience. This may include storing selections you make on our website, for example. We also use cookies for certain types of marketing.
How Västtrafik uses cookies
Updating this privacy policy
Västtrafik continuously updates this policy. Each new version applies when it is made available at this website.
For those of you who want to know more
If you have any questions about our processing of personal data, you are welcome to contact our Customer service by calling 0771-41 43 00 or writing to us.
If you have any questions for our Customer service about demand-responsive* services, you are welcome to contact us by calling 020-91 90 90 and selecting option 4.
If you have any comments on our processing of personal data under the General Data Protection Regulation, please contact our data protection officer by sending an email to
dataskyddsombud@vasttrafik.se
or writing to Box 123, 541 23 Skövde.
You can also visit
Swedish Authority for Privacy Protections website imy.se
for general information about your rights in relation to personal data.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.imy.se/other-lang/:
