Privacy policy for Baby Adopter® (by x2line).
At x2line, we respect the privacy of the users of our Baby Adopter® game and are committed to protecting it. 
We have created this policy to demonstrate our commitment to you and to help you understand it.
Baby Adopter® is a babysitting, nursery and dress up game for people of all ages.
We do not and we will not collect or share our users' personal information.
We save user's game progress (which is essential for game operation) and maintain it's backup.
Baby Adopter is compliant with respective platforms' terms of services, advertising policies and general platform policies. Baby Adopter Dress Up is compliant with Designed for Families policies on Google Play.
x2line reserves the right to modify all or some of this Privacy Policy at any time without notice. 
If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post a notice on the website so our users are aware of 
what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. 
We will use information only in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which them information was collected 
unless we have received explicit authorization from the appropriate user(s) to do otherwise.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices or your dealings 
with this x2line, you can send an e-mail, in English, to
info@x2line.com
.
If you do not want x2line to collect, store, use, or share your information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, you may not play x2line's games or use x2line's other Services.
1. What data we are collecting and processing
Google Play: Since the game is in the "Designed for Families" we don't collect events for analytics. Google AdMob may collect some data for targeted advertising. We don't collect any user personal information.
We'll collect information related to in app purchases users make.
Google Play: We only use Google AdMob for advertising.
2. The purpose we are collecting that data
Google Play: We only collect in game data to maintain user's game progress in ephemeral way and it does not leave user's device. When the user comes back later she continues from the point she played the game last time maintaining her score and earned items.
3. How users may request deletion of that data
Google Admob retains analytics data for a limited amount of time after which it is deleted.
Additionally a user can send email via
info@x2line.com
and request data deletion - we will ask to delete any data in Google Admob.
Another option is send a message via official Facebook page:
here
- we will ask to delete any data in Google Admob.
Another option is send a direct message via feedback and support:
here
- we will ask to delete any data in Google Admob.
4. Customer Support Correspondence
We'll keep a record of any correspondence between us.
When you ask for help from our Customer Support team, we will collect and store the contact information you give (generally, your name and e-mail address) in order to provide support and improve the Services.
This data will be deleted promptly upon request via channels listed in the previous paragraph: support email, a message to Facebook page, a ticket on the Feedback and Support site.