Privacy
If you require any additional information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at
support@vividapps.com
.
At Vivid Apps, the privacy of our users is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information that is received, collected, and transmitted by the Pen and Paper iOS application and how it is used.
In general all data is stored locally on your device and no personal data is transmitted from the Pen and Paper application without your explicit consent, but it can still be difficult to determine which data the application collects and transmits when you do give your consent.
In the following we intend to outline the types of personal data the application may collect and transmit, but
please contact us if you feel something is unclear or that there is a matter that we do not describe in accurate detail.
Photos
Pen and Paper enables you to create notes with your own personal hand-writing and photos. You can select photos from your Photo Album on the device. Pen and Paper stores those photos and notes in your device's long-term memory, and they can be permanently removed via the "Notebooks" interface, by deleting the Pen and Paper application, or otherwise.
Your photos and notes are not transmitted by Pen and Paper from the device to Vivid Apps' or a third party's online server without your explicit consent. Photos and notes may be transmitted from the device when you choose to email or share them. They may also be transmitted to other devices via iCloud or iTunes synchronization, if you have explicitly set up synchronization between these devices.
When emailing notes, Pen and Paper uses the iOS email services, and only sends the email
to the recipients that you explicitly list on the email screen on your device. 
Note and photo data is not uploaded to or stored on Vivid App's or any third party's server except from the involved email servers.
Transmitted email data contains the notes and photo data.
Consult the privacy policy of your's and your recipient's email services to determine how your email data may be used by those services.
Login Information
When accessing your Dropbox account from within the app your login information such as username and password are required to access data from your account. The login information is not send to any party other than Dropbox. The login information is also only used briefly during the login process, and not stored in long-term memory on the device, but an access token with expiration date is used for easy access later.
Dropbox Documents
When accessing files from Dropbox, a list of data is downloaded to the device's short term memory. The list contains thumbnails of the files and metadata such as access dates and file size of the files. Filenames, associated data, and downloaded files may be stored in the device's long term memory, but are not transmitted from the device.
Crash Report Collection
The Pen and Paper application may exit abnormally in case of program error. In this case, a crash report will be generated that contains information about the location of the error in the program. Reports can be helpful to locate common program errors and improve the stability of the application. Should the user agree to send reports either by explicitly stating so, or by having enabled crash reporting in the device settings, these reports will be transmitted to online report-collecting servers and accessed by Vivid Apps. Reports do not contain any personal information.
Usage Tracking
Except from aforementioned crash reports, Pen and Paper does not explicitly collect and transmit usage data.
However, when you explicitly login and access your account on Dropbox or other external services from within Pen and Paper, 
Pen and Paper communicates with those third party network services. The communication 
may enable the third party to track that you are using Pen and Paper with the service, which parts of the service
you access via Pen and Paper, as well as other usage. Please consult the privacy policy of the specific service to learn more.
Changes
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time as the application is updated and new features are added. Please return to this page regularly for changes.