Privacy Notice
Last updated on 4 December 2024
Respecting the privacy rights of our customers is very important to us. We are committed to complying with all applicable data protection and privacy legislation in force from time to time including the UK General Data Protection Regulation; the Data Protection Act 2018 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 (SI 2003/2426) as amended or updated from time to time (the “Data Protection Legislation”). References to “processing”, “personal data”, “processor”, “controller” and “data subject” shall bear their respective meanings given in the Data Protection Legislation. This privacy notice explains how we collect, store and use personal data about you when you visit our websites (dominos.co.uk and dominos.ie) and our mobile, tablet and other applications (our “Sites”). This notice applies to all our Sites regardless of how they are made available to you or accessed by you.
Please read this privacy notice carefully before you start using our Sites, as this notice will apply to your use of our Sites.
If you do not want your data to be used as set out in this privacy notice, you should not use our Sites.
Your use of our Sites, including any orders you place, is governed by our Terms and Conditions of Sale, Terms of Use and our Cookie Policy. Please take the time to read these, as they include important terms which apply to you.
WHO ARE WE?
The controller of our Sites is Domino's Pizza UK & Ireland Limited (“Domino’s") (“we”, “us” or “our”) of 1 Thornbury, West Ashland, Milton Keynes MK6 4BB. If you have any questions about how we process your personal data, please contact the Data Protection Officer at Domino’s Head Office, 1 Thornbury, West Ashland, Milton Keynes MK6 4BB or via email to dataprotection@dominos.co.uk.
Domino's is a franchised business, where almost all stores are owned and operated by independent Domino’s franchisees (each a “Franchisee” and together our “Franchisees”). In this notice, references to “Domino’s”, “we”, “us” and “our” do not include our Franchisees and this notice does not apply to or cover the practices of our Franchisees. Please see our joint controller statement available
here
for further information on the legal relationship between us and our Franchisees in relation to your personal information.
Each Franchisee is independently responsible for its own legal and regulatory compliance and for the operation of its own Domino’s store(s) (our “Store(s)”) and all compliance arising from any transactions with you, any products ordered by you from our Sites and any products ordered from our Stores.
When we refer to the "Domino's Family" we mean us together with our Franchisees.
If you would like to review the privacy notice and practices of any of our Franchisees, please contact the relevant Franchisee Store directly.
What information do we collect and why do we collect it?
Direct Marketing
Who do we share this information with?
Where do we store your personal data?
Your rights
Linking
Changes to our privacy notice
How to Contact Us
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND WHY DO WE COLLECT IT?
When you visit our Sites, we may collect:
1) Information such as your browser type and version and technical information of a non-biographical nature collected from cookies or similar technologies when you are browsing our Sites. We’ll also store the food that you last ordered (up to 5 orders) and your saved pizzas so we can improve your reordering experience in future. We collect this information to help us understand how to improve our services and our Sites and to ensure that the content on our Sites is presented to you in an effective manner. We have a legitimate interest for this processing: to ensure that our Sites are operating effectively and to provide you with a great service. We will store this personal information for as long as necessary and will delete this personal information in accordance with our retention policy. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy; and
2) Personal information such as your name, address, date of birth, IP address, telephone number, email address, university attended and graduation date, as provided by you when you register to MyDomino’s, enter a competition with us, use a discount code via Student Beans or UNiDAYS or place an order with us. We collect this information for the following reasons:
To process orders placed on our Sites. We collect this information and share it with our Stores to process your order. Our Stores may share your information with relevant Store staff members to facilitate the delivery of your order. If you fail to provide us with the information that we request, then you may not be able to place an order via our Sites. This processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party. We will store this personal information for as long as necessary and will delete this personal information in accordance with our retention policy. We engage third party processors to process the payment of your order online. If you consent to them doing so, the third party processors may store your payment card details to speed up your transaction time the next time you order from us.
To create your MyDomino’s account. We rely on your consent to store your MyDomino’s account information. We will store this personal information in accordance with our retention policy. If you want to change your account settings, please login to your account and follow the instructions provided;
If you choose to save your details when you place an order with us. We store this information to improve your customer experience. We rely on consent to store this information and will store this personal information in accordance with our retention policy.
For product development (for example, call backs for feedback on new products), for statistical analysis, market research, testing and survey purposes, to notify you about changes to our Sites or our services. We may also use your online browsing behaviour and your collection and delivery purchases to help us better understand you as a customer and to ensure our food and services meet your current and future needs. We have a legitimate interest to collect this information: to continue to improve the services we and our Franchisees provide to you. We will store this personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for and will delete this personal information in accordance with our retention policy;
To ensure you receive marketing and offers that are of most interest and relevance to you. To help us achieve this, we may share your data with third party companies to understand your purchasing options and provide you with direct marketing and online advertising. We have a legitimate interest to collect this information: to get to know your preferences and to personalise our offers to you to improve the marketing you receive from us. We will store this personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for and will delete this personal information in accordance with our retention policy. However, if you have not placed an order for 25 months, you will not receive any further email or sms marketing messages from us until such time as you order from us again. You can opt out of receiving this direct marketing at any time, please see below for further information;
To send you service messages such as order confirmations and delivery driver tipping notifications. We have a legitimate interest to collect this information: to keep you updated on the status of your order and to provide you with a method of tipping your delivery driver using an electronic payment transfer. We will store this personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for and will delete this personal information in accordance with our retention policy;
To facilitate any competitions you may enter with us. This processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party; and
To send you email marketing in relation to our Loyalty Scheme; Domino’s Rewards. We have a legitimate interest to collect this information: to provide you with updates, offers and promotions in relation to our loyalty scheme. You can opt out of receiving this loyalty marketing at any time, please see below for further information.
We may also collect your social media username (including forename and surname) and profile photo if you interact with us through our social media channels. We have a legitimate interest to collect this information: to help us respond to your comments, questions or feedback via our social media channels. We will store this personal information for as long as necessary and will delete this personal information in accordance with our retention policy.
DIRECT MARKETING
When you place an order on our Sites, we, and/or the Store that processes and, where applicable, delivers your order (“Relevant Store”) will send you occasional direct marketing via email and SMS about similar products and services. We and/or the Relevant Store have a legitimate interest in sending you this marketing: to promote our products and services to our customers and to make sure you are aware of the best offers and deals available. We and/or the Relevant Store rely on the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations in order to send direct marketing to our existing customers, specifically regulation 22 (3), which allows us and/or the Relevant Store to send electronic marketing to you about the same or similar products you have ordered through our Sites and/or the Relevant Store, as long as you are given an opportunity to opt out at the point of data collection and in every subsequent message sent to you. If you opt out on the order checkout page, we will remember your preference for a period of up to 6 months. If you subsequently order again and do not opt out on the order checkout page, we may recommence marketing to you after the period of 6 months has expired.
To permanently opt out of email and sms marketing, please visit our marketing preferences page or click the unsubscribe link in any of our email or sms marketing.
We and/or the Relevant Store, may send you occasional marketing via post. We and/or the Relevant Store have a legitimate interest in sending you this marketing: to promote our products and services to our customers and to make sure you are aware of the best offers and deals available.
When you download our app, we may send you occasional direct marketing via push notifications about the best offers and deals available. We rely on your consent to send you push notifications.
When you add the Domino’s QR code to your mobile phone device wallet, we may send you occasional direct marketing through your device’s wallet about the best offers and deals available. We rely on your consent to send you wallet notifications.
Can I stop receiving direct marketing?
Yes! We give you an opportunity to opt out of email and sms marketing at the point we collect your data by ticking the relevant boxes on the order checkout page. We will remember your preferences for up to 6 months. You are also always free to unsubscribe from direct marketing at any time. This will never have an impact on our commitment to provide you with great service and a quality product. To permanently opt out of email and sms marketing, please
click here
to visit our marketing preference centre and update your preferences. To opt out of push notifications or mobile wallet ads, simply update your preferences on your device. We will stop sending you marketing messages as soon as possible but, in any event, will do so no later than 48 hours from your request. If you opt out of email or sms marketing, we will record your marketing preference indefinitely.
How long do you keep me opted in for direct marketing?
If you haven’t placed an order in 25 months, then we will automatically opt you out of receiving further email and sms direct marketing. If you order from us again and have not previously opted out via the marketing preferences page, we may recommence sending marketing communications to you.
Loyalty marketing
We give you an opportunity to opt out of loyalty scheme marketing at the point we collect your data by ticking the relevant box on the loyalty scheme sign up page. You are also always free to unsubscribe from loyalty marketing at any time. To opt out of loyalty marketing emails, please either follow the instructions in the last loyalty marketing email message you received or contact us
here
and mention “Domino’s Rewards” and “marketing opt out” in the comments.
To opt out of push notifications, simply update your preferences on your device. We will stop sending you loyalty marketing messages as soon as possible but, in any event, will do so no later than 48 hours from your request.
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?
We may share your personal information with third party companies to perform data matching, data analysis or online advertising services on our behalf, including Google, Facebook, Twitter, Snapchat, Instagram, Sky, Channel 4, Infosum Limited, Radius Networks Inc, Twilio Inc, Service Management Group Limited, Braze Inc and Epsilon Data Interactive Inc, trading as Agility. These third parties will only be permitted to use your personal information for the purpose of performing the relevant services for us and not for any other purpose. Please see “What information do we collect and why do we collect it?” above for further information. Should you wish to object to us sharing your data with any of the above mentioned companies, please
click here
to visit our preference centre and update your preferences.
We may share your personal information with the Domino’s Family in accordance with our joint controller statement.
We share your personal information with our Stores to process orders placed on our Sites and to provide you with information about our products and the best deals and offers available.
We may share your personal information with our third-party direct marketing companies Text Management Limited and Braze Inc for the purpose of sending you promotional sms and email messages and for sending you service emails or sms messages.
We may also share your personal information with a purchaser or a potential purchaser of our business. We have a legitimate interest to do this: to assist with the sale or potential sale of our business.
In some circumstances, we may have to disclose your personal information by law, because a court or the police or other legal or regulatory enforcement agency has asked us for it.
We require all third parties that we work with to treat your personal information as confidential and to fully comply with all applicable Data Protection Legislation.
WHERE DO WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") pursuant to: (a) model clauses published by the European Commission as set out in the Annex to the Commission Implementing decision C(2021) 3972 dated 4 July 2021 (Module 2 – controller to processor)) or (b) model clauses published by the European Commission as set out in the Annex to the Commission Implementing decision C(2021) 3972 dated 4 July 2021 (Module 1 - controller to controller) available here. Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy notice.
In the event that any lawful basis were to be invalidated, we shall ensure data is transferred via an alternative, valid transfer mechanism then in existence.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of any data transmitted to our Sites and any transmission is at your own risk.
Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and corporate policies to safeguard and secure the information we receive.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have a right to request access to or rectification of your personal data which we hold about you. You also have a right to erase your personal data, to restrict the processing of your personal data and the right to receive your personal data that you have provided to us and to transit such personal data to another controller.
You have the right to object at any time to any processing of your personal data where our lawful basis for such processing is legitimate interests.
To exercise any of your rights, please contact us at dataprotection@dominos.co.uk or write to us at Domino's Head Office, 1 Thornbury, West Ashland, Milton Keynes MK6 4BB for the attention of the Data Protection Officer.
If you are from the police or any other regulatory body and you require information to be disclosed pursuant to any of the Data Protection Act 2018 exemptions, please contact us at DPA.Requests@dominos.co.uk.
Please note, when dealing with a data subject request, we have a duty to take reasonable measures to verify the identity of the data subject who has made the request.
If you are concerned about our processing of your personal data, you have a right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK.
Please note that we cannot comply with a request relating to personal data held exclusively by any of our Franchisees as we do not have access to this information. You should make a request to the Franchisee directly via your local Store.
If you think any information we have about you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to us or email us and we will correct or update any information as soon as possible.
LINKING
We may link to other websites which are not within our control. Once you have left our Sites, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
Any changes we make to this privacy notice will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy notice.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our privacy notice, please contact the Data Protection Officer at Domino’s Head Office, 1 Thornbury, West Ashland, Milton Keynes MK6 4BB or via email to dataprotection@dominos.co.uk.