This Privacy Policy was last modified on November 22,2018.
MINDPOWER, Inc. We operates http://www.mindpowersoftware.com . This
                                page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and
                                disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of our
                                apps.
We are not collecting any data from you.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Apps, we currently not asking you for any
                                information.
Log Data
We currently are not collecting any log data.
Cookies
We are not using cookies.
Kids’s Privacy
Our Service does address Kids under the age of 18 ("Children").
                                We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us.
If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but
                                remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method
                                of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use
                                commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information,
                                we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
MINDPOWER, Inc. may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We
                                will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on
                                the Site. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically
                                for any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact
                                us at admin@mindpowersoftware.com.
back to my website