Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Last updated on 12.11.2024
Privacy policy
BeiZ has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. We want to provide fun, educational and safe moments for all children who play our games. By using or accessing the Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we collect, use and share your information in following ways
What does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This privacy policy covers BeiZ’s treatment of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) that we gather when you are accessing or using our Services, but not to the practices of companies we do not own or control, or people that we do not manage.
The Short version:
Children’s Personal Information
If you are a under the age of 13, you may only use our services and disclose Personal Information with your parent’s or guardian’s express consent.
Advertisements and links
Our paid games contain no banner ads of third party games. Facebook, Twitter and other links are always child-protected. Our free games are for trial use, and have safe advertisements for our own games, and in some cases safe 3rd party advertisements. Lola Panda games do not contain in-app purchases or possibilities for accidental purchases, unless clearly stated in the game description.
User information
We use reputable third parties, such as Google Analytics, to gather information about users as a group, since we want to continuously improve our games. We follow statistics like median game session length, number of game sessions per week, and possible game malfunctions. We do not follow those statistics or any other details per user.
Opt-Out of Emails and Notifications
If you give us your email address, we may occasionally email you with offers, promotions, or information of interest. To opt out of emails from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions contained in the emails, or contact us at support@beiz.com.
Our applications may deliver notifications to your device. You can disable these notifications in your device settings or by removing the application.
The Long version:
Children’s Personal Information
If you are under the age of 13, you may only use our services and disclose Personal Information with your parent or guardian’s express consent.
If a BeiZ game or service requires registration, or Personal Information in other forms, the information for a child under 13 must be provided by a parent, legal guardian, or a teacher with parental consent for providing the Personal Information. By providing Personal Information, you certify that you are a parent, guardian, or teacher who is legally authorized to provide the information, and consent to be responsible for the child’s use of the game or service.
If we learn that we have received Personal Information from a person under the age of 13, or adult who does not have legal authority to provide the information, we will delete that information as soon as possible. If you believe that a person under the age of 13 has provided us personal information, please contact us at support@beiz.com.
Automatically collected information about users
To be able to improve our website, games, and services, we gather statistical information about their users. We do not automatically collect or store personally identifiable information about individual users. The statistical information that we gather contains, for example, average game session length, malfunctions, and the number of daily users. The statistics also identify the country, state, or major city where the user is located. We may share our statistics with our partners, but never in a manner that could allow identifying an individual user.
Information that you provide us
We receive and store any information that you knowingly provide us. For example, through a registration process, we may collect Personal Information such as your name, email address, payment information, and third-party account credentials (for example, your login credentials for Facebook or other third party sites). If you provide your third-party account credentials to us or otherwise sign in to the Services through a third party site or service, you understand some content and/or information in those accounts (“Third Party Account Information”) may be transmitted into your account with us, and that Third Party Account Information transmitted to our Services is covered by this Privacy Policy. During the registration process we may also collect information about your child, which you provide to us, such as your child’s name, age, and gender. We do not collect personally identifiable information from your child directly, only information that you may provide to us. Any such information about your child that you provide to us is considered Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy. Certain information may be required to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.
We may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, we may send you promotional email offers, or email you about your use of our services. If you do not want to receive emails from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions contained in the emails, or contact us at support@beiz.com.
Our applications may deliver notifications to your device. You can disable these notifications in your device settings or by removing the application.
Cookies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we may transfer to your computer through your browser, to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our site are visited and by how many people. We use cookies to enhance visitors’ experiences, to learn more about their use of the Website and to improve quality. Company cookies do not collect Personal Information or Children’s Personal Information, and we do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other Personal Information or Children’s Personal Information to tell us who you are or what your screen name or email address is. Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. We strongly recommend that you leave the cookies activated, however, because cookies enable you to take advantage of some of our Website’s most attractive features. If third party links appear through advertisements on the Website, those third party sites may use cookies. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Company and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers or third parties.
Sharing of Personal Information
We neither rent nor sell your Personal Information or Children’s Personal Information to anyone. We only share Children’s Personal Information associated with your account directly with you to report on your child’s performance using our services. We never share that Children’s Personal Information with any third party. Usage data (i.e. performance in games, etc. available on the Services) is shared through aggregated, anonymous comparisons, but never in a way that could personally identify the child.
Affiliated Businesses that We Do Not Control: We anticipate that we may become affiliated with other businesses and work closely with them. In certain situations, these businesses may sell items to you through the Website. In other situations, we may provide services, or sell products jointly with affiliated businesses. We will not share your Children’s Personal Information in connection with any commercial third party transaction or service. You can easily recognize when an affiliated business is associated with your transaction, and we will share your adult’s Personal Information that is related to such transactions with that affiliated business.
Agents: We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and may need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you. Examples include sending email, analyzing data, and providing user services. Unless we tell you differently, our agents do not have any right to use Personal Information or Children’s Personal Information that we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. You hereby consent to our sharing of Personal Information and Children’s Personal Information for the above purposes.
User profiles: User profile information including your user name, email address, and other information you enter (“User Submissions”) may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the Website. Minors are not allowed to enter or upload User Submissions. If the registration process is completed correctly, no Children’s Personal Information will ever be displayed to any third party through a User Profile. Email addresses are used to add new User Submissions to user profiles and to communicate through User Submissions. Users’ email addresses will not be directly revealed to our other users, except, when the user is ”connected” to another user via a shared group membership, or an invitation, or if the user has chosen to include their email address in their User Profile.
Communication about the Website or in response to User Submissions: As part of the website and services, we may send you email and other communication relating to your child’s progress and use of the services or User Submissions. You acknowledge and agree that by allowing your child to use the website and services, and by posting such User Submissions, we may send you email and other communication that it determines in its sole discretion relate to such activity and your User Submissions.
Promotional Offers: We may send offers to you on behalf of other businesses. However, if we do so, we do not give the other business your name and address. If you do not wish to receive these offers, please send an email with your request to support@beiz.com.
Business Transfers: In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that are transferred. Moreover, if BeiZ, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that BeiZ goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, customer information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of BeiZ may continue to use your Personal Information and Children’s Personal Information as set forth in this policy.
Protection of BeiZ and Others: We may release Personal Information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of BeiZ, our employees, our users, or others.
With Your Consent: Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your Personal Information may be shared with third parties, and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information.
Security of Personal Information
Your account is protected by a password for your privacy and security. If you access your account via a third party site or service, you may have additional or different sign-on protections via that third party site or service. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
We endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other Personal Information we hold in our records, but unfortunately, we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.
Access to Personal Information
Through your account settings, you may view and, in some cases, edit or delete the information that you have provided us. This information may change as our services change, but is likely to include:
• name and password
• email address
• location
• user profile information, including the name, age and gender of your child
• Third Party account credentials
If you update or remove your information, it is possible that some of the original information remains in our records afterwards.
If you have any questions about viewing or updating information that we have about you and/or your child, please contact us at support@beiz.com.
What choices do I have?
You can opt not to disclose information to us, but some information may be needed to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.
Advertisements and links
Our paid games contain no banner ads of third party games. Facebook, Twitter and other links are always child-protected. Our free games are for trial use, and have safe advertisements for our own games, and in some cases safe 3rd party advertisements. Lola Panda games do not contain in-app purchases or possibilities for accidental purchases, unless clearly stated in the game description.
Third-Party Data Collection and Use of End-User Information
When you use or connect to a Lola Panda website or download a Lola Panda application by or through a Third Party Platform — including Facebook — you allow us to access and/or collect information from your Third Party Platform profile/account. You additionally allow us to access information contained in cookies placed on your device by the Third Party Platform as permitted by the terms of your agreement and privacy settings with the Third Party Platform. We may share this information with the Third Party Platform for their use, as permitted by the terms of your agreement and privacy settings with the Third Party Platform.
We will share some of the statistics that we collect from you with vendors and other service providers who work with us to support the internal operations of our website and/or application. For example, we use a third-party service for ad tracking and to help us prepare website and mobile application analytics.
Our third-party ad tracking and analytics company never sends emails, notifications, or other communications to our end users. If you would like to opt out of third-party ad tracking and analytics, please visit
www.optoutmobile.com/optOut
. Your choice to opt out of ad tracking and analytics services does not limit our ability to email you or collect other information from you for other vendors, subject to the terms of this privacy policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information that we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information or Children’s Personal Information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Website. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information. By continuing to access or use the services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
Questions or Concerns
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy on our Website, please send us a detailed message at support@beiz.com. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
This web site is operated by BeiZ Oy (“BeiZ”). Our headquarters are located at:
Rautatienkatu 21 B, 33100 Tampere, Finland.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off by clicking settings.
Close GDPR Cookie Banner
Accept
Reject
Settings
Close GDPR Cookie Banner
Change cookie settings
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Cookie Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Cookie Policy
More information about our
Cookie Policy