If you're seeing this message, that means
JavaScript has been disabled on your browser
, please
enable JS
to make this app work.
MRX
Real men - no attitude
Privacy Policy
WE ARE COMMITTED TO PROTECTING YOUR PRIVACY
DH Services, LLC (“MR X”) takes your privacy seriously. Our users’ privacy is at the core of the way we design and build the services and products you use everyday, so that you can fully trust them and focus on meeting other users locally and globally.
We do not compromise with your privacy.
We design all of our products and services with your privacy in mind.
We strive to be transparent in the way we process your data.
Our revised Privacy Policy is written in plain language. We actually want you to read our policies and understand our privacy practices!
We work hard to keep your information secure.
We are dedicated to keeping your data safe and secure!
PRIVACY POLICY
Welcome to MR X’s Privacy Policy. Thank you for taking the time to read it.
We appreciate that you trust us with your information and we intend to always keep that trust. This starts with making sure you understand the information we collect, why we collect it, how it is used and your choices regarding your information.
This Privacy Policy applies beginning October 22, 2021
EFFECTIVE DATE: October 22, 2021
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TERMS OF SERVICE (“TOS”) CAREFULLY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR OUR TOS, DO NOT USE OR VISIT ANY OF OUR WEBSITES OR APPS. BY USING OR VISITING ANY OF THE WEBSITE OR APPS, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR TOS.
WHO ARE WE
The company (the “data controller”) that is responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy is:
DH Services, LLC 174 West 4th Street Suite 328 New York, NY 10014
WHERE THE PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES
This Privacy Policy applies to websites, apps, events and other services operated by MR X. For simplicity, we refer to all of these as our “services” in this Privacy Policy. To make it extra clear, we’ve added links to this Privacy Policy on all applicable services.
DH Services, LLC is a U.S.-based Company.
By using the MR X services, you are transmitting information to the United States. If you are a resident of another country, note that the United States may not afford the same privacy protections as your country of residence. As a result, United States federal and state governments, courts, or law enforcement or regulatory agencies may be able to obtain disclosure of your information through laws applicable in the United States.
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT - WHERE, WHEN, AND HOW
We can’t help you meet other users without some information about you, such as basic profile details. We also collect information generated as you use our services, for example access logs, as well as information from third parties, like when you access our services through a social media account. If you want additional info, we go into more detail below.
•	Personal Data You Are Required to Provide.
When you set-up an account, we require that you provide limited Personal Data such as email or phone number and data of birth.
•	Personal Data You Have the Option to Provide.
When you complete your profile, you can share with us additional information, such as details about your physical attributes, interests, as well as content such as photos and videos. To add certain content, such as pictures or videos, you may allow us to access your camera or photo album. Some of the information you choose to provide may be considered “special” or “sensitive” in certain jurisdictions, for example your racial or ethnic origins, sexual orientation or HIV status. By choosing to provide this information, you consent to our processing that information.
•	Personal Data We Automatically Receive From Your Device When You Use MR X Services.
To keep the services running and to improve services, we collect user activity, hardware and software information, sensor activity and cookies, and leverage other tracking technologies such as web beacons, SDKs, local storage and log files.
•	Personal Data We Automatically Receive From Third Parties.
MR X collects limited information from third parties. For example, we may collect Personal Data from payment processors, ad partners, app usage and website tracking information, authentication partners, etc.
•	Other Information With Your Consent.
If you give us permission, we can collect your precise geolocation (latitude and longitude) through various means, depending on the service and device you’re using, including GPS, Bluetooth or Wi-Fi connections. The collection of your geolocation may occur in the background even when you aren’t using the services if the permission you gave us expressly permits such collection. If you decline permission for us to collect your geolocation, we will not collect it. Similarly, if you consent, we may collect your photos and videos (for instance, if you want to publish a photo or video on the services).
•	Permissible Age.
MR X services are intended only for users who are legal adults, generally eighteen (18) years of age and older. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18. By using our services, you are representing that you are at least 18 years old. If you are aware that a child or minor has submitted Personal Data on MR X services, please contact us at
support@mrxapp.com
or using the in-app reporting tool, so that we can take appropriate action.
WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We generally use your Personal Data to enable the MR X services, such as the following purposes:
•	Provide you with services and products associated with MR X accounts to maintain, improve, and develop Services.
•	Provide safety and security features.
•	Communicate with you to provide updates, service-related notifications, and promotions.
•	Respond to user inquiries, complaints, and to provide customer service.
•	Process your purchases and transactions.
•	Conduct partner promotions.
•	Comply with valid legal requests and address legal issues and disputes.
•	Investigate and respond to suspected illegal activities or fraud.
•	Access your camera and photo roll and to allow you to share with other users.
•	Create and administer surveys and conduct research.
•	For Automated Decision Making - for example, to detect and remove spammers, detect and remove non-compliant images, etc. through artificial intelligence.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH THIRD PARTIES
Since our goal is to help you connect with other users, the main sharing of users’ information is, of course, with other users. We also share some users’ information with service providers and partners who assist us in operating the services and, in some cases, legal authorities. Read on for more details about how your information is shared with others.
•	With Other Users.
You share information with other users when you voluntarily disclose information on the service (including your public profile). Please be careful with your information and make sure that the content you share is stuff that you’re comfortable being publicly viewable since neither you nor we can control what others do with your information once you share it.
•	With Our Service Providers.
We use third parties to help us operate and improve our services. These third parties assist us with various tasks, which may include data hosting and maintenance, analytics, customer care, marketing, advertising, payment processing and security operations. We follow a strict vetting process prior to engaging any service provider or working with any partner.
•	With Third-Party Advertising Companies.
We may also share information with partners who distribute and assist us in advertising our services. For instance, we may share limited information on you in hashed, non-human readable form to advertising partners. We do not control use of any tracking technologies used by advertisers and partners and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them.
•	For Corporate Transactions.
We may transfer your information if we are involved, whether in whole or in part, in a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy or other change of ownership or control.
•	When Required By Law.
We may disclose your information if reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with a legal process, such as a court order, subpoena or search warrant, government / law enforcement investigation or other legal requirements; (ii) to assist in the prevention or detection of crime (subject in each case to applicable law); or (iii) to protect the safety of any person.
•	To Enforce Legal Rights.
We may also share information: (i) if disclosure would mitigate our liability in an actual or threatened lawsuit; (ii) as necessary to protect our legal rights and legal rights of our users, business partners or other interested parties; (iii) to enforce our agreements with you; and (iv) to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing.
•	With Your Consent Or At Your Request.
We may ask for your consent to share your information with third parties. In any such case, we will make it clear why we want to share the information.
CROSS BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
Sharing of information sometimes involves cross-border data transfers, for instance to the United States of America and other jurisdictions. As an example, where the service allows for users to be located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), their personal information is transferred to countries outside of the EEA.
YOUR CHOICES AND RIGHTS
We want you to be in control of your Personal Data held by MR X, so we have provided you with the following tools:
•	Access / Update Tools In The Service.
Tools and account settings that help you to access, rectify or delete information that you provided to us and that’s associated with your account directly within the service. If you have any question on those tools and settings, please contact our Customer Support team for help at
support@mrxapp.com
.
•	Device Permissions.
Mobile platforms have permission systems for specific types of device data and notifications, such as phone book and location services as well as push notifications. You can change your settings on your device to either consent or oppose the collection of the corresponding information or the display of the corresponding notifications. Of course, if you do that, certain services may lose full functionality.
•	Deletion.
You can delete your account by using the corresponding functionality directly on the service or by contacting us at
support@mrxapp.com
.
We want you to be aware of your privacy rights. Here are a few key points to remember:
•	Reviewing Your Information.
Applicable privacy laws may give you the right to review the personal information we keep about you (depending on the jurisdiction, this may be called right of access, right of portability or variations of those terms). You can request a copy of your personal information by putting in such a request at
support@mrxapp.com
.
•	Updating Your Information.
If you believe that the information we hold about you is inaccurate or that we are no longer entitled to use it and want to request its deletion or object to its processing, please contact us at
support@mrxapp.com
.
For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the above requests.
Keep in mind, we may reject requests for certain reasons, including if the request is unlawful or if it may infringe on trade secrets or intellectual property or the privacy of another user. If you wish to receive information relating to another user, such as a copy of any messages you received from him or her through our service, the other user will have to contact our Customer Support team to provide their written consent before the information is released.
Also, we may not be able to accommodate certain requests to object to the processing of personal information, notably where such requests would not allow us to provide our service to you anymore. For instance, we cannot provide our service if we do not have your date of birth.
Uninstall.
You can stop all information collection by an app by uninstalling it using the standard uninstall process for your device. Accountability. In certain countries, including in the European Union, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how we process your personal information.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We work hard to protect you from unauthorized access to or alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information. As with all technology companies, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will always remain secure.
We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks and regularly review our information collection, storage and processing practices to update our physical, technical and organizational security measures.
We may suspend your use of all or part of the Services without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security. If you believe that your account or information is no longer secure, please notify us immediately at
support@mrxapp.com
.
HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATION
We keep your personal information only as long as we need it for legitimate business purposes and as permitted by applicable law. To protect the safety and security of our users on and off our Services, we implement a safety retention window of two (2) weeks following account deletion. During this period, account information will be retained although the account will of course not be visible on the Services anymore.
In practice, we delete or anonymize your information upon deletion of your account (following the safety retention window) or after six months (6) of continuous inactivity.
Keep in mind that even though our systems are designed to carry out data deletion processes according to the above guidelines, we cannot promise that all data will be deleted within a specific timeframe due to technical constraints.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
This policy may change over time. Your continued use of the services, upon delivery of such amended Privacy Policy, shall constitute your consent to the Privacy Policy as amended.
HOW TO CONTACT US OR FILE COMPLAINTS
Contact Information. MR X welcomes your comments, questions, or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy, our use of your Personal Data, or our response to your requests regarding your Personal Data. Please contact us by email at
support@mrxapp.com
or by postal mail at:
DH Services, LLC 174 West 4th Street Suite 328 New York, NY 10014
EEA Residents.
Individuals in the European Economic Area (EEA) also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in the EEA Country where they reside or work, or where the alleged infringement of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”) took place. Individuals in Switzerland also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner.
If you are based in the EEA or have GDPR-related inquiries, please contact us at
support@mrxapp.com
.
Where necessary, we may request specific information from you to verify your identity prior to processing your request.