Mobileware
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Revised: Dec 3, 2020
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Mobileware, Inc. (“Mobileware”). This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you visit our website, use our mobile service application (“onTime”) or otherwise interact with us.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time-to-time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as a statement provided via onTime or sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access onTime to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create an account, fill out a form, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, location and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use onTime
When you access or use onTime, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Location Information: We collect information about the location of your device if the location setting is enabled each time you access or use onTime. Location information including Relative geolocation, gps location,, Advertising IDs, and device information such as device type, OS version, carrier, and IP Address. These location information is collect in both foreground and background. For more details, please see “Your Choices” below.
Device Information: We collect information about the device you use to access onTime, including the hardware model and unique device identifiers.
Log Information: We log information about your use of onTime, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to onTime.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that helps us to improve onTime and your experience. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in onTime or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see “Your Choices” below.
Information We Collect From Other Sources
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through onTime. For example, we may collect information about you from third parties including, but not limited to, identity verification services and publicly available sources. If you create or log into your account through a social media site, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, account information and friends’ lists, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such social media site.
USE OF INFORMATION
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Provide and deliver services you request and send you related information, including confirmations and invoices;
Provide, maintain and improve onTime;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with onTime;
Personalize and improve onTime and provide advertisements, content or features that match user profiles or interests;
Mobileware is based in the United States, and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using onTime or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries.
SHARING INFORMATION
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Mobileware or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Mobileware' assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; and
With your consent or at your direction, including if we notify you through onTime that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information.
We may also share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you.
In addition to other information described in this policy, we may collect and share precise location information, through methods such as mobile 'SDKs'.  This location information may be used by itself,
aggregated, or combined with mobile identifiers (such as IDFAs and Android IDs), and shared with third parties, for purposes related to advertising, attribution (e.g., measuring ad performance) analytics and 
research.   You can remove your consent to having your location data collected by changing the settings on your device. (Certain services may lose functionality as a result.)
ANALYTICS SERVICES
We may allow others to provide analytics services in connection with onTime. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of onTime and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. We and others may use this information to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, personalize the user experience, and better understand your activity.
SECURITY
Mobileware takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
YOUR CHOICES
Account Information
You may update, correct or delete information about you at any time by logging into your account or by emailing us at
support@mobilewareinc.com
. If you wish to delete or deactivate your account, please email us at
support@mobilewareinc.com
but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period.
Location Information
When you first launch onTime's schedule and train location tracking, you will be asked to consent to onTime's collection of location information. We require this location information in order for onTime to function as designed.
If you consent to our collection of location information, you may subsequently stop the collection of this location information at any time by pausing location tracking by changing the location preferences on your mobile device. go to your device settings and opt out of interest-based or personalized advertising
(iOS: Settings -> General -> Privacy -> Advertising -> Limit Ad-Tracking; Android: Settings -> Google -> Ads -> Opt out of Ads Personalization). You may also prevent location from being collected by this or other apps through your location permission settings.
If you consent to our collection of location information and you do not subsequently stop the collection of this location information, onTime will continue to collect this location information.
If you consent to our collection of location information, subsequently stop the collection of this location information and later consent to the collection of this location information, onTime will resume the collection of location information.
You may also stop our collection of location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove onTime from your device.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from Mobileware by following the instructions in those communications or by changing your notification settings in the application’s settings menu. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Your California Privacy Rights
California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please contact us at
support@mobilewareinc.com
. However, please note that under the law, services such as onTime that permit California residents to opt into or opt out of this type of sharing are not required to provide such information upon receiving a request, but rather may respond by notifying the user of his or her right to prevent the disclosure. To opt out of having information about you shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes, please email us at
support@mobilewareinc.com
.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
support@mobilewareinc.com