Zappar Privacy Notice
Last updated:
1
st
December 2023
Why have we prepared this Privacy Notice?
At Zappar we understand that privacy is important and are committed to ensuring that personal information is processed in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws. We have put together this Privacy Notice which you are currently reading to help you understand what information we collect about users of our technology and services, the Zappar website (zappar.com) and any related applications (including the Zapvision and Zapbox applications) and how we use and share this information. It also contains important information about your rights. The Privacy Notice is an essential part of your engagement with Zappar and it is important that you read it carefully. By engaging with us in the ways set out in this notice, you confirm that you have read and understood the entirety of this notice, as it applies to you.
Applicability
This Privacy Notice applies to your use of those Zappar Services that display or provide an authorised link to this notice.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to personal data and other information which we collect about users of our Zapworks service. Users of Zapworks should refer to the specific Privacy Notice provided with that service available at
https://zap.works/privacy/
Equally, this Privacy Notice does not extend to any websites or services of third parties which can be accessed from the Zappar Services, including any links we may provide to social media sites.
What means what?
In this Privacy Notice some of the words we use have capital letters. This is because we have given these words a particular meaning. These words are listed below:
“
Accessible QR Code
” means the QR Code with (patent pending) D3 surround, developed and owned by Zappar, including any developments or improvements of the same;
“Anonymous Information”
means information that does not identify and cannot reasonably be used to identify a specific individual. When Anonymous Information is linked with Personal Data, this Anonymous Information is normally treated by Zappar as Personal Data.
“Content”
means content made available on or via the Zappar Services. This might include Zaps, animation, mini-games, documents, images, links, sound files, videos, text, QR codes, Accessible QR Codes and other content.
“Information”
(depending on the context) means any or all information that you or your device send, submit or transmit to Zappar via the Zappar Services. Information also includes information automatically collected by us and information about you, which we obtain from other sources.
“IP Address”
means an Internet Protocol address, a number that is automatically assigned to your device when you use the internet and which may vary from session to session.
“Personal Data”
means any information we hold about you which could be used to identify who you are, e.g. your name, email, home address, IP Address and may include other information such as identification numbers and location data.
“Third Party Content”
means Content which is owned or controlled by a person other than Zappar, including (a) Content which is created by Zappar for a brand, entertainment franchise or other client and (b) Content which is published on our platform by users of our ZapWorks service.
“you”
means you, the natural person accessing, browsing, downloading or using any Zappar Services.
“Zap”
means an augmented, virtual or mixed reality content experience.
“Zapbox App”
means any application developed by Zappar for use with our mixed reality kit called ZAPBOX, including all versions of that application published by Zappar.
“Zappar”
or
“we”
means Zappar Limited, a private limited company incorporated in the United Kingdom and registered in Scotland with company number SC394617.
“Zappar App”
means our augmented reality mobile application called ZAPPAR, including all versions of that application published by Zappar.
“Zappar Services”
means collectively the Zappar App, the Zapbox Apps, the Zapvision App, the Zappar Website, our Zappar Powered products, Zappar WebAR and any other applications, products or services of Zappar covered by this Privacy Notice. A reference to Zappar Services includes any and all related databases, features, functionality, plug-ins, software and web pages.
“Zappar Website”
means the official ZAPPAR website available at
https://www.zappar.com/
“Zapvision App”
means our application called ZAPVISION relating to the scanning of Accessible QR Codes and delivery of Content, including all versions of that application published by Zappar.
Where we refer to a
“person”
this includes individuals, companies, corporations, partnerships, limited liability partnerships, co-operatives, associations and other natural and legal persons.
When we use the words
“includes”
or
“including”
in this Privacy Notice we are not limiting ourselves in any way and mean “includes or including without limitation”.
Identity of the Data Controller
The data controller is Zappar Limited, a private limited company incorporated in the United Kingdom and registered in Scotland (company number SC394617). Our contact details are shown below in the section headed “Contacting Us”. Third parties, such as zapcode publishers or Accessible QR Code publishers, are the controllers with regard to the processing of your personal information in connection with your use of Third Party Content and, in that capacity, are solely responsible for compliance with applicable data protection and other legislation and regulation with regard to such processing.
Your rights
As a data subject, you have the following rights under UK and EU data protection legislation (including the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)), which we will always work to uphold:
The right to be informed about our collection and use of Personal Data;
The right of access to the Personal Data we hold about you (see “How can you access your Personal Data?”);
The right to rectification if any Personal Data we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete (please contact us using the details in “Contacting Us”);
The right to be forgotten – i.e. the right to ask us to delete any Personal Data we hold about you in certain circumstances;
The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances;
The right to data portability. This means that, if you have provided Personal Data to us directly, we are using it with your consent or for the performance of a contract, and that data is processed using automated means, you can ask us for a copy of that Personal Data to re-use with another service or business in many cases;
The right to object to us using your Personal Data for a particular purpose or purposes; and
Rights with respect to automated decision making and profiling.
When making a request, please be aware that we may be unable to delete Information that resides in our archives, and the requested removal of certain Information may mean we are no longer able to provide you with all or certain parts of the Zappar Services.
If you have any cause for complaint about our use of your Personal Data, please contact us using the details provided in “Contacting Us” and we will do our best to solve the problem for you. If we are unable to help, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK’s supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
The ICO’s contact details are:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Helpline number: 0303 123 1113
European Representative under Article 27 of GDPR
We have appointed EU Rep as our Representative under Article 27 of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). All GDPR queries from EU Data Subjects or Data Protection authorities should be addressed to privacy@eurep.ie. BizLegal Ltd trading as EU Rep have their registered office at 27 Cork Road, Middleton Co. Cork, Ireland. Company number 635921.
Information that we may collect
As and when you visit, browse or use Zappar Services we may collect certain Information from you. Some of this Information may be Personal Data and some of the Information may be Anonymous Information. We use your Information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice.
Below is a list of some of the Information we may collect from you, depending on how you interact with Zappar:
Information to enable the use of certain features
Emails sent to Zappar and messages submitted via the Zappar Website
Zapbox orders
Competition entries
Responses to surveys and feedback requests
User Generated Content
Information given to us by other companies
Device information, including location where required for the correct provision of the service, the camera where required for scanning the Accessible QR Code (all used in local mode, no images are sent outside of the mobile device)
Information relating to your use of the Zappar App, a Zapbox App, the Zapvision App and WebAR
Log Data – Zappar websites
Use of certain features
You are not required to register with Zappar simply to use one or more Zappar Services.
There are, however, some features of the Zappar Services that may require you either to confirm your country and age (*) and/or opt-in before you can access those features (e.g. photo share, newsletter, zapcode ‘upload feature’). You may be asked to provide certain Information about yourself when doing this. This could be one or more of the following items of Personal Data: your name, your email address, your postcode or zip code, your country of residence, username and password.
* Age information is not stored by us
Emails and other Information submitted to Zappar
If you choose to email or write to Zappar about the Zappar Services, or you fill in an online contact or support request form, we may collect Information about you from the content of your letter, email or other message e.g. your name, your email address, and what you like or dislike about Zappar. If you participate in a competition or promotion, or respond to a survey or feedback request then in addition to your entry or response we may collect your name, email and/or other contact details.
Zapbox Orders
If you order a Zapbox from us we will collect some Information from you to enable us to process your order, e.g. your name, address and other contact details, and details of your transaction history
User Generated Content
Some features of the Zappar Services may allow you to create, submit, post, display, transmit or share content (e.g. photos, videos, comments, messages, and other materials) on or through the Zappar Services (we call this “User Generated Content”). This includes any ‘upload feature’ which is attached to a zapcode published by a third party (i.e. a person other than Zappar). You may find zapcodes printed on third party products or see them within third party services and publications. These codes enable you to unlock digital content on your mobile device by scanning (‘zapping’) the code.
When you use the Zappar App we will only collect and store your User Generated Content, if you choose to share an animated GIF from within an experience, or you upload content to a zapcode. We do not collect or store any photos or videos that you take within an experience, even if you choose to share that content with others.
Some of your User Generated Content may contain personal information about you or other natural persons, e.g. audio, photos or videos featuring you or your friends. We therefore advise you to be selective about what personal information you include in User Generated Content, and not to include any of the following types of personal information in any submission to any publicly available area of the Zappar Services: telephone numbers, physical addresses, full name or any other information of a sensitive nature. If you upload personal information about or depicting other individuals (e.g. a photo of a friend), you must obtain their consent first.
Please be aware that even if you remove personal information that you post to the Zappar Services, copies may still remain in cached and archived pages of the Zappar Services or on another user’s device.
IT IS ALSO IMPORTANT TO NOTE THAT YOU AND NOT ZAPPAR ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR, AND CONTROL YOUR USER GENERATED CONTENT. IF YOUR USER GENERATED CONTENT CONTAINS ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION OF OTHERS THEN UNLESS YOU ARE DOING THIS AS PART OF A PURELY PERSONAL OR HOUSEHOLD ACTIVITY YOU MAY HAVE OBLIGATIONS AS A ‘DATA CONTROLLER’ UNDER APPLICABLE DATA PROTECTION LAW THAT YOU NEED TO COMPLY WITH.
Information collected from other sources
We may engage the services of other companies to handle certain tasks relating to the Zappar Services. This may include payment processing, search engine facilities, storage and serving of content, advertising and marketing, and analytics. These companies may send us Personal Data relating to you. We may also collect information about you from publicly available sources, such as via the internet and social networks, including through public or licensed APIs. If we do collect such information from third parties, we will only use that information in accordance with this Privacy Notice. Equally, these companies may collect personal information directly from you. If they do, that company and not Zappar will be the data controller in respect of any information you provide to them (e.g. your credit card details) and you should check their privacy policy to find out how they will use your information.
Zapalytics and information about your device
When you use the Zappar App, the ZapBox App or our WebAR, our servers will automatically access or collect information from your device (e.g. smartphone), including the following:
an Installation ID (see below);
the IP Address linked to the device: we will process this to infer coarse user location (Country and City), and then discard the IP Address;
the time;
the make and model of your device (including operating system version);
the version of the application being used; and
information about your use of the application (we call this information “Zapalytics”).
We may use this Anonymous Information in the following ways: (i) to analyse and optimise your use of the Zappar Services; (ii) to provide notifications within a Zap based on your in-Zap activities; (iii) to develop new features and functionality; and (iv) to develop new products or services which we believe may be of use to you or other users of the Zappar Services.
Zapalytics Installation ID
The Installation ID is a unique installation ID generated by the Zappar App or ZapBox App when it is first run. In the case of WebAR, we use a cookie to set the ID on your device. The ID is a random number seeded from the system time and cannot be used to identify who you are. The ID is stored in the app’s storage directory (or locally) on your device and is used to anonymously track your use of the mobile application or WebAR in various ways, e.g.
when you open the mobile application or launch WebAR;
when you tap “ZAP”;
the names and time of scan of Zaps accessed;
How long you spend interacting with a Zap;
when you perform certain actions during a Zap e.g. completing a game, high score achieved.
The Installation ID is not accessible to other apps or sites on your device and does not track you beyond the mobile application or WebAR site. We do not share the Installation ID within any third party.
Log Data – Zappar websites
Our systems will automatically record and store information created by your access to and use of our websites, including specific actions performed by you within these Zappar Services (collectively, “Log Data”). This may include information about your device, your IP Address, browser type, the pages that you visit, time spent on pages and other statistics. We use this information to better tailor the Zappar Services to our users’ needs and to provide you with targeted communications that you are happy to receive from us. We may also link this automatically collected information to Personal Data (e.g. if you submit a CONTACT US request or register for a Zapworks trial). We may also add Log Data to our customer relationship management system. We do not use any Log Data to track you outside of the Zappar Services.
GPS Location Data
Zappar does not currently receive or process any GPS location data provided by you or which we receive from location service providers. We may however wish to do so in the future to tailor the Zappar Services offered to users in a particular geographical location. If this becomes the case, we will only process GPS location data for which you have given us your consent, including your GPS location, which were provided by you or which we receive from GPS location service providers, but only for so long as this is necessary for delivering the Zappar Services and/or to the extent required as permitted by applicable law.
Legal basis for processing Personal Data
Our legal basis for collecting and using your Personal Data will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only where (i) we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you; (ii) the processing is in our legitimate interests and not superseded by your rights; (iii) we have a legal obligation to process your Personal Data; or (iv) we have your consent to do so (e.g. you have ticked a box, or signed up for a newsletter).
Under our terms of use for the Zappar Services, “performance of contract” as a legal basis for processing your Personal Data refers to when we make the Zappar Services available to you, provide customer support, integrate the Zappar Services with technology and distribution platforms such as Apple iOS and Google Android, and inform you of service-related changes. If there is no legal contract between you and Zappar (e.g. because you are a minor), then we will process Personal Data for these purposes on the basis of our legitimate interests.
We process your Personal Data on the basis of our “legitimate interests”, for example, when we provide you with the Zappar Services, carry out marketing, keep the Zappar Services secure, for engineering purposes, analysing users behaviour across the Zappar Services, providing customer support, and running, growing and developing our business.
We have a “legal obligation” to process your Personal Data when complying with a legal obligation, such as preventing a crime or fraud or maintaining tax records. This ground may also include our obligation under the UK Data Protection Act 2018 and GDPR to protect your Personal Data.
If you have questions about the legal basis for collecting and using your Personal Data, please contact us using the contact information provided in the “Contacting Us” section below
How does Zappar use your information?
We may use your Information for the following purposes:
Purpose
Lawful Basis for Personal Data processing
To fulfil your Zapbox order and to satisfy our contract with you to supply your Zapbox.
Performance of a contract - if you do not provide the Personal Data requested we cannot fulfil your order.
To enable us to provide you with all of the features and functionality of the Zappar Services and to enable you to consume Content.
Performance of a contract, or (where no contract exists between us) legitimate interests. If you do not provide the Personal Data we may not be able to provide you with the requested service.
To enable you to create and share User Generated Content.
Legitimate interests - providing the Zappar Services and carrying out the action you have requested.
To provide you with personalised content and promotional communications that you are happy to receive from the Zappar Services.
Legitimate interests - marketing; providing the Zappar Services and carrying out an action you have requested.
To provide customer service in relation to your use of the Zappar Services, e.g. service updates, responding to support requests.
Performance of a contract, or legitimate interests. Where no contract is in force, the legitimate interests are providing you with customer care and product support.
Generally, to administer, support, analyse, improve and develop the Zappar Services, including updating the Zappar App, Zapbox App or Zapvision App on your device.
Legitimate interests - providing the Zappar Services and running, growing and improving the Zappar Services.
To understand how users navigate our online ecosystem in order to inform strategy for ongoing improvements.
Detecting, preventing, or otherwise addressing fraud, security or technical issues.
Legal obligation, i.e. compliance with data protection law.
Our legitimate interest in keeping our platform secure.
To enforce the Terms of Use for the Zappar Services and to deal with any complaints, legal claims or legal proceedings relating to the Zappar Services.
To exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or to protect your vital interests or those of any other person.
As otherwise described in this Privacy Notice.
Please refer to the relevant section.
Profiling and automated decision making
We do create and maintain user profiles relating to some visitors to our websites. These profiles are created when a visitor fills in a form on zappar.com or zap.works, or registers for a Zapworks trial or for Zapvision CMS. No profiles are created for visitors who just browse the site(s). Our aim is to limit the Personal Data contained in these profiles to that required to achieve our legitimate interest of helping users get the best from our tools and better tailoring communications we send people.
We also apply some automatic decision making: we use a marketing automation tool called HubSpot which decides the type of communication you will receive (e.g. email, newsletter, blog content, tutorial content) based on who you are (e.g. a designer) and what actions you have performed within the Zappar Services. This means you may receive a different communication from someone else. In our view, this is the only consequence of the automation tool we use.
Marketing communications
We may use your Information to send you notifications and information about the Zappar Services and other Zappar products and services we think may be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive marketing, you may opt out at a later date. If at any time you no longer wish to be contacted for this purpose, please let us know and we will remove you from our mailing list. Please note that you may not opt out of service related emails as these are necessary for the security and performance of the Zappar Services.
Where will your information be stored?
Your Personal Data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country of which you are a resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country.
We use Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) to store and process data on our behalf in connection with the Zappar Services. We primarily use AWS servers located in Ireland to store and process your Information; however AWS also use various servers located around the world to cache data locally and speed up access to Content.
We may engage other businesses to carry out data processing on our behalf. For example, we may engage someone to provide payment services, to host the Zappar Services, to administer electronic mailings on our behalf, or to provide analytics services. We will continue to be the data controller in respect of any Personal Data transferred to or shared with such third parties and shall remain responsible for the processing undertaken by them.
The following is a list of the main businesses who currently process data on our behalf in relation to the Zappar Services:
Name
Processing purpose(s)
Data Storage Location
Amazon Web Services
Content hosting & serving
Primary storage location is Ireland but content may be cached locally to improve content delivery performance
Fresh Desk
User support requests
USA
Google
Business email and analytics services
Worldwide
HubSpot
Customer relationship management tools
USA
Shopify
Payments for Zapbox and order fulfilment
Worldwide
Spiral Galaxy Games
Order fulfilment for Zapbox
United Kingdom
We may also share Information between our group countries, which are located in countries worldwide, including the United States.
Transfers outside of United Kingdom and Europe
If you use the Zappar Services while you are outside the United Kingdom or European Economic Area (EEA), your Personal Data may be transferred to countries outside the United Kingdom or EEA to enable us to provide you with those services. The circumstances in which this may happen are:
If any of our servers are located outside the United Kingdom or EEA or our service provider is located outside the United Kingdom or EEA (see the table above).
When you use one of our Zappar’s applications or the Zappar WebAR. These Zappar Services are made available by us for use internationally. This means it is possible that any Personal Data contained in your User Generated Content (e.g. your picture) that you publish on our platform (e.g. by connecting content to a zapcode, or sharing an animated GIF) may be automatically transferred by our servers to a device, server or other computer equipment being used in a country outside the United Kingdom or EEA.
Countries outside of the United Kingdom and EEA may not have similar data protection laws to the GDPR and UK Data Protection Act. If we do transfer any of your Personal Data outside the United Kingdom or EEA (e.g. to a data processor located outside the United Kingdom or EEA) we shall take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Personal Data is adequately protected by: (i) only using processors who comply with UK and EU data protection laws (as applicable); (ii) the use of the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses or similar clauses adopted by the UK regulator in the case of transfers governed by UK law; and (iii) (in the case of transfers to the United States) the transfer of Personal Data to service providers and partners that are certified under any approved certification program in place at that time between the EU and the United States.
BY USING THE ZAPPAR SERVICES YOU SPECIFICALLY GIVE YOUR CONSENT TO THE INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS REFERRED TO IN THIS SECTION
When might Zappar share your information with others?
We may disclose your Information to or share it with the following types of recipients:
other users where you allow Information to be made public;
social media services you choose to share Information with;
any third party to whom disclosure is required to enable us to provide you with the Zappar Services, including our server provider(s);
other companies that we have engaged to provide services on our behalf e.g. providers of analytics services and customer relationship management tools;
any third party to whom we believe disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of the Zappar Services, its users and the public. This includes exchanging Information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and spam prevention;
users of ZapWorks, i.e. creators and publishers of zapcodes and Zaps who will get to see information about your device and your use of the Zappar App or WebAR, but only in de-identified and aggregated form;
users of Zapvision, i.e. manufacturers and producers who wish to publish Accessible QR Codes on their products, who will get to see information about your device and your use of the Zapvision app in de-identified and aggregated form;
the publisher of a zapcode where you have chosen to upload content to their zapcode;
any person to whom we believe disclosure is necessary to enable us to enforce our rights under this Privacy Notice or under our Terms of Use or to defend legal claims relating to the Zappar Services;
our business partners, which may include advertising, brand and retail partners for the purposes of providing certain services available within the Zappar Services that are offered in conjunction with those partners. This Information would, for example, allow third-party advertising networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of interest to you;
to inform business partners about use of the Zappar Services and products and services made available through the Zappar Services, in the form of aggregated statistics or otherwise in a format that does not identify you personally;
any prospective purchaser of Zappar Limited, its parent company, or the Zappar Services or any part thereof (see below);
any subsidiary or holding company of Zappar Limited or any subsidiary of any such holding company for use by them in accordance with this Privacy Notice; and
other outside parties (e.g. judicial, government or regulatory authorities) to comply with the law and legal obligations.
We will not sell, trade or rent your Personal Data to anyone.
Controlling the use of your information
You may withdraw your consent for Zappar to process your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes at any time by notifying us in writing (an email will suffice).
You can opt-out from the future collection of Information by Zappar in accordance with this Privacy Notice by uninstalling all Zappar applications from your devices and discontinuing your use of the Zappar Services.
Changes of business ownership and control
Zappar may choose to expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale and/or transfer of control of all or part of Zappar or the Zappar Services. Information provided by users will, where it is relevant to any part of our business so transferred, be transferred along with that part as one of the transferred assets. The new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Privacy Notice, be permitted to use the Information for the purposes for which it was originally supplied to Zappar.
We also reserve the right to disclose de-identified user data to the prospective buyer of such business or assets.
Links to Non-Zappar Services
The Zappar Services may contain links to websites, microsites and other on-line services that are operated by third parties i.e. businesses other than Zappar (collectively, “Third Party Services”). Zappar does not control these Third Party Services and is in no way responsible for their content, or information collection practices. This Privacy Notice DOES NOT apply to your use of any Third Party Services.
Please consult the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any Third Party Service you choose to access to find out how they will collect, use and share your personal information and to establish whether and for what purpose they use cookies and similar technologies. Some Third Party Content contained on or accessible via the Zappar Services may operate as links to that third party’s website(s) and as such any information they collect by virtue of your clicking on that link will be collected and used in accordance with the privacy policy of that third party.
How do we keep your Personal Data secure?
Data security is of great importance to Zappar. We have put in place commercially reasonable physical, electronic and managerial security measures to protect your Personal Data from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. Specifically, we use the following measures:
The Information you send Zappar is protected by SSL/TLS end-to-end encryption when transmitted from your device to our servers.
Information stored on our servers is protected by encryption, key authentication and by firewalls. Your Information will only be accessed by authorised employees. These employees are obliged to preserve the confidentiality of all information that comes to their attention unless disclosure is compulsory by law or necessary for the fulfilment of their duties.
Even though we have taken the above security measures given the nature of online communications we cannot 100% ensure the security of your Information or guarantee that your Personal Data will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by an unauthorised person who is determined to circumvent our security measures.
How long do we keep your Personal Data for?
We will retain your Personal Data for the duration of your use of the Zappar Services and for a reasonable period thereafter for backup, archival and/or audit purposes or for as long as the law otherwise requires.
Where you have chosen to upload User Generated Content to a zapcode of a third party we will need to continue to store your content on our servers for so long as the third party wishes to have access to your content in accordance with any agreement you or Zappar may have entered into with that party.
User profiles created by our marketing automation tool (Hubspot) are subject to a retention period, which we keep under review. If you wish your profile deleted earlier, please contact us (see below).
How can you access your Personal Data?
You have the right to ask for a copy of any of your Personal Data held by us (where such data is actually held by us and we can identify who you are). We will normally provide copies in response to your request free of charge. We do, however, reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee for requests which are manifestly unfounded or excessive, particularly if it is repetitive and for further copies of the same Information.
We will ask you to provide reasonable proof of your identity before we disclose any Information to you.
Children’s Privacy and the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
This section of the Privacy Notice applies if any Zappar Services are accessed from within the USA or any other country which requires parental consent to be obtained before any collection of personal information from a child under the age of 13.
Zappar does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 13. The Zappar Services and their Content are not intentionally directed at children under the age of 13 and we do not target children under 13 as our primary audience. In the event we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, and that child lives in a country which does not permit such collection without prior parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
If a parent or legal guardian becomes aware that their child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information without prior parental consent, please contact us at the address below and we will delete such information from our files.
So we can comply with international privacy laws, we may use age screens for some Zaps. We do not store any individual’s date of birth.
Cookies, analytics and similar technologies
Please see our
separate page on cookies
for information on how Zappar uses cookies, analytics and similar technologies in connection with the Zappar Services.
If our use of cookies involves the processing of Personal Data, the legal basis for this will be our legitimate interests, i.e. to help us to provide you with a good experience when you use the Zappar Services (including making them more secure) and to improve the Zappar Services by understanding how you use them.
USE OF HUBSPOT SERVICES:
We use third-party analytics services to help understand your use of our services. In particular, we provide a limited amount of your information (such as your email address and sign-up date) to a third party called Hubspot (“Hubspot”) and use Hubspot to collect data for analytics purposes when you visit our website(s) or use our product(s). As a data processor acting on our behalf, Hubspot analyses your use of our website(s) and/or product(s) and tracks our relationship by way of cookies and similar technologies so that we can improve our service to you. For more information on Hubspot’s use of cookies, please visit
http://legal.hubspot.com/cookie-policy
We may also use Hubspot as a medium for communications, either through email, or through messages within our product(s). Our legal basis for any use of Personal Data for these purposes is legitimate interests, namely improving the Zappar Services.
For more information on the privacy practices of Hubspot, please visit
https://hubspot.com/privacy-policy
.
Hubspot’s services are governed by Hubspot’s terms of use which can be found at
https://legal.hubspot.com/terms-of-service
.
If you would like to opt out of having this information collected by or submitted to Hubspot, please contact us.
Changes to our Privacy Notice
The Zappar Services, our collection and use of Personal Data and other information, and the laws and regulations which apply will change over time. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Notice. When we update the Privacy Notice, we will post the new version to
https://www.zappar.com/privacy/
and change the “Last Updated” date. We encourage you to visit this page from time to time for the latest on our information collection practices.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about the Zappar Services or this Privacy Notice, please contact us by email or by post using the details below. Please ensure that your query is clear, particularly if it is a request for information about the Personal Data we hold about you.
Postal Address:
Data Protection, Zappar Limited, The Barley Mow Centre, 10 Barley Mow Passage, London, W4 4PH, United Kingdom
Email:
contact@zappar.com
Applicable law
Irrespective of which country you live in or submit Information from the law which applies to this Privacy Notice shall be the law of England.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://zap.works/privacy/?__hstc=214098056.648478699f64023fc89f7739bbf05aeb.1668705355177.1673465229047.1673545624075.20&__hssc=214098056.3.1673545624075&__hsfp=963264486:
Your choice regarding cookies on this site
We use cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience.
Accept all cookies
Use essential cookies only
Settings
Zappar
Zapworks
Zapbox
Blog
Contact Us
Privacy Notice
Last updated:
1 December 2023
Purpose of this notice
At Zappar we understand that privacy is important and are committed to ensuring that personal information is processed in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws, including the European General Data Protection Regulation ("
GDPR
") and the UK Data Protection Act 2018 (the
“UK DPA”
). We have put together this Privacy Notice which you are currently reading to help you understand what information we collect from users of Zapworks and how we use and share this information. It also contains important information about your rights. The Privacy Notice is an essential part of your engagement with Zappar and it is important that you read it carefully. By engaging with us in the ways set out in this Privacy Notice, you confirm that you have read and understood the entirety of this notice, as it applies to you.
Applicability
This Privacy Notice applies as between Zappar Limited and Zapworks users. The Privacy Notice deals with our use of information collected by us in relation to your use of Zapworks.
In general, this Privacy Notice does not apply to “User Content” and the terms of the Zapworks Data Processing Addendum
https://zap.works/dpa/
will apply to our processing of User Content on behalf of a ZapWork user in connection with the Services. There may be an exception, where you are a hobbyist (i.e have a Hobby plan) and Zappar is deemed to be a data controller with respect to “Your Content” (as defined in this Privacy Notice). We have therefore included some guidelines for Your Content in the section of this Privacy Notice headed “Information that we may collect”.
Please also be aware that this Privacy Notice only applies to your use of Zapworks. If you use our ZAPPAR, ZAPBOX or ZAPVISION mobile application, or any other application or product provided by Zappar, or a Zappar licensee, or if you are simply browsing our website www.zappar.com, a different privacy policy will accompany that product/service, and you should refer to the policy for that service, which may differ from the one set out below. Equally, this Privacy Notice does not extend to any websites or services of third parties which can be accessed from Zapworks including, but not limited to, any links we may provide to social media sites.
IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING CHILDREN UNDER 13:
This Privacy Notice generally applies to all users of Zapworks. If, however, a user identifies themselves as under the age of 13 (a "Child"), we will collect, use and share the Child's information as described in the section below headed "
Children's Privacy
".
What means what?
In this Privacy Notice some of the words we use have capital letters. This is because we have given these words a particular meaning. These words are listed below:
“Anonymous Information”
means information that does not identify and cannot reasonably be used to identify a specific individual. When Anonymous Information is linked with Personal Data, this Anonymous Information is normally treated by Zappar as Personal Data.
“Content Trigger”
means the mechanism by which a Zap can be activated, including zapcode scanning, QR code scanning, deep links and other content triggers.
“Information”
(depending on the context) means any or all information that you or your device send, submit or transmit to Zappar via the Services. Information also includes information automatically collected by us and information about you, which we obtain from other sources.
“IP Address”
means an Internet Protocol address, a number that is automatically assigned to your device when you use the Internet and which may vary from session to session.
“Personal Data”
means any information we hold about you which could be used to identify who you are, e.g. your name, email, home address, IP Address and may include other information such as identification numbers and location data.
“Services”
means our ZAPWORKS service and technology available at
https://zap.works/
together with its related databases, features, functionality, plug-ins, software, tools, zapcodes, documentation and web pages including any modifications or updates thereto.
“you”
means you, the natural person visiting the ZAPWORKS website, using the Services, or registering as a user of the Services.
“Your Content”
means any and all data or content controlled by you that you create, enter, upload, import, post, transmit or otherwise make available via the Services, including animation, documents, images, links, sound files, videos and text.
“Zapbox app”
means any application developed by Zappar for use with our mixed reality kit called ZAPBOX.
“Zappar” or “we”
means Zappar Limited a private limited company incorporated in the United Kingdom and registered in Scotland with company number SC394617.
“Zapworks Account”
means the Zapworks account (also referred to as a “workspace”) or login credentials registered with Zappar by which you access the Services.
“Zappar App”
means either our augmented reality mobile application called ZAPPAR; or our Zappar Scanning SDK where it is included within a third party application that is being used to consume content published on our platform.
Zappar Web Application
means our WebAR application available at
https://web.zappar.com/
“Zap”
means an augmented, virtual or mixed reality content experience.
Identity of the data controller
The data controller is Zappar Limited, a private limited company incorporated in the United Kingdom and registered in Scotland (company number SC394617). Our contact details are shown below in the section headed “Contacting Us”.
For the purposes of UK and EU data protection law Zappar will be acting as a "data controller" only where we determine the purposes for which and the manner in which Personal Data is used. For certain pieces of Person Data  (e.g. any Personal Data included within Your Content) it is you and not Zappar who will determine the purposes for which and the manner in which the Personal Data is used. In this instance, you will be acting as the "data controller" and we will be acting as the "data processor". In these instances, the Zapworks data processing addendum applies instead of this Privacy Notice:
https://zap.works/dpa/
Your rights
As a data subject, you have the following rights under UK and EU data protection legislation (including GDPR), which we will always work to uphold:
The right to be informed about our collection and use of Personal Data;
The right of access to the Personal Data we hold about you (see “How can you access your Personal Data?”);
The right to rectification if any Personal Data we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete (please contact us using the details in “Contacting Us”);
The right to be forgotten – i.e. the right to ask us to delete any Personal Data we hold about you in certain circumstances;
The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances;
The right to data portability. This means that, if you have provided Personal Data to us directly, we are using it with your consent or for the performance of a contract, and that data is processed using automated means, you can ask us for a copy of that Personal Data to re-use with another service or business in many cases;
The right to object to us using your Personal Data for a particular purpose or purposes; and
Rights with respect to automated decision making and profiling.
When making a request, please be aware that we may be unable to delete Information that resides in our archives, and the requested removal of certain Information may mean we are no longer able to provide you with all or certain parts of the Services.
If you have any cause for complaint about our use of your Personal Data, please contact us using the details provided in the section headed “Contacting Us” and we will do our best to solve the problem for you. If we are unable to help, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK's supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO).
The ICO’s contact details are:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Helpline number: 0303 123 1113
European Representative under Article 27 of GDPR
We have appointed EU Rep as our Representative under Article 27 of the EU General Data Protection Regulation. All GDPR queries from EU Data Subjects or Data Protection authorities should be addressed to privacy@eurep.ie. BizLegal Ltd trading as EU Rep have their registered office at 27 Cork Road, Middleton Co. Cork, Ireland. Company number 635921.
Information that we may collect
As and when you visit, browse or use the Services, we may collect certain Information from you. Some of this Information may be Personal Data and some of the Information may be Anonymous Information. We use your Information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice.
Your Zapworks Account & transactional data
By creating a Zapworks Account or using the Services you will allow others, including Zappar, to identify you. To open a Zapworks Account or use the Services you may need to provide us with some or all of the following items of Personal Data: your first name and last name, billing address, email address, password, date of birth. Your date of birth is not stored by Zappar. we only use it once to confirm your age.
Alternatively, you can sign up for or log into the Services by using your Google, Microsoft, Slack or Facebook account. If you use this option we will receive some details about your account in order to authenticate the login.
Business and education users can also create an organisation contact within our systems. This organisation contact enables business and education users to delegate access to their Zapworks Account to certain named users within their organisation. Zappar will collect and store any information which you enter into your organisation contact e.g. names of authorised users.
We will also collect and store transactional data relating to your Zapworks Account e.g. login credentials, login attempts, payment status, transaction history, and activity logs containing information relating to your use of the Services. We do not store:
User passwords (we store only PBKDF2 hashes of passwords for comparison during login attempts);
Full payment card numbers (these are stored by our merchant services provider, currently, Braintree).
If you choose to email or write to us about your Zapworks Account or the Services, or submit a contact or support request via the Zapworks website, we may also collect Information about you from the content of your letter, email or submission e.g. your name, email address, postal address and your likes/ dislikes.
We may also collect the following categories of Information from you whether or not you create a Zapworks Account (e.g. if you are simply browsing our Zapworks website).
Your Content (Hobbyists)
Once your access to the Services has been activated, you will be able to enter or upload content to your Zapworks Account (e.g. music files, photos, videos and other digital content) and to publish and make content available to the public (e.g. by connecting it to your zapcodes, or using another Content Trigger). Once entered or uploaded, Your Content will be stored on our secure servers for the purposes of making Your Content available as and when you choose to publish it. Some of Your Content may contain your personal information. We will process the personal information contained in that content in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
Before entering, uploading or publishing any content on the Services please BE AWARE of the following important matters:
The nature of the Services means that Your Content will potentially be available to ALL users of the Zappar App or Zappar Web Application who activate the Content Trigger regardless of whether or not they are known to you or have been specifically selected by you to receive that content.
It is not possible to make Your Content private i.e. only accessible by certain selected people; although you can choose whom you share your Content Triggers with. Please be careful when publishing content that contains or depicts personal information about yourself or others, e.g. audio, photos or videos featuring you or your friends' image or voice.
We strongly advise you to be selective about what personal information you include in Your Content and not to include any of the following types of personal information in any submission to the Services: telephone numbers, addresses, full name, location information or any information of a sensitive nature. Please also make sure that your submission complies with our code of conduct (see Section 11 of the Terms of Use for the Services).
If you enter or upload information about or depicting someone other than yourself (e.g. a photo of a friend or a work colleague) you must get their permission first.
Even if you subsequently remove content that you published via the Services, copies may still remain cached or saved on someone's device and therefore capable of continued viewing.
IT IS ALSO IMPORTANT TO NOTE THAT YOU AND NOT ZAPPAR ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR, AND CONTROL YOUR CONTENT. IF YOUR CONTENT CONTAINS ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION THEN FOR THE PURPOSES OF UNITED KINGDOM AND EUROPEAN UNION DATA PROTECTION LAW ZAPPAR WILL SIMPLY BE ACTING AS THE PROCESSOR OF THAT INFORMATION AND NOT THE DATA CONTROLLER.
Forums and competitions
If you participate in any of our forums, we will collect your user name and store and publish any messages you submit.
If you participate in one of our competitions, then in addition to your entry we may collect your name, email address and other contact information.
Information collected from other sources
We may from time to time engage the services of other companies to handle certain tasks relating to the Services. This may include payment processing, search engine facilities, storage and serving of content, advertising and marketing, and analytics. These companies may send us certain Personal Data relating to you. We may also collect information about you from publicly available sources, such as via the Internet and social networks, including through public or licensed APIs. If we do collect such information from third parties, we will only use that information in accordance with this Privacy Notice. Equally, these companies may collect personal information directly from you. If they do, that company and not Zappar will be the data controller in respect of any information you provide to them (e.g. your credit card details) and you should check their privacy policy to find out how they will use your information.
Payment processing
Zappar uses a payment solution supplied by a third party to enable us to accept payments for the Services. This third party payment solution is integrated with our own systems and works as follows: upon your request to checkout and pay, our website will display a form to you that collects the required payment data. The text boxes for entering your details into the form are served from the third party's website and when you submit the form the payment data and other details are sent directly to the third party. This method prevents your sensitive data from ever residing on our servers and enables Zappar to achieve PCI compliance.
Zapalytics and information about your device
The Services can be used with the Zappar App and the Zappar Web Application. Zapworks Studio 6 onwards is integrated with the Zapbox App
When you use the Zappar App, Zapbox App or the Zappar Web Application, e.g. to scan ('zap') a zapcode, our servers will automatically collect information from your device, including the following:
An
Installation ID
(see below);
The IP Address linked to the device: we will process this to infer coarse user location (Country and City), and then discard the IP Address;
The time;
The make and model of your device (including operating system version);
The version of the application being used; and
Information about your use of the application (we call this “
Zapalytics
”).
We may use this Anonymous Information in the following ways: (i) to analyse and optimise your use of the Services; (ii) to provide notifications within a Zap based on your in-Zap activities; and (iii) to develop new features and functionality which we believe may be of use to you or other users of the Services.
Zapalytics Installation ID
The Installation ID is a unique installation ID generated by the Zappar App or ZapBox App when it is first run. In the case of WebAR, we use a cookie to set the ID on your device. The ID is a random number seeded from the system time and cannot be used to identify who you are. The ID is stored in the app's storage directory (or locally) on your device and is used to anonymously track your use of the application in various ways, e.g.:
when you open the mobile application or launch the Zappar Web Application;
when you tap "Zap";
the names and time of scan of Zaps accessed;
how long you spend interacting with a Zap;
when you perform certain actions during a Zap e.g. completing a game, high score achieved.
The Installation ID is not accessible to other apps or sites on your device and does not track you beyond the mobile application or Zappar Web Application. We do not share the Installation ID within any third party.
Log Data
Our system will automatically record and store information created by your access to and use of the Services, including specific actions performed by you within the Services (collectively,
"Log Data")
. This may include information about your device, your IP Address, browser type, the pages that you visit, time spent on pages and other statistics. We use this information to better tailor the Services to our users' needs and to provide you with targeted communications that you are happy to receive from us. We may also link this automatically collected information to Personal Data (e.g. if you submit a "get in touch" request to us or register for a Zapworks trial). We may also add Log Data to our customer relationship management system. We do not use any Log Data to track you outside of our services.
Legal basis for processing Personal Data
Our legal basis for collecting and using your Personal Data will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only where (i) we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you; (ii) the processing is in our legitimate interests and not superseded by your rights; (iii) we have a legal obligation to process your Personal Data; or (iv) we have your consent to do so (e.g. you have ticked a box, or signed up for a newsletter).
Under our terms of use for the Services, “performance of contract” as a legal basis for processing your Personal Data refers to when we make the Services available to you, provide customer support, integrate the Services with technology and distribution platforms such as Apple iOS and Google Android, and inform you of service-related changes. If there is no legal contract between you and Zappar (e.g. because you are a minor), then we will process Personal Data for these purposes on the basis of our legitimate interests.
We process your Personal Data on the basis of our “legitimate interests”, for example, when we provide you with the Services, carry out marketing, keep the Services secure, for engineering purposes, analysing users behavior across the Services, providing customer support, and running, growing and developing our business.
We have a “legal obligation” to process your Personal Data when complying with a legal obligation, such as preventing a crime or fraud or maintaining tax records. This ground may also include our obligation under the UK DPA and GDPR to protect your Personal Data.
If you have questions about the legal basis for collecting and using your Personal Data, please contact us using the contact information provided in the section headed “Contacting Us”.
How does Zappar use your information?
Purpose
Lawful Basis for Personal Data processing
To enable us to provide you with all of the features and functionality of the Services, including your zapcode(s).
Performance of a contract - if you do not provide the Personal Data requested we cannot identify you as an authorised user.
To enable you to upload, enter, change, edit, publish, share and communicate Your Content.
Performance of a contract - if you do not provide the Personal Data requested we cannot identify you as an authorised user and carry out the requested action.
To provide you with personalised content and communications that you are happy to receive from Zappar in relation to the Services.
Legitimate interests - marketing; providing the Zappar Services and carrying out an action you have requested.
To provide you with promotional emails, newsletters and other messages that relate to the Services, including communication through third parties.
Legitimate interests - marketing; providing the Zappar Services and carrying out an action you have requested.
Distribution of advertising and promotional materials of Zappar and/or third parties among users as a targeted audience, including distribution on third party websites and platforms.
Legitimate interests - marketing and advertising of the Services.
Targeting of advertising and/or promotional materials, including targeting on third party websites and platforms.
Legitimate interests - marketing and advertising of the Services.
To provide customer service in relation to your use of the Services e.g. service updates, responding to service requests.
Performance of a contract, or legitimate interests. Where no contract is in force, the legitimate interests are providing you with customer care and product support.
Generally, to administer, support, analyse, improve, promote and develop the Services, including updating our software installed on your device.
Legitimate interests - providing the Services and running, growing and improving the Services.
To understand how users navigate our online ecosystem in order to inform strategy for ongoing improvements.
Detecting, preventing, or otherwise addressing fraud, security or technical issues.
Legal obligation, i.e. compliance with data protection law.
Our legitimate interest of keeping our platform secure.
To enforce the Zapworks Terms of Use and to deal with any complaints, legal claims or legal proceedings relating to the Services.
To exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or to protect your vital interests or those of any other person.
As otherwise described in this Privacy Notice.
Please refer to the relevant section.
Profiling and automated decision making
We do create and maintain user profiles relating to some visitors to our websites. These profiles are created when a visitor fills in a form on zappar.com or zap.works, or registers for a Zapworks trial. No profiles are created for visitors who just browse the site(s). Our aim is to limit the Personal Data contained in these profiles to that required to achieve our legitimate interest of helping users get the best from our Zapworks tools and better tailoring communications we send people.
We also apply some automatic decision making: we use a marketing automation tool - currently provided by HubSpot - which decides the type of communication you will receive (e.g. email, newsletter, blog content, tutorial content) based on who you are (e.g. a designer) and what actions you have performed within the Services. This means you may receive a different communication from someone else. In our view, this is the only consequence of the automation tool we use.
Marketing communications
We would like to send you information about products and services of ours (including ZAPWORKS) that may be of interest to you. This may include marketing communications on social media platforms (including Facebook) used by you. If at any time you decide that you no longer wish to be contacted for this purpose, you can opt out by either changing the mailing settings within your Zapworks Account or letting us know and we will remove you from our mailing list. Please note that it is not possible to opt out of service-related emails as these are necessary for the security and performance of the services.
Testimonials
We may from time to time contact selected customers to ask them if they would be willing to provide a testimonial for the Services. We will agree on the wording of any testimonial with you. Once agreed, the testimonial will be displayed on the ZAPWORKS website or sometimes via press releases depending on what is agreed at the time.
Where will your information be processed?
Your Personal Data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country of which you are a resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country.
We use Amazon Web Services (“
AWS
”) to store and process data on our behalf in connection with the Services. We primarily use AWS servers located in Ireland to store and process your Information; however AWS also use various servers located around the world to cache data locally and speed up access to content.
We may engage other businesses to carry out data processing on our behalf. For example, we may engage someone to provide payment services, to host the Services, to administer electronic mailings on our behalf, or to provide analytics services. We will continue to be the data controller in respect of any Personal Data transferred to or shared with such third parties and shall remain responsible for the processing undertaken by them.
The following is a list of the main businesses who currently process data on our behalf in relation to the Services:
Name
Processing purpose(s)
Data Storage Location
Amazon Web Services
Content hosting and serving
Primary storage location is Ireland but content may be cached locally to improve content delivery performance
Braintree
Payments for Zapworks
May store data in the USA and other countries worldwide
Chargebee
Subscription management
May store data in the USA and other countries worldwide
Functional Software, Inc. dba Sentry
Error tracking, crash reporting
USA and any other country in which their subprocessors maintain facilities
Google
Business email and analytics services
Worldwide
HubSpot
Customer relationship management tools, customer support, and analytics services
HubSpot may store data on a global basis, including the USA
Launchnotes
Manage customer emails and distribution of product notifications
USA
Startdeliver
To manage subscription renewals
Europe
We may also share Information between our group countries, which are located in countries worldwide.
The following is a list of businesses we previously used to process data on our behalf in relation to the Services:
Name
Processing purpose(s)
Data Storage Location
Fresh Desk
User support requests
USA
Intercom
Analytics services
USA
Transfers outside of the United Kingdom and Europe
If you use the Services while you are outside the United Kingdom or European Economic Area (EEA), your Personal Data may be transferred to countries outside the United Kingdom or EEA to enable us to provide you with those services. The circumstances in which this may happen are:
If any of our servers are located outside the United Kingdom or EEA or our service provider is located outside the United Kingdom or EEA (see the tables above).
When you use the Zappar App and Zappar Web Application. The Zappar App and Zappar Web Application are available for use internationally. This means it is possible that any Personal Data contained in Your Content (e.g. your picture) that you publish on our platform (e.g. by connecting content to a zapcode, or sharing an animated GIF) may be automatically transferred by our servers to a device, server or other computer equipment being used in a country outside the United Kingdom or EEA.
Countries outside of the United Kingdom and EEA may not have similar data protection laws to the GDPR and UK DPA. If we do transfer any of your Personal Data outside the United Kingdom or EEA (e.g. to a data processor) we shall take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Personal Data is adequately protected. Such steps include only using processors who have committed in writing to comply with UK and EU data protection laws; and the use of the European Commission's or UK Information Commissioner’s standard data protection clauses or data transfer agreement, if the processor is located in a destination country whose data protection laws are not considered by the EU or UK data protection authorities to provide an adequate level of protection.
BY USING THE SERVICES YOU SPECIFICALLY GIVE YOUR CONSENT TO THE INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS REFERRED TO IN THIS SECTION.
When might Zappar share your information with others?
We may disclose your Information to or share it with the following types of recipients:
users of the Zappar App or Zappar Web Application where you allow Your Content to be made public via a zapcode or other Content Trigger;
social media services or forum users you choose to share Information with;
any third party to whom disclosure is required to enable us to provide you with the Services including, but not limited to, our payment services provider and our server provider(s);
other users of the Services i.e. creators and publishers of Zaps who will get to see information about your device and your use of the Zappar App (or Zappar Web Application), but only in de-identified and aggregated form;
our business partners, which may include advertising, brand and retail partners for the purposes of providing certain services that are offered in conjunction with those partners;
other companies that we have hired to provide services on our behalf, e.g. providers of analytics and customer relationship management tools;
unless you have told us you do not wish to receive marketing communications, to third parties engaged by us to provide you with marketing communications about our products and services. This may also include social media platforms (including Facebook);
to inform business partners about the use of the Services and products and services made available through the Services, in the form of aggregated statistics or otherwise in a format that does not identify you personally;
any third party to whom we believe disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of the Services, its users and the public. This may include exchanging Information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and spam prevention;
any person to whom we believe disclosure is necessary to enable us to enforce our rights under this Privacy Notice or under our Terms of Use for the Services or to defend legal claims relating to the Zappar Services;
any prospective purchaser of Zappar, its parent company, or the Services or any part thereof (see below);
any company within the Zappar group of companies for use by them in accordance with this Privacy Notice; and
other outside parties (e.g. judicial, government or regulatory authorities) to comply with the law and our legal obligations.
We will not sell, trade or rent your Personal Data to anyone.
Changes of business ownership and control
Zappar may choose to expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale and/or transfer of control of all or part of Zappar or the Services. Information provided by users will, where it is relevant to any part of our business so transferred, be transferred along with that part as one of the transferred assets. The new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Privacy Notice, be permitted to use your Information for the purposes for which it was originally supplied to us.
We also reserve the right to disclose de-identified user data to the prospective buyer of such business or assets.
Links to Non-Zappar services
The Services may contain links to resources, websites, microsites and other online services that are operated by third parties i.e. businesses other than Zappar (collectively, "Third Party Services"). We do not control these Third Party Services and are in no way responsible for their content, or information collection practices. This Privacy Notice DOES NOT extend to your use of any Third Party Services.
You are advised to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of the Third Party Service you wish to access, prior to using them, to check how they will collect, use and share your personal information and to learn whether and for what purpose they use cookies and similar technologies.
How do we keep your Personal Data secure?
Data security is of great importance to Zappar. We have put in place commercially reasonable physical, electronic and managerial security measures to protect your Personal Data from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. Specifically, we use the following measures:
The Information you send us is protected by SSL/TLS end-to-end encryption when transmitted from your device to our servers.
Information stored on our servers is protected by access controls, key authentication and by firewalls. We use encryption as an additional security measure, where we feel it is appropriate to do so. Content uploaded to the Services after 1 February 2023 for editing and publishing is encrypted at rest. Prior to that date such content will not be encrypted at rest.
Your Information will only be accessed by authorised employees. These employees are obliged to preserve the confidentiality of all information that comes to their attention, unless disclosure is compulsory by law or necessary for the fulfilment of their duties.
Your Zapworks Account is protected by access authentication and we use cookies to verify that the person accessing an account is authorised to do so: see our Cookie Notice for details:
zap.works.com/cookie-policy/
Passwords are stored using industry-standard bcrypt hashing techniques.
Despite these measures, you should be aware that we cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with sharing Personal Data online. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
How long do we keep your Personal Data for?
We will retain your Personal Data for the duration of your use of the Services and for a reasonable period thereafter for backup, archival and/or audit purposes or for as long as the law otherwise requires. Specifically, we are required by EU law to retain your IP Address and billing address for 10 years to confirm compliance with VAT rules. If we archive Your Content following the deactivation of your Zapworks Account, we reserve the right to delete that content at any time thereafter.
User profiles created by our marketing automation tool are subject to a retention period, which we keep under review. If you wish your profile deleted earlier, please contact us (see below).
How can you access your Personal Data?
You have the right to ask for a copy of any of your Personal Data held by us (where such data is actually held by us and we can identify who you are). We will normally provide copies in response to your request free of charge. We do, however, reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee for requests which are manifestly unfounded or excessive, particularly if it is repetitive and for further copies of the same information.
We will ask you to provide reasonable proof of your identity before we disclose any Information to you.
Controlling the use of your information
You may withdraw your consent for Zappar to process your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes at any time by notifying us in writing (an email will suffice).
You can opt-out from the future collection of Information by Zappar in accordance with this Privacy Notice by discontinuing use of the Services and uninstalling the Zappar App and all other software from all your devices.
Cookies, analytics and similar technologies
Please see our
separate page on cookies
for information on how the Services use cookies, analytics and similar technologies.
If our use of cookies involves the processing of Personal Data, the legal basis for this will be our legitimate interests, i.e. to help us to provide you with a good experience when you use the Services (including making them more secure) and to improve the Services by understanding how you use them.
USE OF HUBSPOT:
We use third-party analytics services to help understand your use of our services. In particular, we provide a limited amount of your information (such as your email address and sign-up date) to HubSpot and use HubSpot to collect data for analytics purposes when you visit our website(s) or use our product(s). As a data processor acting on our behalf, HubSpot analyses your use of our website(s) and/or product(s) and tracks our relationship by way of cookies and similar technologies so that we can improve our service to you. For more information on how HubSpot tracks website visitors, please see here:
https://knowledge.hubspot.com/account/how-does-hubspot-track-visitors
We may also use HubSpot as a medium for communications, either through email, or through messages within our product(s). Our legal basis for any use of Personal Data for these purposes is legitimate interests, namely improving the Services.
For more information on the privacy practices of HubSpot, please visit
https://www.hubspot.com/
If you would like to opt out of having this information collected by or submitted to HubSpot, please contact us.
Children’s privacy
Zapworks is a general audience service. The Services are not specifically directed to, or targeted at, Children. We may, however, allow Children to use our Services with parental consent or, in the case of an Educator plan, with the consent of their school.
NOTE TO PARENTS:
We are required by the Children’s Online Privacy Act (COPPA), with limited exceptions, to obtain verifiable parental consent prior to collecting, using or disclosing personal information (as defined in the COPPA Rule) from Children. If an individual identifies themselves as under 13 when registering for a Hobby plan we will not activate their access to Zapworks until we have obtained parental consent. In the case of Educator plans, COPPA allows the Child’s school, school districts and other educational institutions (collectively, “
Schools
”) to act as the parents’ agent and consent to the online collection of personal information from Children who are pupils or students of the School. This consent mechanism applies to our Educator plans.
If a Child wishes to use our Services without parental consent, he/she must obtain a student license from their School. Before a School is allowed to allocate student licenses, it must open an Educator plan with us and before we activate the plan we require that the School acting on behalf of the Child’s parent or legal guardian (“
Parent
”) (a) consents to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information from the Child, through the Services, in accordance with this Privacy Notice, and (b) agrees that the Child’s use of Zapworks are subject to our Terms of Use.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT, USE AND SHARE
: in general, we collect the same information from Children that we collect from other users of the Services and use and share such information for the same purposes. In addition, our Educator plans allow Schools to review and edit the content that their pupils and students are publishing to zapcodes or other Content Triggers. Parents should take note that the Services may enable a Child to make personal information publicly available: if your Child publishes content to a zapcode or other Content Trigger that content will be viewable by anyone who scans the zapcode or activates the other Content Trigger. If your Child’s School allocates a student license to your Child, the School may share certain information about your Child with us. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from your Child via the Services, and we may use it as described in this Privacy Notice. We may also share your Child’s personal information with: (a) the Child’s Parent’s consent, or (b) your Child’s School or those directed by your Child’s School. Zappar is not responsible for any errors in any information your Child’s School provides to us.
RIGHT OF PARENTS TO REVIEW INFORMATION COLLECTED:
As required by COPPA, we allow Parents to make certain choices regarding the personal information collected from their Children. Specifically, you have the right to (a) review the personal information collected from your Child; and (b) refuse to permit our further use or future online collection of personal information from your Child and to direct us to delete your Child’s personal information from our systems. A Parent may prohibit us from sharing a Child’s personal information with a third party by requesting such prohibition in writing to us, or through the Child’s School (as applicable). Notwithstanding any such requests, we may continue to share a Child’s personal information for the purposes of making the Services available to the Child (e.g. allowing content to be viewed by anyone who scans your Child’s zapcode) and for the following purposes (as mentioned in the Section “How does Zappar use your information?”: (i) any third party to whom we believe disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of the Services, its users and the public. This may include exchanging Information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and spam prevention; (ii) any person to whom we believe disclosure is necessary to enable us to enforce our rights under this Privacy Notice or under our Terms of Use for the Services or to defend legal claims relating to the Services; and (iii) any prospective purchaser of Zappar, its parent company, or the Services or any part thereof.
If a Parent’s Child has a Hobby plan for Zapworks, the Parent can access, change or delete the personal information that the Services have collected by either (a) logging into their Child’s account (Parents will need their Child’s login email and password); or (b) by contacting us direct at
support@zappar.com
If a Parent’s Child is using a student license provided by their School, Parents should make any permitted requests relating to their Child’s personal information to the School and have the School, as the Parent’s agent, pass on those requests to us. We may rely on the instructions that we receive from the School that we reasonably believe are given by a Child’s Parent to the School. For example, if a representative of the Child’s School contacts us and provides the account information we request, we may assume that the person contacting us is acting on behalf of the Child’s Parent.
If a Parent chooses to prohibit any future collection, use or disclosure of their Child’s personal information, the Parent may do so by submitting a written request to us to close the Child’s Zapworks plan and delete his/her information (in the case of a Hobby plan), or by terminating the Child’s access to Zapworks through the School (in the case of a student license). Upon receiving such a request from a Parent, we will delete the Child’s plan/ license and all information and content stored for such plan/ license. Zappar will not have any liability whatsoever for any deletion of a Child’s plan/ license carried out pursuant to a request made by a Parent to us or a School; or related deletion of the Child’s personal information and content. When we delete personal information and content, it will be deleted from our active database, but may remain in our archives.
In any correspondence to Zappar, such as email, Parent’s should include their Child’s login email, together with the Parent’s email address and contact phone number. To protect Children’s privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify the requestor’s identity before granting access to any personal information.
Except as described above, the Services do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from Children. In the event Zappar learns that the Services have inadvertently collected personal information from a Child without the consent of their Parent or School (e.g. a Child lies about their age when registering for Zapworks), we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If a Parent becomes aware that their Child has provided us with personal information, without proper consent, please contact us using one of the methods listed in the section below headed “Contacting us” and we will delete all such information from our systems.
PARENTAL CAUTION:
Please be aware that the Services are used by a wide variety of content creators and as such some user content published on our platform may be of a nature unsuitable for children. We have no control over this and recommend that you monitor your child’s use of the Zappar App and Zappar Web Application. If you have any concerns, then do not allow your child to use the Zappar App or Zappar Web Application with certain materials containing zapcodes or other Content Triggers.
AGE SCREENING:
As we wish to ensure that the Services are only used in compliance with our Terms of Use, we may use age screening. We do not store any individual’s date of birth.
Changes to our Privacy Notice
The Services, our collection and use of Personal Data and other information, and the laws and regulations which apply will change over time. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Notice. When we update the Privacy Notice, we will post the new version to the Zapworks website and change the “Last Updated” date. If such changes to the Privacy Notice are material, we may opt to provide a separate notification to you. We encourage you to visit this page from time to time for the latest on our information collection practices.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about the Services or this Privacy Notice, please contact us by email or by post using the details below. Please ensure that your query is clear, particularly if it is a request for information about the Personal Data we hold about you.
Postal Address:
Data Protection, Zappar Limited, The Barley Mow Centre, 10 Barley Mow Passage, London, W4 4PH, United Kingdom
Email
:
contact@zappar.com
Applicable law
Irrespective of which country you live in or submit Information from the law which applies to this Privacy Notice shall be English law.
Zapworks Designer
Quickly create amazing AR experiences with our drag and drop
                                tool.
Universal AR SDK
AR SDKs for Three.js, Unity, A-Frame, PlayCanvas,
                                Babylon.js, JavaScript and React-Three.js.
Mattercraft
The next generation of 3D web tooling for the web, including AR, VR and WebXR.
WebAR
Scan and enjoy Zapworks content in the browser, without
                                downloading an app.
WebXR
Create immersive web based XR experiences for smartphone devices and VR headsets.
AR Web Embed
Visualise and interact with content on your website with our intuitive AR Web Embed.
Location-based AR (VPS)
(NEW)
Use the Immersal Visual Position System (VPS) in Mattercraft to build location-based web experiences.
Zapworks Training
Takes your team from a standing start and equips them with
                                the skills they need.
No Code AR Training
Hands on no code AR training with Zapworks Designer.
Advanced AR Training
Comprehensive end-to-end AR training with Zapworks Studio.
L&D AR Training
Facilitator driven L&D AR training with Zapworks, specifically created for L&D teams.
Documentation & Tutorials
Explore the versatility of Zapworks with our comprehensive
                    documentation website.
Webinars
Sign up for future webinars or search through the archive of
                    previous recordings.
Discord
Find answers, share experiences and make connections with our supportive XR pioneers community.
Product Updates
See the latest Zapworks feature releases, product
                    improvements and bug fixes.
Enterprise
Join the world’s most innovative businesses in creating
                    best-in-class AR experiences.
Education
Learn how educational institutions are developing the next
                    generation of digital creatives.
Agencies
Find out how agencies use AR to unlock
                    new value for their clients.
Learning & Development
Explore how AR can level up your learning solutions, making them more engaging, interactive and memorable.
Enterprise
Education
Agencies
Learning & Development
Documentation & Tutorials
Webinars
Discord
Product Updates
Free trial
Sub-policy 1
https://hubspot.com/privacy-policy:
×
close
We use cookies to improve HubSpot’s site. Some cookies are necessary for our website and services to function properly. Other cookies are optional and help personalize your experience, including advertising and analytics. You can consent to all cookies, decline all optional cookies, or manage optional cookies. Without a selection, our default cookie settings will apply. You can change your preferences at any time. To learn more, check out our
Cookie Policy
.
Accept all
Decline all
Manage Cookies
Legal
For Customers
Customer Terms of Service
Product Specific Terms
Jurisdiction Specific Terms
Data Processing Agreement
Product and Services Catalog
Acceptable Use Policy
HubSpot Security Program
Content Moderation @HubSpot
For Partners
App Partner Program Agreement
Solutions Partner Program Agreement
Marketing Affiliate Program Agreement
HubSpot for Startups Partner Agreement
Education Partner Agreement
For Developers
HubSpot Developer Terms
HubSpot Developer Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
For Everyone
Website Terms of Use
Website Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
European Union Digital Services Act
Modern Slavery Statement
Other Legal Docs
Community Terms of Use
Marketplace Terms of Use
HUG Program Agreement
UX Research Participation Agreement
Back to Legal Stuff home
HubSpot is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to the personal data we collect and process in the course of our business. HubSpot acts in different ways when processing data:
(i) HubSpot acts as a controller of your personal data when you sign up for our products and services, visit our websites or interact with us through other channels (for example in person events). We use this data for a variety of purposes, including to provide our products and services to you, contact you about relevant content, and improve and promote our products and services.
(ii) HubSpot acts as a processor when our customers use our products and services to collect and process personal data in connection with their sales, marketing, and other business activities. In this case, we act as a processor (or service provider) on behalf of our customers (who are controllers of personal data) under the HubSpot
Data Processing Agreement
included in the
Customer Terms of Service
.
(iii) HubSpot also acts as a controller when we collect and process personal data about individuals in their professional capacity, and make that information available to customers for their own sales, marketing, and other business activities. This includes personal data we may collect indirectly about you, such as from publicly available sources, our customers, or other third parties. For more information see the “What Information We Collect and Process” section.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy "Personal Data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. This Privacy Policy describes your choices and rights with respect to your Personal Data, including your rights of access and correction.
(i) For information about how to exercise your privacy rights when HubSpot acts as a controller of personal data, please see the “Your Privacy Rights and Choices” section.
(ii) To opt out and delete your personal data from our commercial dataset of professionals, please fill out
this form
.
(iii) If you wish to exercise your privacy rights regarding Personal Data we process on behalf of a customer, please refer to the customer policies and contact the customer directly.
We update this Privacy Policy from time to time and encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are material, notify you directly (for example, by sending you an email notification). Terms not otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given to them in the
HubSpot Customer Terms of Service
.
1.
What
Information We Collect and Process
2.
How We Use Personal Data
3.
How We Share Personal Data
4.
How We Transfer Personal Data Internationally
5.
How We Store and Secure Personal Data
6.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
7.
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
8.
California Privacy Rights
9.
Other Important Privacy Information
10.
Google Integrations
11.
Contact Us
1
. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND PROCESS
1.1 Information You Provide to HubSpot.
When you interact with us via our websites or any sites or services that link to this Privacy Policy (such as HubSpot.com, the Hustle.co, etc.) or use the Subscription Service, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below.
1.1.1 When You Visit Our Websites. We collect Personal Data from you when you submit web forms or interact with our websites, for example by subscribing to a HubSpot blog, signing up for a webinar, subscribing to one of our services or requesting customer support. We may ask for your email address, first and last name, job title, and other similar business information. You are free to explore some of our websites without providing any Personal Data about yourself.
1.1.2 INBOUND and Other Event Information. When you register for
INBOUND
or a HubSpot event, we collect information such as name, address, phone number, and email address. We use this information to communicate with you and in some cases facilitate your registration. Additionally, we may share your registration data with service providers of INBOUND in order to provide event information and improve your experience at INBOUND or future HubSpot events.
1.1.3 Account and User Information. We collect Personal Data when you sign-up for a HubSpot account, create or modify user information, set preferences, or provide any other related information to access or utilize our Subscription Service.
1.1.4 Payment Information. We collect payment and billing information when you register for or purchase paid products or services. For example, we may ask you to provide a billing address, or a billing contact for your HubSpot account. If you give us payment information, we use it solely as authorized by you in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We use secure third-party payment service providers to manage payment processing, which is collected through a secure payment process.
1.1.5 Testimonials. We may post testimonials and comments on our websites, which may contain Personal Data.
1.2 Information We Process on Behalf of Customers When They Use the Subscription Service.
Our product, or the Subscription Service, allows our customers to create and share marketing, sales and customer service content. When customers use our product, they may process Personal Data such as first and last name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other information about you. We call the information that our customers submit or collect via the product ‘Customer Data’ under our
Customer Terms of Service
.
We generally store and process information about and on behalf of our customers on our servers as a processor (or service provider) based on a customer’s instructions and in accordance with our
Customer Terms of Service
.  Each customer controls and is  responsible for the information they process using the Subscription Service and for complying with any regulations or laws that require providing notice, disclosure, and/or obtaining consent prior to transferring the Personal Data to HubSpot for processing purposes.
If you have questions about the Personal Data we process on behalf of a customer, please contact the customer directly and refer to their policies.
1.3 Information We Collect and Process When You Use the Subscription Service.
1.3.1 Usage Data. We collect usage data when you or your users in your HubSpot account interact with the Subscription Service. Usage data includes metrics and information regarding your use and interaction with the Subscription Service such as what product features you use the most, when an object (like a ticket) is opened and closed, and how often certain features (like workflows) are triggered in your account.
We engage third party providers to collect usage data. For more information about how we protect your information with these service providers, please see the "How We Share Personal Data" section.
1.3.2 Mobile. When you access or use the Subscription Service via our mobile applications, we automatically collect information such as your device model and version, operating system, or device identifiers.
1.3.3 Log Files. Like most websites and technology services delivered over the Internet, we automatically collect and store information about your computer hardware and software when you visit our websites, use our product and services, or visit other sites or services that link to this Privacy Policy. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, internet service provider (ISP), and the files viewed on our websites (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), the files viewed on our, or our customer’s websites (if those websites are hosted on HubSpot e.g. HTML pages or, graphics etc.), your operating system, access times and referring website addresses.
When you use the Subscription Service, we collect and store the categories of information listed above in logs in the following instances, subject to the customer’s implementation settings:
(i) when a HubSpot User logs into their account and accesses tools in the HubSpot Platform;
(ii) when an individual visits a customer’s website, if the website is hosted by our product and services; or
(iii) when an individual visits a customer’s website, if the customer’s website is self-hosted, if the customer uses our plug-ins, and the customer uses HubSpot scripts and content (such as embedded forms).; or
(iv) third-party features and content from other companies.
Our websites may include features and widgets (such as the share and/or "like" button or interactive mini-programs) that run on our websites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our websites.
1.3.4 Third Party Integrations
You may connect third party integrations to your HubSpot account, which may ask for certain permissions to access data or send information to your HubSpot account. It is your responsibility to review any third party integrations you authorize. We may collect information about what types of integrations you use in your HubSpot account.
Any permission(s) granted by you, grants these third parties access to your data, which may include (but is not limited to) granting third party applications access to view, store, and modify your HubSpot account data.  We are not responsible for the practices of third party integrations, so please carefully review the permissions you grant to third party applications.
HubSpot Terms Tip: For more information on integrations with third party providers, please see the
"Connect apps to HubSpot"
knowledge base article.
1.4 Information We Collect From Other Sources.
1.4.1 HubSpot Partners. We may receive information about you, or Users of your HubSpot Account (if applicable), from our global network of partners. We may receive this data through a number of ways, including through our deal and lead registration processes.
We may also collect information about you through our partner co-marketing partnerships. For example, you may sign up to a webinar or download a white paper published by HubSpot and a HubSpot co-marketing partner. You can read more information about our co-marketing program at https://www.hubspot.com/co-marketing-request-form. For more information about how we share data with our partners, review the "Partners" subsection of the "How We Share Personal Data" provision of this privacy policy.
1.4.2 Third Parties. We may receive information from third party service providers, from related companies, and from our business and solution partners.
1.4.3 Personal Data from Different Sources. We may collect Personal Data about you from other sources, such as third party providers and publicly available sources (like social media platforms). This may include physical mail addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, IP addresses, and social media profiles. This helps us to update and improve our products, services, and records, identify new customers, create more personalized advertising, suggest products and services that may interest you, deliver personalized communications, and promote events.
1.4.4 Other HubSpot Companies and Affiliates. We may receive information about you from other companies that are owned or operated by HubSpot.
1.5 Information We Collect and Process in Connection with Our Enrichment Products. HubSpot collects business contact and similar professional data from various sources, including publicly available sources, third party providers, and customers who use our enrichment products. This information powers our commercial dataset. We provide information from our commercial dataset to customers who choose to use enrichment products within the Subscription Services as part of their sales, marketing, and other business activities.
If you’d like to remove your Personal Data from our commercial dataset, complete and submit
this form
. For more information about how to exercise your privacy rights and choices, please see the “Your Privacy Rights and Choices” section for more information.
1.6 Information We Collect and Process via the HubSpot Tracking Code. Our Customers may install the HubSpot Tracking Code on their website to collect information about website visitors. HubSpot uses information collected by the tracking code, such as IP addresses and online identifiers, to improve our products and services, including our commercial dataset. We store information about website visitors on our servers and process this data for our own purposes as a controller.
HubSpot Terms Tip: Please see the
"Install the HubSpot tracking code"
knowledge base article to learn more about data sharing with HubSpot.
2
. HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA
2.1 To Communicate with You About the Product and Services. We use the account information you provide to HubSpot when signing up for our products and services, to send you transactional emails or in-app notification about billing, account management, and other administrative matters.
We also use your information to recommend new products and services and to provide customer support, such as resolving technical issues you encounter and analyzing product outages or bugs.
If you use the HubSpot mobile applications, we may send you push notifications from time to time in order to update you about events and promotions. If you no longer wish to receive such communications, you may turn them off at the device level.
2.2 To Provide the Subscription Service. We use your account information and Customer Data to provide the product and services to you. For example, we use the email address you provide when signing up for the product to create your user account, and we use your payment information to process payments for paid use of the Subscription Service. We also use this information to authenticate you when you log in and to provide customer support.
2.3 To Improve and Develop Our Product and Services. We use professional data, log files, and usage data about how you or your users interact with our product and services to develop and improve our products and services. For example, we use usage data to assess trends and usage across the product to help us determine what new features or integrations our users may be interested in.
We may use Customer Data to support and develop AI features and functionality within the Subscription Service and similar products and services that rely on machine learning. You may opt out of having your Customer Data used to train HubSpot models by emailing
privacy@hubspot.com
.
We may publish data about how our product and services are being used across our customer base. When we share statistical information externally in this way, the data will be aggregated and we will not identify individual users or customers. For example, we may publish blog posts on trends or insights into how users are interacting with our product.
HubSpot Terms Tip: Please see the "
Opt out of HubSpot's machine learning data use"
knowledge base article to learn more about how your Customer Data is being used to train HubSpot models.
2.4 To Secure and Protect our Product and HubSpot Users. We use your account information to investigate and help prevent security incidents. We may also use this information to meet legal requirements. We use your information to verify user accounts, new product sign-ups, and to detect and prevent product abuse. This includes enforcing our
Acceptable Use Policy
.
We use log files to provide general statistics regarding use of the websites by you, including how you use our websites, what country you are logging in from (for analytics, export control and regulatory purposes) and to help improve the navigation experience. Your IP addresses are also collected and logged for security and debugging purposes, for example to track access patterns, investigate security events and incidents. For these purposes we associate automatically-collected data to other personal data provided by you such as name, email address, address, and phone number.
2.5 To Market and Promote the Subscription Service. We use Personal Data to advertise, market, and promote our products, services, and other offerings. For example, we use information like your email or physical address to send information or HubSpot content to you we think may be of interest to you, including by post, email, or other means.  We may also send you marketing communications relating to our business.
You may opt out of receiving this promotional content by following the instructions contained in each communication that we send to you. If you unsubscribe from our marketing lists, we will continue to contact you regarding administrative matters, and to respond to your requests.
We may reach out to you via telephone to ask about other HubSpot products or services you may be interested in. If you have a call scheduled with a HubSpot representative, we may record and transcribe the call. You will be notified prior to the call that the call is being recorded, and you will be offered an opportunity to opt-out of having the call recorded.  We may also reach out to you via SMS, and you will be offered an opportunity to opt out of those communications.
Where required by law, we will only send marketing communications with your consent. Otherwise, we will market and advertise our products and services on the basis of our legitimate business interests.
We may use information collected from third party service providers and other sources in combination with other information we collect through other means described in this Privacy Policy for the purposes of providing you with updates and improved services, personalized communications, event promotion, and to otherwise improve the user experience.
2.6 Other Purposes if We Obtain Your Consent. We may use your data for other purposes when you give us consent to do so.
2.7 Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data (EEA and UK visitors only). If you are a website visitor located in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or United Kingdom ("UK"), HubSpot Ireland Limited is the data controller of your Personal Data. HubSpot's Data Protection Officer can be contacted
here
.
Our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you.
If we ask you to provide Personal Data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Data). Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Data in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
3
. HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA
3.1 Service Providers.
We may share Personal Data with our third party service providers to support our websites, products, and services. For example, we use service providers for data hosting, application development, marketing, sales support and customer support. We may need to share your information with service providers to provide information about products or services to you. Examples may include removing repetitive information from prospect lists, analyzing data or performing statistical analysis on your use of the Subscription Service or interactions on our websites, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, supplementing the information you provide us in order to provide you with better service, developing and improving the product and services, and providing customer service or support. These service providers are prohibited from using your Personal Data except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. In all cases where we share your information in this way, we explicitly require the third party service providers to acknowledge and adhere to our privacy and data protection policies and standards.
3.2 Partners. We may share your personal data with trusted HubSpot partners to: (i) contact you based on your communication preferences; (ii) help us perform statistical analysis; (iii) provide sales support; (iv) provide customer support; and (v) to improve our partner programs and Subscriptions Services. Partners are prohibited from using your Personal Data except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your data.
We also partner with trusted third parties to provide you with co-marketing content that we think may be relevant to you. When you engage with these co-marketing partners, we will tell you who we are sharing data with, and provide a link to the co-marketing partner’s privacy policy so you can learn more about their privacy practices and how to opt-out of the partner’s communications. You will always have a choice as to whether to disclose your Personal Information to our co-marketing partners. These co-marketing partners are required to adhere to our privacy and data protection policies. For more information on our co-marketing program, see
this page
.
3.3 Advertising Partners. We allow advertising networks to collect information about your interactions with our websites in order to deliver Hubspot’s personalized ads. We may also share Personal Data, such as your email address, with our advertising partners to deliver Hubspot’s personalized ads on other companies' sites or mobile apps.  You can opt out of having your data disclosed to our advertising partners through this
form
.
3.4 Corporate Events. If we (or our assets) are acquired by another company, whether by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or otherwise, that company would receive all information gathered by HubSpot on the websites and the Subscription Service. In this event, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses of your Personal Data, and choices you may have regarding your Personal Data.
3.5 Public Forums. Our websites may offer publicly accessible message boards, blogs, and community forums (e.g., HubSpot Community, Connect.com, etc.). Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose any information through our public message boards, blogs, or forums (including profile information associated with the account you use to post the information) it may be read, collected and used by any member of the public who accesses these websites. Your posts and certain profile information may remain even after you terminate your account. We urge you to consider the sensitivity of any information you may disclose in this way. We will correct or delete any information you have posted on the websites if you so request, as described in the"Your Privacy Rights and Choices" section of this Privacy Notice. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your information; we will let you know if we are unable to and why, if permitted.
3.6 Compelled Disclosure. We reserve the right to use or disclose your Personal Data if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or comply with a law, court order, or legal process. If you use the Subscription Service, Customer Data is considered Confidential Information and you should review the Confidentiality terms in the
Customer Terms of Service
for more information. HubSpot shares data about requests for customer information, to learn more see our
Data Disclosure and Transparency Report
.
3.7 HubSpot, Other Companies, and Affiliates. We may share your Personal Data with our current and future parents, Affiliates, subsidiaries, and other entities under common control and ownership to the extent necessary to fulfill your request or for other purposes permitted under this Privacy Policy.
3.8 HubSpot Customers in Connection with Our Enrichment Products. We may share Personal Data about individuals in our commercial dataset with our customers that use our enrichment products. Customers may use this information for their sales and marketing activities. We rely on our legitimate interests, as well as those of our customers, to collect and share data for the purposes listed. HubSpot’s and our customers’ legitimate interests are not more important than your privacy rights, and we process your data on the basis that people would expect their work-related data to be shared in this way. See the “Information We Collect and Process In Connection With Our Enrichment Products” section for more information.
4
. HOW WE TRANSFER PERSONAL DATA INTERNATIONALLY
4.1 International Transfers within the HubSpot Group. To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer information that may include Personal Data to other HubSpot Affiliates who act as subprocessors, where we have operations for the purposes described in this policy. Please see
Annex 3 of our Customer Data Processing Agreement
for a list of impacted HubSpot Affiliates and their locations.
This Privacy Policy will apply even if we transfer Personal Data to other countries. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your Personal Data will remain protected wherever it is transferred. When we share Personal Data of individuals in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), Switzerland or the United Kingdom ("UK") within and among HubSpot’s Affiliates, we rely upon the the Standard Contractual Clauses (approved by the European Commission and Swiss authorities) and UK Addendum to the Standard Contractual Clauses (approved by the UK authorities) where required.  We also have additional safeguards where appropriate (such as commercial industry standard secure encryption methods to protect customer data at rest and in transit, TLS for HubSpot hosted sites, web application firewall protection, and other appropriate contractual and organizational measures), as described more in detail in the
HubSpot Trust Center
.
4.2 International Transfers to Third Parties. Some of the third parties described in this Privacy Policy, which provide services to us under contract, are based in other countries that may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the country in which you reside. When we share Personal Data of individuals in the EEA, Switzerland or UK with third parties, we use a variety of legal mechanisms to safeguard the transfer including the European Commission-approved Data Privacy Framework Standard Contractual Clauses, as well as additional safeguards where appropriate. For transfers to or from the United Kingdom, we make use of the UK Addendum. For transfers to or from Canada, we make use of the standard contractual clauses. With respect to personal data received from or transferred to Canada, HubSpot is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada. Please contact us if you need more information about the legal mechanisms we rely on to transfer personal data outside the EEA, Switzerland, Canada, and UK.
4.3 Data Privacy Framework Notice. HubSpot complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively “the Data Privacy Framework”).
HubSpot has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-US DPF Principles with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the European Union, and the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) and to the Swiss-US DPF Principles with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland. If there is any conflict between this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles will govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are located in the EU, UK or Switzerland, you have the right to request access to the Personal Data that we hold about you and request that we correct, amend or delete your Personal Data if it is inaccurate or processed in violation of the DPF Principles. We will give you an opportunity to opt out where Personal Data we control about you is to be disclosed to an independent third party or used for a purpose that is materially different from those set out in this Privacy Policy. If you would like to exercise any of your rights, please contact us via the details provided below.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, HubSpot commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Data. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the DPF Principles should first contact HubSpot at
privacy@hubspot.com
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any DPF Principles-related complaints within 45 days.
In compliance with the Data Privacy Framework, HubSpot commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework to an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of TRUSTe Dispute Resolution, are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF website, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has jurisdiction over HubSpot’s compliance with the DPF Principles. HubSpot is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the FTC.
In the context of an onward transfer, HubSpot is responsible for the processing of Personal Data it receives under the DPF Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. HubSpot will remain liable under the DPF Principles if our agent processes your Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless HubSpot is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Please note that under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
5. HOW WE STORE AND SECURE PERSONAL DATA
5.1 Data Storage and Security. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We secure the Personal Data you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. All Personal Data is protected using appropriate physical, technical and organizational measures. For more on Security at HubSpot, please see
https://trust.hubspot.com/
.
5.2 Retention of Personal Data. How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information and how we collect and store it. After a reasonable period of time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible, then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.
We retain Personal Data that you provide to us where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Data, we securely delete the information or anonymize it or, if this is not possible, securely store your Personal Data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. We will delete this information at an earlier date if you so request, as described in the "Privacy Rights and Choices" section.
If you have elected to receive marketing communications from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our content, products, or services, such as when you last opened an email from us or ceased using your HubSpot account.  We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created.
The data we process on behalf of customers connection with the Subscription Service is stored and secured according to the
HubSpot Customer Terms of Service
and Customer
Data Processing Agreement
.
6. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
6.1 Cookies. When you visit our websites, sign up for a HubSpot account, attend a HubSpot virtual event, or request more information about HubSpot, we collect information automatically using tracking technologies, like cookies and tracking pixels. For more information, and to learn how to opt out, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
.
HubSpot may use cookies or similar technologies (such as web beacons and JavaScript) to analyze trends, administer the website, monitor how visitors navigate around the websites, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. To find out more about how we use cookies on our websites and how to manage your cookie preferences please see the
HubSpot Cookie Policy
as updated by us from time-to-time, without additional notice.
6.2 Advertising. We partner with third party ad networks to display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and web beacons to collect information about your activities on this and other websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.  If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by using these services:
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
or
https://optout.aboutads.info/
(or if located in the European Union, by clicking here:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising you will continue to receive generic ads.
7. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS AND CHOICES
7.1 Personal Data Requests. Depending on your location and applicable laws, you may have the following data protection rights:
(i) Access, Correction or Deletion. You can request access, correction, updates or deletion of your Personal Data.
(ii) Objection or Restriction. You can object to our processing of your Personal Data, ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Data or request portability of your Personal Data.
(iii) Withdraw Consent. If we have collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
To exercise any of these rights:
(i) for HubSpot, including our websites and product or services, please use
this form
;
(ii) for the Hustle, please contact us at
privacy@thehustle.co
.
If you’d like your information to be removed from our commercial dataset, or would like to opt out from the sharing of your Personal Data for our advertising and marketing activities, please fill out
this form
.
For all HubSpot brands (including the Hustle), you may also write to us by mail at HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141 USA, Attn: Privacy and Data Protection Officer.
Please note that to protect Personal Data, we may verify your identity by a method appropriate to the type of request you are making. Depending on where you reside, you may be entitled to empower an “authorized agent” to submit requests on your behalf. We will require authorized agents to confirm their identity and authority, in accordance with applicable laws. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination.
We will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your data within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken. In some instances, your rights may be limited, such as where fulfilling your request would impair the rights of others, our ability to provide a service you have requested, or our ability to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our legal rights. Depending on your location, and applicable laws, you may have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA are available on the European Data Protection Board member page
here
.
If you are a customer, prospect, or otherwise interact with a HubSpot customer that uses our Subscription Service and would like to access, correct, amend or delete your data controlled by the customer, please contact the relevant customer directly. HubSpot acts as a processor for our customers in most cases and will work with our customers to fulfill these requests when applicable.
7.2 Anti-Spam Policy. Our
Acceptable Use Policy
applies to us and to our customers and, among other things, prohibits use of the Subscription Service to send unsolicited commercial email in violation of applicable laws, and requires the inclusion in every email sent using the Subscription Service of an "opt-out" mechanism and other required information. We require all of our customers to agree to adhere to the Acceptable Use Policy at all times, and any violations of the Acceptable Use Policy by a customer can result in immediate suspension or termination of the Subscription Service.
7.3 To Unsubscribe From Our Communications. You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications through the following methods:
(i) by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of our e-mails;
(ii) updating your communication preferences;
(iii) for HubSpot, by contacting us on the
HubSpot Privacy Request Form
;
(iv) for the Hustle by contacting us at
privacy@thehustle.co
; or
(v) for all HubSpot brands (including the Hustle) write to us by mail at HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141 USA, Attn: Privacy and Data Protection Officer.
Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their HubSpot Account or the Subscription Service.
7.4 To Unsubscribe From Our Customers' Communications. Our customers are solely responsible for their own marketing emails and other communications; we cannot unsubscribe you from their communications. Individuals who interact with a HubSpot customer can unsubscribe from our customers' marketing communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of their emails, or by contacting them directly.
8. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
8.1 Applicability. This section applies only to California consumers. For purposes of this section "Personal Information" has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). It describes how we collect, use, and share California consumers' Personal Information in our role as a business, and the rights applicable to such residents.
If you are unable to access this Privacy Policy due to a disability or any physical or mental impairment, please contact us and we will arrange to supply you with the information you need in an alternative format that you can access.
8.2 How We Collect, Use, and Disclose Your Personal Information. We have collected the following statutory categories of Personal Information in the past twelve (12) months:
(i) Identifiers, such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, and phone number. We collect this information directly from you or from third party sources.
(ii) Commercial information, such as subscription records. We collect this information directly from you.
(iii) Internet or network information, such as browsing and search history. We collect this information directly from your device.
(iv) Geolocation data, such as IP address. We collect this information from your device.
(v) Financial information, such as Payment Information or financial account numbers in the process of providing you with a subscription. We collect this information from you.
(vi) Professional data, such as your job title and company.
(vii) Other Personal Data, in instances when you interact with us online, by phone or mail in the context of receiving help through our help desks or other support channels; participation in customer surveys or contests; or in providing the Subscription Service.
(viii) Inferences drawn from any of the above categories, alone or in combination.
The business and commercial purposes for which we collect this information are described in this Privacy Policy. The categories of third parties to whom we "disclose" this information for a business purpose are described in the “How We Share Personal Data” section of this Privacy Policy. The period of time for which we retain this information is described in the “How We Store and Secure Personal Data” section of this Privacy Policy.
In the preceding 12 months, we have “sold” or “shared” (as defined under the CCPA) certain information, including identifiers, to our advertising partners. We have also “sold” or “shared” certain information, including identifiers, approximate location data, and professional data to our customers.
8.3 Your California Rights. You have certain rights regarding the Personal Information we collect or maintain about you. Please note these rights are not absolute, and there may be cases when we decline your request as permitted by law. These rights include:
(i) The right of access means that you have the right to request that we disclose what Personal Data we have collected and maintained about you in the past 12 months.
(ii) The right of deletion means that you have the right to request that we delete Personal Data collected or maintained by us, subject to certain exceptions.
(iii) The right of correction means that you have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate Personal Data that we maintain about you.
(iv) The right to request information concerning the categories of Personal Data (if any) that we disclose to third parties or affiliates for their direct marketing purposes.
(v) The right to limit the use of sensitive personal information means that you have the right to direct businesses to only use your sensitive personal information for limited purposes. We only collect sensitive personal information (such as your payment information), as defined by applicable laws for the purposes allowed by law or with your consent. We do not collect or process sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you.
(vi) The right to appeal means that you can appeal any decision by us to deny your privacy rights under applicable laws.
(vii) The right to non-discrimination means that you will not receive any discriminatory treatment when you exercise one of your privacy rights.
We respond to all appeal requests as soon as we reasonably can, and no later than legally required.
8.4 How to Exercise Your California Rights. You can exercise your rights yourself or you can alternatively designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. Please note that to protect your Personal Data, we will verify your identity by a method appropriate to the type of request you are making. Depending on your request, we will ask for information such as your name and your email address. We may also request that your authorized agent have written permission from you to make requests on your behalf, and we may also need to verify your authorized agent's identity to protect your Personal Data. We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized to act on your behalf.
We will respond within the time frame permitted by applicable law. Please note that we may charge a reasonable fee for multiple requests in the same 12-month period, as permitted by law.
Please use the contact details below, or see the  "Your Privacy Rights and Choices" section above, if you would like to:
(i) Access this policy in an alternative format;
(ii) Exercise any of your rights described above;
(iii) Learn more about your rights or our privacy practices; or
(iv) Designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf.
8.5 Right to Opt Out of "Sale" or "Sharing". HubSpot collects data from publicly available sources or other third-party sources and discloses that information to our customers who purchase our enrichment products. This may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under certain state privacy laws, such as the CCPA. Please see the "Information We Collect and Process in connection with our enrichment products” section for more information.
We may also "share" your Personal Data, as defined under the CCPA , with third party advertising partners to deliver personalized ads on HubSpot's behalf on other companies' sites or mobile apps. Please see the  "Advertising Partners" section for more information.
If you’d like your information to be removed from our commercial dataset, or would like to opt out from the "sharing" of your Personal Data for our advertising and marketing activities, please fill out
this form
.
You can also control the personalized advertising you see by using these services:
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
or
https://optout.aboutads.info
/ (or if located in the European Union, by clicking here:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising and you will continue to receive generic ads.
We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” Personal Data of children under 16 years of age.
9. OTHER IMPORTANT PRIVACY INFORMATION
9.1 Information About Children. HubSpot's websites, products, and services are not intended for or targeted at children under 16, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect Personal Data about children under 16. If you believe that we have collected Personal Data about a child under 16, please contact us
here
, so that we may delete the information.
9.1.1 Children's Information In the Subscription Service. Our product, or the Subscription Service, allows our customers to collect children's information, which may be included in Customer Data, under our
Customer Terms of Service
. For more information about how we process data on behalf of our customers as a processor, review the 'Information We Process on Behalf of Customers When They Use the Subscription Service’ subsection of this privacy policy.
9.2 Third Party Dispute Resolution. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
10. GOOGLE PRODUCTS AND INTEGRATIONS
10.1 Google reCAPTCHA. We have implemented Google reCAPTCHA Enterprise on certain products and services to prevent malicious software from engaging in abusive activities on our websites. You can learn more about data collected by Google and what this data is used for in
Google's Privacy Policy
. Additional information on Google services and products is available in
Google's Terms of Service
.
10.2 Gmail Integration. If you use the Gmail integration or choose to integrate any other Google Workspace application with HubSpot, you will be asked to give us access to information from your Gmail or Google account.
By using the Gmail integration with the Subscription Service you will grant the Subscription Service access to information associated with your account, including contacts, emails, calendar, distribution lists, subject lines, and URLs of tracked links from your email, if you use the email tracking functionality. In addition, the Subscription Service will be able to read, modify, create, and send emails from your connected Gmail account. The Subscription Service will scan the content of your emails to identify which emails you have elected to track in order to provide you with the notifications feature. The Subscription Service will store replies, outgoing mail, email headers, subject line, distribution lists, aliases, time sent, and email bodies. Your email may contain sensitive, private, or highly confidential information, such as names of your contacts, your private communications, or financial or medical information. You understand that the correspondences you track will be visible to other users on your Subscription team. Google Workspace APIs are not used to develop, improve, or train generalized AI and/or ML models.
If you connect your Gmail account via IMAP (or Generic Inbox Connection), the Subscription Service will have access only to email address, password, server information, email metadata, and message bodies. Additionally, connecting your Gmail account via IMAP does not require you to connect any other Google Workspace applications.
HubSpot Terms Tip: You can learn more about how we access this data in the "
Connect your personal email
" knowledge base article.
10.3 Additional Limits on Use of Your Google User Data. HubSpot's use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
10.4 Google Calendar Integration. The Subscription Service will have access to both your Google Calendar and any other calendar you access via Google in order to power our Meetings tool, and allow you to associate events with contacts in your HubSpot account. The Subscription Service will have the ability to: create or change your calendars, and update individual calendar events.
10.5 Google Drive Integration. As part of connecting your Google Drive, the Subscription Service will be able to: see your files, upload and download your files, and store file contents and titles. The Subscription Service uses these permissions to power the features of our Composer and Collect tools, allowing you to create drafts of blog posts in Drive and then upload directly for publishing.
10.6 Google Search Console. You can integrate your Google Search Console with our Content Management System (CMS) and our Marketing Hub product. As part of this integration, the Subscription Service will be able to view, manage and store properties which include the list of sites and domains you control in HubSpot and the Search Console data for your connected properties.
10.7 Chrome Extensions.
10.7.1 Sales Extension. You can install the HubSpot Sales Chrome Extension to track Gmail and Google Workspace emails through your Chrome browser. Once installed, the Extension can read and change all your data on the websites you visit and display notifications. It logs all emails from Gmail and can be used in conjunction with the Inbox Integration.
10.7.2 Collect Extension. The Collect Extension integrates with your Google Drive, allowing you to upload files and text directly from your Chrome Browser into your drive. These files will then be available for your use through the Google Drive integration.
10.7.3 Social Extension. The HubSpot Social Chrome Extension allows sharing of pages, text, and images from around the web with the HubSpot Social Composer tool. You are able to draft or schedule posts, assign campaigns, and then see posts on the Social Calendar tool or in Social Reports once published.
HubSpot Terms Tip: The Social Extension only accesses information about the current page, after its toolbar button is clicked, utilizing the permissions granted at this ''
Install and use the HubSpot Social Chrome extension
" knowledge base article.
10.8 YouTube Integration. If you are a HubSpot Customer and choose to use the YouTube integration with your HubSpot Subscription Services, you will be asked to give us access to information from your YouTube account and have the option to link your accounts.
By using the YouTube integration with the Subscription Service you grant the HubSpot Subscription Service access to information associated with your YouTube account. The Subscription Service will scan the content of your YouTube account to identify content you have elected to track in order to provide you with features in the Subscription Services. The Subscription Service will store information from your YouTube account. You understand that the information from your YouTube Account you track in the Subscription Services may be visible to other Users within your HubSpot Account.
Your use of HubSpot’s YouTube integration is subject to the YouTube Terms of Service available at
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
and the Google Privacy Policy available at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
.
In addition to the typical data deletion functionality supported in the Subscription Services, Customers may have the option to revoke the YouTube integration from your HubSpot account, in the Google security settings page at
https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions
.
HubSpot Terms Tip: You can learn more about how we access information or remove access to your Google account by following the steps in the "
Remove access to HubSpot in your Google account
" knowledge base article.
11. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, or if you have a disability and need to access this notice in a different format:
(i) for HubSpot contact us on our
Privacy Request Form
;
(ii) for the Hustle please contact us at
privacy@thehustle.co
; or
(iii) You may also contact us by postal mail for all HubSpot brands at:
Attn: Privacy and Data Protection Officer
HubSpot, Inc.
Two Canal Park
Cambridge, MA 02141 USA