Taconic System Privacy Policy
Introduction
Welcome to the Taconic System (“TaconicSys”) website and application (“Site” and “App”) and, if applicable, choosing to use our Service or our App. We try to make our Privacy Policy easy to understand so that you are informed as to how we use your information.  This Privacy Policy, like our Terms of Service, is an integral part of using our Service; therefore you must completely agree to our Privacy Policy in order to use our Site or Service.  You must be over the age of 18 to use our Site, Service or App.
Information Collected
Personally Identifiable Information Submitted by You
You will not be required to provide us any information when you visit our Site.  However, in order to use our Service and access our App, we will collect your name and email.
Non-Identifying Information
Whenever you use our Site or Service, we may collect non-identifying information from you, such as your IP address, interactions with the Site and Service, query information, location, referring URL, browser, operating system, cookie information, UID, geo location data, usage, data transferred, and Internet Service Provider.  Additionally, we may collect information regarding your usage and interaction with our App or Site. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party such as your wireless provider, this information alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
Health Care Information Collected
Whenever you use our App or Site we may collect additional information about your health.  This information includes information related to past, present or future physical or mental health or conditions of you as an individual.    Additionally, we may collect information regarding your usage and interaction with our App.
Use of Your Information
We will never sell or transfer any personally identifiable information to third parties without your consent. However, you agree that we may use your information:
To enhance or improve our users’ experiences.
To provide our Service to you.
To email you newsletters and correspondence.
To contact you and to respond to inquiries.
To understand how you use our App.
To transfer or sell to a third party with your permission.
Additionally, we may give your information to law enforcement if we are compelled to by a court order, if there has been a violation of any US laws or if a violation of the Terms of Service or Privacy Policy has occurred.
Accessing, Editing, and Removing Your Information
If you have any questions or wish to review, change, or access any of your information collected by us, please contact us at
legal@taconicsys.com
.  Additionally, if you wish to opt out of our data collection practices or would like us to remove any of your information, please contact us at
legal@taconicsys.com
.
Cookies
We use cookies to remember your preferences, advertisements,  and your shopping cart, for this reason, you must have cookies enabled in your browser to use our Site and Services.  Additionally, some or all of our cookies may be accessible by third parties.
Third Party Access to Your Information
Although you are entering into an Agreement with TaconicSys to disclose your information to us, we do use third party individuals and organizations to assist us, including contractors, web hosts, and others such as Google Analytics.
Throughout the course of our provision of our Services to you, we may delegate our authority to collect, access, use, and disseminate your information.  It is therefore necessary that you grant the third parties we may use in the course of our business the same rights that you afford us under this Privacy Policy.  For this reason, you hereby agree that for every authorization which you grant to us in this Privacy Policy, you also grant to any third party that we may hire, contract, or otherwise retain the services of for the purpose of operating, maintaining, repairing, or otherwise improving or preserving our website or its underlying files or systems.  You agree not to hold us liable for the actions of any of these third parties, even if we would normally be held vicariously liable for their actions, and that you must take legal action against them directly should they commit any tort or other actionable wrong against you.  A non-exhaustive list of parties who may have access to your information include:
Google Adsense
Flurry
Law Enforcement
You agree that we may disclose your information to authorities if compelled to by a court order.  Additionally, you agree that we may disclose your information if we reasonably believe that you have violated US law or the terms of our Terms of Service or Privacy Policy or if we believe that a third party is at risk of bodily harm.   In the event that we receive a subpoena affecting your privacy, we may elect to notify you to give you an opportunity to file a motion to quash the subpoena, or we may attempt to quash it ourselves, but we are not obligated to do either.  We may also proactively report you and release your information without receiving any request to third parties where we believe that it is proper to do so for legal reasons, such as instances where we believe your publications violate any law of the United States or any other country having jurisdiction over us, our Site, Services, or our Terms of Service.  You release us from any damages that may arise from or relate to the release of your information to a request from law enforcement agencies or private litigants.  We may release your information under the conditions listed in this paragraph whether it is to individuals or entities and to any state or national authorities, as required.
Commercial and Non-Commercial Communications
If you decide to provide us with your contact information, you waive all rights to file complaints concerning unsolicited emails from us, since you have agreed to such communication.  However, you may unsubscribe from certain communications by notifying TaconicSys that you no longer wish to receive these solicitations, we will endeavour to remove you from our database where you have the right to request this under our Agreement, Privacy Policy, or applicable law.  If you wish to opt out of certain communications, please contact us at
legal@taconicsys.com
.
Third Parties
TaconicSys may post links to third party websites on our Site or Service, which may include information that we have no control over.  When accessing a third party site through our Site or Service, you acknowledge that you are aware that these third party websites are not screened for privacy or security issues by us, and you release us from any liability for the conduct of these third party websites.
Please be aware that this Privacy Policy, and any other policies in place, in addition to any amendments, does not create rights enforceable by third parties.  TaconicSys bears no responsibility for the information collected or used by any advertiser or third party website. You must review their Terms of Service and Privacy to understand how their information collection practices work.
Security Measures
We take reasonable attempts to protect your information by using SSL certificates.  However, as this is the Internet, we can make no guarantees as to the security or privacy of your information through our Site or App.  For this reason, we recommend that you use anti-virus software, routine credit checks, firewalls, and other precautions to protect yourself from security and privacy threats.
Age Compliance
We intend to fully comply with US laws respecting children’s privacy.  Therefore, we do not collect or process any information for any persons under the age of 18.  If you are under 18 and using our Site or Service, please stop immediately and do not submit any information to us.
International Transfer
Your information may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.  We may transfer personal information to the United States or elsewhere and process it there.  Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Your California Privacy Rights
TaconicSys permits residents of the State of California to use its Service, and complies with the California Business and Professions Code §§ 22575-22579.  If you are a California resident you may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  Various provisions throughout this Privacy Policy address requirements of the Californian privacy statutes. Although we do not disseminate your information to third parties without permission, you must presume that we collect electronic information from all visitors. You may contact us at
legal@taconicsys.com
with any questions.
Amendments
Like our Terms of Service, we may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time.  When we amend this Privacy Policy, we will place a note on our Site or we may contact you.  You must agree to the amendments as a condition of your continued use of our Site and Service.  If you do not agree, you must immediately cease using our Site and Service and notify us of your refusal to agree by e-mailing us at the address listed on our website.
Last Modified: September 3, 2013