Data Protection Policy
In the following, we would like to inform you that if you use our services and use our products, we request and process personal data from you.
1. Scope
This data protection policy applies to the baha financial portal services (“baha Services”), which include the web financial portal hosted at www.baha.com, the mobile version of the baha financial portal (m.baha.com), the baha iPhone and iPad app, the baha Android App and all other services provided on any website, mobile application, or other medium operated by baha GmbH (“baha”), formerly TeleTrader Software GmbH.
By using the baha Services, you consent to all of the collection, use and processing of personal data, as well as to the analysis and evaluation of the usage of the Services, and to baha’s use of Cookies, Google Analytics and similar technologies as described in this document.
2. Who is responsible for processing the personal data?
baha GmbH
Marc-Aurel-Straße 10-12, 1010 Vienna, Austria
E-Mail:  dataprotection@baha.com
3. What personal data is processed?
A large part of the baha Services can be used without providing personal data. For the use of all Services, however, it is necessary that you provide personal data (i.e. by the registration of a baha account). This personal data is required to process the respective Service and was transmitted by you to baha voluntarily. These include:
- unique identifiers (username or e-mail address)
- contact details (e-mail address, telephone number)
- configuration data of the respective service (i.e. price alerts, personal portfolios and watchlists, etc.)
- basic data (first name, last name, if provided by you to baha via i.e. a feedback form)
By using a baha Service, additional data is automatically generated and transmitted by your browser or end device to baha.  If logged in, these data can be connected to your baha account. These data include, but are not limited to:
- visited pages and used services
- used operating system
- browser type / browser version / end device type
- date and time of the request
- IP address
Any personal data that is transferred to baha during the regisations of any baha account or use of the Services shall be collected, stored, and electronically processed by baha with commercially reasonable care and discretion.
Registration with an existing social network account
baha Services may also offer the option to use an existing social network account (from i.e. Facebook, Google, Yahoo or Linkedin) for registration of a baha account. The first step in this registration process will immediately redirect you to the portal of the respective social network, where you will then be asked to log in or to register. Under no circumstances will baha receive your personal access data (user name and password). Baha will use the email address you have saved in your social network account in order to set up the baha account.
4. For what purpose is the data processed and on which legal basis?
The above personal data is required
- to provide personalized services (such as price alerts and watchlists),
- for the processing of your feedback,
- for sending a newsletter (if you have explicitly registered for it),
- as well as for the operation and the improvement of our services.
In order to remunerate the fact that baha Services are free service offerings, baha reserves the right to process the personal data for the purposes of internal market research and direct marketing in return. You can revoke this by sending a written notification to baha.
Your personal data is processed on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 1a EU-GDPR) and a legitimate interest pursued by baha (to Art. 6 1f EU-GDPR).
5. Will the data be shared, and will it be transmitted to a country outside the European Union?
Within baha GmbH as well as baha’s affiliate Portfolio - TeleTrader Kft, those employees receive the personal data which they need to maintain the operation of the baha Services, for the purpose of internal market research and direct marketing, as well as the fulfillment of your data protection rights. Furthermore, your data will be processed by baha’s affiliate TeleTrader d.o.o. in an EU third country.
Facebook and Facebook Pixel
Some parts of the baha Services have plugins of the social network Facebook integrated. The Facebook plugins are recognizable by the Facebook logo or the "Like-Button" ("Like"). By using this plugin, page content can be linked to your Facebook profile – this allows Facebook to associate visits to the pages to your user account. In addition, baha Services have also the “Facebook Pixel” from Facebook integrated. This is used by baha to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to baha. However, this data is processed by Facebook. Facebook may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes. You can allow Facebook and its partners to place ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes. You can object to the collection of your data by Facebook Pixel, or to the use of your data for the purpose of displaying Facebook ads by contacting https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads. For more information, see the Facebook Privacy Policy at https://www.facebook.com/policy.php. Facebook is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus guarantees compliance with European data protection legislation (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC).
Twitter and Twitter Pixel
Some parts of the baha Services have functions of the Twitter service integrated. These features are recognizable by the Twitter logo. Using these features will transfer data to Twitter. In addition, baha Services have also the Conversion Tracking Service of Twitter integrated. Twitter stores a cookie on the user’s computer to enable an analysis of the use of baha Services. Twitter Conversion Tracking tracks the actions of users after they have viewed ads or interacted with ads on Twitter. This enables baha to measure the effectiveness of Twitter ads and tweets for statistical and market research purposes. For more information, see the Twitter Privacy Policy at https://twitter.com/privacy. Twitter is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus guarantees its compliance with European data protection legislation (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TORzAAO).
A transfer of your personal data to other third parties does not take place, unless baha is legally obliged to disclose data or if baha engages third parties obliged with professional secrecy to enforce legal claims.
6. How long will the data be processed?
The erasure of the personal data takes place if you revoke your consent for processing the personal data or if the processing of these data is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the purpose for which the data was initially collected. Baha reserves the right to delete inactive baha accounts. A baha account is considered inactive if you have not taken any action over a period of more than 12 months.
7. Which data protection rights are available to you?
You have the right to access your personal data, as well as rectification, erasure, restriction, data portability, and objection, if the exercise of this right does not conflict with the fulfillment of a legal obligation on baha or the processing of the data serves for an assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims by baha. You can address complaints to the Austrian Data Protection Authority.
8. Use of Cookies and Analytics
Baha Services use internal software as well as third-party software, including Google Analytics, to analyze the use of content and services. This makes it possible to evaluate the use of the content and services and to collect helpful information about the needs of baha users. Such analysis and evaluation contributes to improving the quality of baha’s websites and the content, and to adapting the services to better service user needs.
In this case cookies are used, which are text files that are stored on the end devices of each user of the services. Cookies make it possible to recognize each user when they return to use the services or applications again. If your browser or device allows it, baha will use both session cookies and persistent cookies to personalize the services, remember the individual language selection, etc.
The information generated by the Google Analytics cookie about the use of the baha Service by users is generally transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google will use this information on baha’s behalf to evaluate the use of baha Service by users, to compile reports on the activities within these Services and to provide baha with further services associated with the use of the baha Service and the use of the internet.
More information about Google Analytics can be found at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en (browser add-on to disable Google Analytics) or https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en (general information about Google Analytics and privacy).
In general, cookies may be refused or deleted through browser settings. However, such refusal and deletion may result in the limitation or unavailability of some functions of the services.
Last update: 11.11.2020