Privacy Policy
Latest version: June 21st 2022, version 2.0
FING PRIVACY STATEMENT
1. We respect your privacy
Within the scope of its activities Fing Limited, a limited liability company existing under the Laws of Ireland with its registered address at Trinity House, Charleston Road, Ranelagh Dublin 6 D06C8X4 Ireland, registered under number 613286 and its affiliates that link to this privacy statement (“
Fing
”) collect and use information about natural persons (also known as “
personal data
”).
At Fing we value and respect your privacy and the security of your personal data. That is why we process your personal data in strict compliance with the applicable legislation on personal data protection (including the General Data Protection Regulation or “
GDPR
”).
This privacy statement sets out how Fing processes your personal data when you use the Fing websites (including www.fing.com and app.fing.com, help.fing.com, community.fing.com), use the Fing products and services (including via the Fing mobile application, Fing desktop application, Fing web app or the hardware add-on Fingbox), or in any other way interact with Fing, supplemental transparency may be provided, through e.g. disclaimers, electronic means or orally.
Fing is committed to ensuring that your privacy is fully protected. Should we request you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using our product, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with our privacy statement.
Within the scope of our commitment to protect your privacy and the security of your personal data, we wish to explain in all transparency:
what our role as controller of personal data comprises of;
which personal data we process and how we collect it;
why we collect, use and save personal data; and
what your rights and our obligations are in this respect
2. The controller of your personal data
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy Fing acts as the
controller
of your personal data. This means that it will decide why and how your personal data will be collected and used.
In limited cases Fing may act as a
joint-controller
with another controller for the processing of your personal data, in such case Fing and that controller jointly determine why your personal data is processed.
Facebook Ireland is a joint controller of the personal data processed through the Facebook Page Insights service. Further information on how Facebook Ireland processes Personal Data, including the legal basis Facebook Ireland relies on and the ways to exercise Data Subject rights against Facebook Ireland, can be found in Facebook Ireland’s Data Policy at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
.
Facebook Ireland and Fing have entered into an arrangement to determine their respective responsibilities for compliance with the obligations under the GDPR.
Facebook Ireland and Fing have agreed that Facebook Ireland is responsible for providing you with information about the processing for Page Insights and for enabling you to exercise your rights under the GDPR. Under the GDPR, you have the right to access, rectify, port, delete and object to and restrict processing of your data. Learn more about these rights in your Facebook settings. You can also contact Facebook Ireland’s data protection officer whose contact details can be found in Facebook Ireland’s Data Policy.
Facebook and Fing have agreed that the Irish Data Protection Commission is the lead supervisory authority responsible for overseeing the processing for Page Insights (exceptions might apply where the Page admin is a public authority). You always have the right to lodge a complaint with the Irish Data Protection Commission (please see at www.dataprotection.ie) or with any other supervisory authority.
3. Which personal data are processed and how are they collected?
Personal data are obtained by Fing in various manners:
You provide
some of it directly (such as by purchasing or signing up to our products or services, contests that you participate in, promotions that you make use of, commercial actions that you sign in for or upon payment transactions): When you use our products or services, we collect information from you in a number of ways.  For instance, we ask you to provide your name and email address to register and manage your account. We also maintain your marketing preferences and the emails and other communications that you send us or otherwise contribute, such as customer support inquiries or posts to our forum. You might also provide us with information in other ways, including by responding to surveys, submitting a form or participating in contests or similar promotions. Sometimes we require you to provide us with information for contractual or legal reasons. We’ll normally let you know when information is required, and the consequences of failing to provide it. If you do not provide personal information when requested, you may not be able to use our services if that information is necessary to provide you with the service or if we are legally required to collect it.
Fing basic app
: As an unregistered Fing basic service user, we will not collect your name, email address, or other contact information. We will collect the originating public IP address and the MAC addresses of the devices you submit to us for the purpose of device recognition, in order to match your device with a corresponding device type, brand, and model. We will not require you to create an account or provide us with your name, email address, or other contact information. You also can turn off device recognition at any time.
Fing account holders and Fingbox users
: If you register an account with Fing, or if you are a user of Fingbox we will collect your name, email address, location and a password. This information will be combined with technical information about your device and other information we may collect about you or your use of the Services, and we will handle all such information as described in this Policy.
We record
some of it automatically when you use our services, website or social media pages and thereto linked technologies: When you use our services, we collect information about your activity on and interaction with the services, such as your IP address(es), your device and browser type, the web page you visited before coming to our sites, what pages on our sites you visit and for how long and identifiers associated with your devices. For more information read our
Cookie Declaration
.
We may record personal information when: (i) you call Fing We may record the conversation for quality management purposes within our call centre, such recordings will be maintained for maximum one (1) month We undertake to let you know via a beep or message that We record the call. (ii) we set-up a video call we may upon your explicit consent record the call.
We may receive
some personal data from third parties: We may receive information about you if you use any other services we provide. We also work closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers) and may receive information about you from them.
If you make a purchase, we obtain limited information about your payment card from our payment service provider. Please refer to their privacy statement for more information on how they process your personal data.
Advertisers may provide us with information about their users or customers to help us personalise advertising or measure the performance of their advertisements. In addition, service providers may provide information about our users for analytics, tailored services and measurement.
If you sign up to the Services, including our platform, through Facebook, Apple or Google and connect your accounts, we will receive information from Facebook, Apple or Google to automatically create your Fing account, populate your profile, and request a login token.
We may process following types of personal data:
Identification and contact data;
Social data and habits;
Social network data;
Professional data;
Financial and economic data;
Connection data, including:
technical information, including the IP address used to connect your device to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, type of device;
information on MAC addresses and Wi-Fi networks you collect through the App or the Fingbox. Please note that this Policy does not exempt you from any obligations you may incur should you collect other individuals’ personal information;
information about your visit to and use of the App or Websites, including the full URL clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); networks viewed or searched for; app response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, app interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the App;
information from cookies and similar technologies, including device identifiers, which helps us recognize you, remember your preferences, and personalize your experience. Our third party advertising partners also use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about users for advertising purposes as described below. To learn more, visit our Cookie Policy; and
information from SDKs and other storage technologies help us and certain third parties, such as social media networks, analytics providers and advertiser platforms, to collect or receive information from our Websites and App to provide measurement services and target ads. To learn more, visit our Cookie Policy.
Location data;
Any other information you choose to provide.
4. What do we process your personal data for?
We always process your personal data for the particular purpose of handling your requests or your purchase in general. We only process the data that are necessary for achieving that purpose. More specifically we process personal data for the following purposes:
Supply our product and services to customers:
to create your account and populate your profile, including on the community platform;
If you sign up to Fing via Facebook, Apple or Google and connect your accounts, we use your Facebook, Apple or Google information to automatically create your Fing account, populate your profile, and request a login token so you can log into Fing in the future without connecting through Facebook, Apple or Google.
to provide and improve the community platform, including by allowing you to send conversation messages, comment on users’ walls, activity or discussions, or mention other users;
to notify you about changes to the App or send you notifications relating to our community platform;
to ensure that content from the App is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device; and
to improve the App to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device; or to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
to deliver relevant communication to you within the App or otherwise through the Services, such as sending transactional emails and alerts related to your use of the App, Desktop or Fingbox;
to diagnose and resolve problems, analyse trends, and monitor usage and resource needs and
in de-identified format for analytical, statistical and business purposes. We may for example publish aggregated reports on the adoption of certain connected devices in different regions in the world, or provide you with statistics of how your network speed or performance compares to other users in your area.
To handle your order we need your contact and billing data such as email address, surname, first name, address, company, VAT ID, telephone number, card number and other billing information from licensee and billing contact. This way we can deliver your order, process payments, respond to your inquiries and keep you updated on the status of your order. If necessary for the handling of your order, we will also transmit your data to our subcontractors, for example our
payment processor
. In addition as part of our services we may use your information to contact you in order to inform you about our product or services (e.g. We send you emails about your transactions and service-related announcements.)
Customer support
: You can
call or email
us. In order to make sure that we can help you as quickly as possible, we make use of the data you provide us with and we make notes that we save.
Enforcement:
Enforce our terms and other legal terms or policies.
Improvement of our products and services:
We are continuously searching to improve our services. To this effect we may use your personal data to ask you to participate in a customer or market survey, product feedback survey, …. Sometimes third parties carry out those surveys. We may collect data for bug management purposes, in order to be able to track and revert back to end-users.
Management and improvement website:
We also use the data of the persons visiting our website to manage and improve these website as well as to analyse the use thereof.
Management of customers, suppliers and partner programmes:
We store the contact details of our business customers and partners to manage the relationship with these customers and partners.
Direct marketing and public relations:
We only provide you with direct marketing communication (e-mail, push notifications, …) when: (i) we or a third party have obtained your consent (e.g. through a checkbox or webform); (ii) where we have a commercial and/or contractual relationship (e.g. you are a (trial) customer, you have downloaded one of our documents, …) and Fing has a legitimate interest to provide you related direct marketing communication. Our direct marketing e-mails make use of tracking cookies, to understand your needs and provide you with better service and internal record keeping. For more information please read our
Cookie Declaration
.
Security and fraud monitoring:
We may process personal data to examine, prevent and fight fraud and protect our and other’s interests, rights and property. If required we also communicate customer data to the competent (administrative) authorities, legal institutions or other public bodies. We also make use of CCTV in our offices.
Profiling:
We may use your personal data, to collect additional professional personal data about you, in order to use for any of the above purposes.
Analytics:
We may use your personal data for scientific research, market research & statistical research. This may include: analytics related to interactions with our social media pages, our products or services, …
Complying with law:
Comply with applicable legal requirements, such as tax and other government regulations and industry standards, contracts and law enforcement requests.
5. How do we process your personal data?
We collect and use the personal data we have received based on your voluntary, explicit and specific consent, except when the processing is required for the execution of an agreement or for the compliance with an obligation that is imposed by law, decree, ordinance; or when the processing of the personal data is necessary for safeguarding our legitimate interest. In that case we will verify whether your interest or your fundamental rights and freedoms do not override the above. Examples of such a legitimate interest are: providing a cost-effective service, offering our products and services to our customers, fraud prevention and the protection of our IT systems and networks, compliance with our corporate and legal responsibilities.
6. With whom my personal data are shared?
In principle your personal data are only accessible to the authorized personnel within Fing that need to have access to those personal data in function of their professional tasks. In any case, those personal data shall only be processed for the purposes as described in article 4.
All these members of our personnel are bound by strict internal rules and procedures with respect to the processing of personal data. They are also obliged to observe the technical and organizational measures that we have taken to protect your personal data.
In principle we do not share your personal data with anybody outside Fing. Sometimes it is however necessary that for operational reasons we appeal to meticulously selected third parties within the scope of the purposes described in article 4. These recipients can only use the indicated personal data for the execution of their specific task, need to act in respect with our privacy statement and they cannot use them for any other purposes. Within the scope of performance of their tasks, the recipients are also obliged to comply with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation, as well as their contractual obligations towards us.
Such recipients may be located in jurisdictions outside the European Economic Area that may not guarantee an appropriate level of personal data protection. With respect to the transfer of the personal data to such jurisdictions, we shall take proper measures to make sure that the transfer is realized in accordance with the applicable rules relating to the international transfer of personal data.
Such recipients include following categories:
If you make a purchase, we obtain limited information about your payment card from our payment service provider, which may act both as a processor on Our behalf and as a controller.
Processors, which may process your personal data, solely to provide Us with additional personal data.
Processors who may assist us in collecting personal data form you, e.g. providers of chatbot services.
Processors that provide market and statistical research & analysis;
Processors who provide hosting of the Website and related databases;
Processors who provide cloud and other supported software services for business processing, such as accounting software providers;
Processors that provide communication services;
Processors and controllers who act as a subcontractor for Fing in the execution of the services that we provide you, such as event organizers;
Processors and controllers that act as agents, resellers or distributors of Fing;
Partners and advertisers, to help serve, tailor and measure the interaction with ads, to identify similar audiences, to track or report on the overall effectiveness of ads. For example, we may share with our advertising partners device identifiers of our members to help them personalize the ads they see or, where permissible according to applicable law, we may share certain limited personal information about you in hashed form, such as a hashed email address, with our advertising partners and other third parties that help us serve ads;
Controllers that provide professional services to Fing such as accountants, lawyers and notaries;
Companies associated with Fing and its affiliates.
7. Right to oppose the use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes
You can oppose the use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at all times. To this effect you can send an email to
support@fing.com
or send a letter to – Fraterstraat 212, 9820 Merelbeke, Belgium. This right to oppose can also be exercised through every newsletter.
8. Your rights
You shall have the right to access your personal data and to have them rectified. In some cases you also have the right to restrict or object to the processing thereof or to have them erased. You also have the right, under certain circumstances, to data portability.
To this effect you can send a request by email to
support@fing.com
or send a letter to our customer service – Fraterstraat 212, 9820 Merelbeke, Belgium. In both cases (email and posted letter) please insert a copy of your identity card or passport, so that we can verify your identity.
Additionally , as a user of our Fing App, you may access your personal information, at any time, by logging into the Fing App and accessing the following section: https://account.fing.com. You may also email us at
support@fing.com
if you require additional access.
When you have given your consent for the processing of your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at any time, but in that case you should be aware of the fact that you will not be able to fully enjoy all services. Such withdrawal shall not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent prior to the withdrawal thereof.
If you are not satisfied with the way we process your personal data, you can inform us thereof and you have the right to file a complaint with the supervising authority that is competent for the protection of personal data.
We will not sell, distribute, or lease your personal information to third parties unless we are required by law to do so. If you believe that any information we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us as soon as possible at the above shown address. We will promptly correct any information found to be erroneous.
9. VIII. Children’s information
The Fing services are not directed to, nor do we knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16. If you become aware that your child or any child under your care has provided us with information without your consent, please contact us at
support@fing.com
.
10. Protection of your personal data
We take the necessary administrative, technical and organizational measures to ensure the security and confidentiality of your personal data and protect your personal data against destruction, loss, abuse, unlawful granting of unauthorized access, to the transmitted, stored or otherwise processed data, either by accident or unlawfully, which more in particular may lead to physical, material or immaterial damage.
These measures take into account the state of technology, the implementation costs, as well as the nature, the size, the context and the processing purposes and also the probability and severity of the various risks for the rights and freedoms of natural persons that are related to the processing.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place the suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
11. Retention of your personal data
Your personal data will be retained as long as necessary for achieving the purpose for which they were collected and in line with the legal, regulatory and internal requirements in this respect.
Comments on Our Forum and social media: Fing reserves the right to erase posts, comments, links and publications that we believe to be abusive, insulting, for marketing purposes, to discredit the market, or that entail copyright intrusion, criminal activity or similar. We also reserve the right to block users who repeatedly contravene our rules. Sharing sensitive information about other people is not permitted when publishing questions and comments on our website or social media pages. Sensitive information may include union membership, sexual orientation, religion, etc. We monitor and moderate our social media pages and our website.
12. Cookies
Fing websites make use of cookies.
Cookies are small text files that are stored on the hard disk of the computer and/or devices of the visitors of certain websites. They contain certain information, such as for example the language preference indicated by the visitor. Other cookies collect statistics about the visitors of our website or make sure that the graphical layout of the website is correctly represented and that the applications of the website operate correctly.
Some cookies are necessary to make the website operate, other cookies are intended to improve your user experience. More information on the use of cookies on our website, and more in general, by Fing, can be found
here
.
13. Links to other websites
The Fing website may contain links to websites that are administered by customer companies outside Fing. Those other websites have their own Privacy Statement which you should carefully read when you visit them. In no case whatsoever we shall be held liable for the content of those websites, nor for any processing of personal data by these third parties.
14. Anonymous data
Fing is permitted to collect non-personal and anonymous data and anonymize personal data. This data does not allow Fing to proceed to identify an individual person and this data can be shared with third parties, including for statistical purposes.
15. Modification of the privacy statement
This privacy statement is subject to modifications.
Fing may change this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law, our personal data handling practices, or the features of our business or services. We will make the updated Privacy Policy available on our website and show the date the Privacy Statement was last updated and version, to help you know when we change it. If we make material changes to our Privacy Policy, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance through our website(s) (for example by means of pop-up screens) as well as by means of our other commonly used communication channels (for example by email, if we have your email address).
16. Contact us
If you have questions or want to submit a request you can always contact us by sending an email to
support@fing.com
or by sending a letter to our customer service – Fraterstraat 212, 9820 Merelbeke, Belgium. We will be pleased to help you.
Please send requests for additional general information concerning the protection of personal privacy to the
Irish Data Protection Authority
.