Home
About NZME
Privacy Policy
Advertise
AdHub
NZME Brands
About NZME
Corporate Governance
Board Members
Executive Team
Our Sustainability Commitment
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Careers
Awards
Investor Relations
News
Contact Us
NZME Privacy Statement
At NZME we value the communities that gather around our brands and take pride in bringing you premium content worthy of your attention. It’s important to us that whatever we are bringing you, whether it’s the latest news, hit music or in-depth conversation, it’s what you want and its meaningful to you. But to give you more of what you want we need to understand you. This means, with your permission, using the information that you give us to make sure our products and services are on point.
We understand how important your personal information is and that we need to earn your trust, by being honest and transparent about what we do. It’s our job to ensure you really understand what information we collect from you, how we use it and how we keep it safe. We take our commitment to your privacy seriously.
We are committed to complying with privacy laws and standards. For information about the New Zealand Privacy Act 2020 and how it protects all personal information in New Zealand, click
here
.
To make it easy and clear for everyone, we’ve simplified our Privacy Policy language. No more jargon. It’s now straightforward and to the point.
NZME Privacy Policy
In this Privacy Policy we (meaning NZME Limited and its related companies) aim to answer your questions about privacy and personal data use at NZME:
What kinds of information does NZME collect?
Who does NZME share my information with?
How might NZME use my information?
What happens if I interact with any of NZME’s content providers, advertisers or partners?
How does NZME use cookies and similar tracking technologies?
How can I control the personal information NZME collects from me?
How can I find out what personal information NZME holds and how can I update it or request deletion?
Can NZME make changes to this policy? How will I find out?
If you have any other questions about our approach to privacy and personal data use please feel free to contact us by email or by mail to NZME, 2 Graham Street, Private Bag 92198, Victoria St West, Auckland 1142, New Zealand.
What kinds of information does NZME collect?
We gather information for many reasons but ultimately it allows us to develop, tailor and deliver our services, and inform our marketing and advertising.  We will not collect personal information unless it is for a lawful purpose that is connected with one of our functions or activities, and having that information is necessary for that purpose.
The information we gather includes the following types of information about our users, including you:
Personal information provided by you when you interact with us or if you link, connect, or log in to your account with a third-party service (e.g. Facebook). This may be when you use or purchase our products or services, when you subscribe or register to use our products or services, when you agree to a background or credit check, when you communicate with us including when you call us, when you post information on discussion boards or comment publicly on our articles, and when you provide us with your feedback or respond to surveys you are asked to participate in.
General location information (e.g. your physical or postal address or your device’s IP address) or more specific location information (e.g. precise location from your mobile GPS) when you use certain features of our services. Your mobile device may allow you to control or disable the use of location services in your device’s settings menu.
Additional information about you that is publicly available (e.g. we may collect your property information held by local councils).
Aggregated information generated by our systems or third party systems we use, which track traffic to and from our sites but does not relate to you personally (this information is generally anonymised, but may include the device, applications or operating system you’re using, your IP address, and your geo-demographic information).
Other information that does not personally identify you.
If you choose not to provide personal information that we need from you this may mean some of our products or services will not be available to you or function in the same way.
We will not collect information about any person that we know to be under the age of 13. Nor will we collect special categories of personal information, such as information about your race, political opinions, religion, health or sexual orientation, unless you have chosen to provide that information to us.
Who does NZME share my information with?
We may need to share or disclose:
information that we gather, including your personal information, with our related companies. These are the companies partly or fully owned by NZME and their use of the information remains governed by this privacy policy.
some of your personal information to our third party service providers so they can help us provide and manage our services (e.g. they help us with service functionality, customer service, billing and invoicing, and conducting research and analysis). We will limit their access to your personal information so they only have what is necessary to perform the tasks we ask of them, and we take steps to ensure they use your personal information consistently with this privacy policy.
aggregated tracking information (that is information about our users that we anonymise and combine so that it no longer identifies any individual user) and other information that does not personally identify you to third parties (such as our advertisers and partners) for business purposes such as helping with market analysis, audience profiling, marketing and advertising.
non-personal information such as hashed data, click stream information, browser type, and information about your interactions with advertisements which is generated through the use of cookies, beacons, and similar technologies and collected by third parties when you use our services. This information may be combined with other information collected from different websites or online services, and other linked or connected devices. These third parties may use such non-personal information to improve their own services and consistent with their own privacy policies. Please see our section on cookies below for more information.
your personal information to third parties when we believe in good faith that we are required to do so by law.
your personal information to other third parties provided we have your prior authorisation, which we will usually obtain at the time of collecting the information from you or when you later authorise us to share it.
A list of third parties who may be provided with information, and a description of how those third parties may use this information, can be found
here.
How might NZME use my information?
We use the information we collect for many reasons that support enable us to provide our services, from ensuring we understand our users and how they engage with us, to informing our marketing and helping our advertisers do the same.
We may use the personal information we collect from you:
for verification of your identity and assisting you in case you forget your password or login details where these are necessary to access any of our products or services;
for authorising and processing credit card transactions which you enter into online. Credit and debit card information is sensitive information and we do not collect it or store it. We use third party payment solution providers and only engage those that comply with strict industry standards and security processes;
to assist in providing the products and services requested by you, including by sending you service communications relating to the services you have opted into;
to provide information to you about other websites, products and services, which we consider may be of interest to you;
to identify and prevent harm to us or others, including detecting fraud, spam, data security incidents, and other harmful activity;
to measure and improve our advertising and for other marketing, promotional and publicity purposes, including carrying out direct marketing, market research and surveys;
to sell advertising space on our sites and ensure that you are shown the advertising and information that is most relevant to you and your interests. Our services are funded in part by advertising and we use the information we collect to help explain our audience to our advertisers when they are looking for the right platform for their message; and
for any other uses that you authorise.
What happens if I interact with any of NZME’s content providers, advertisers or partners?
When you use our services, you may interact with third parties that advertise with us or provide content or link through our sites. We do not control them or what they do and if you provide them with personal information, even while using our sites or services, they may not follow the same privacy policies as us. We recommend you check any relevant privacy policies before providing your personal information to any third party.
Some of our advertisers use third party companies to serve advertisements when you visit our sites. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to our sites, including information gathered by cookies, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. We do not control the practices of these companies and they may not follow the same privacy policies as us.
We always recommend that you check any relevant privacy policies before providing your personal information to any third party.
How does NZME use Cookies and similar tracking technologies?
Why does NZME use cookies?
We use cookies (and other tools which perform similar functions, like beacons, and local storage)to gather and store information about your use of our services. These tools do not identify you directly but the information collected will be linked to a unique user identifier code that is assigned to you. This allows us to use the information collected by the tools to understand more about your viewing habits and interests, and helps us to deliver our services to you.
How is cookie information used?
We may use the information generated by cookies or similar tools to:
track traffic patterns to and from and across our sites such as the pages you visit, the time you spend on each page, the date and time of your visit, and referring pages (pages you came from or go to);
ensure advertising is being shown to the most appropriate person based on this data and limit the frequency of display for certain ad formats; and
enable you to use certain services as a member without having to log on each time and to visit member-restricted areas of the site.
We may also use online measurement companies and other service providers to analyse our cookie information and help us manage and optimise our digital businesses and communications. These companies take information about visits to our sites to assist us with analysing the site's performance and the effectiveness of advertising so we can optimise our services for users and advertisers. Details of these service providers and the information they may collect can be found
here.
To the extent we are aware a user is based in the European Union, we do not use, collect or store tracking data for interest-based advertising purposes.
We may allow third-party companies to serve ads and use cookies or similar tools to collect certain information when you visit our websites.  These companies may use non-personally identifiable
information and precise geo location and user device identification (if you have provided your consent to us) during your visits to our sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and
services likely to be of greater interest to you. To learn more about this interest based advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit
networkadvertising.org
. Third party companies may also use your non-personal information collected in this way in aggregated form or for statistical purposes.
How can you control cookies and the cookie information we collect?
Most browsers accept cookies automatically but you can choose to refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser and/or deleting them from your hard drive. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use our websites, but you may need them for customisable areas of sites we may develop in the future. If your cookies are turned off we will not have any control over the frequency of display of certain ad formats. This could affect your browsing experience. Additionally you can consider utilizing your browsers “Private Browsing” feature to prevent cookies being stored long term.  Modern web browsers offer private browsing features such as "Incognito Mode" in Chrome or "Private Browsing" in Safari.
What ways can you control the personal information we collect from you?
If our intended collection, use or disclosure of your personal information is outside what we have set out in this Privacy Policy we will give you the option to:
opt out prior to signing up for a service and not receive certain services or participate in certain interactive areas; or
opt in prior to signing up for a service.
You may opt out from receiving these messages at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in the message.
You may also access or modify your registered accounts at any time on your user profile page for the service. Here you will also be able to update your subscriptions to electronic newsletters and other messaging you have opted into.
If you want to cancel or modify any other account you have with us, please contact us by email or by mail to NZME, 2 Graham Street, Private Bag 92198, Victoria St West, Auckland 1142, New Zealand.
How safe is my information?
It is essential to us that you trust us and are comfortable sharing your information with us. We understand how important your personal information is and so our goal is to ensure that privacy protection and data security is paramount in all aspects of our data infrastructure and processes.
We design our services with your safety in mind. We maintain industry standard security technology which we monitor routinely. We also have dedicated teams to look after your privacy and information security and where we use third parties to store data we ensure their security meets our standards.
At the same time, no service can be completely secure. If you have any concerns that an account you have with us or personal information has been put at risk, for example if someone could have found out your password, please get in touch straight away.
How can I find out what personal information NZME holds and how can I update it or request deletion?
Any personal information that you provide to us will be collected and managed by us at 2 Graham Street, Auckland, New Zealand. We will only keep your personal information for as long as reasonably required for the purposes we collected it and in accordance with this policy, unless we are required to hold it for longer under law.
Under the
Privacy Act 2020
you have the right to ask us for access to the personal information that we hold about you. You may also ask us to update or correct that information at any time and as often as necessary. If you want us to delete information about you or suspend your account, please note that we may need to retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
If you withdraw your permission to use your personal information, unless there are other reasons that mean the information must be retained, we will delete that information. However, when you unsubscribe from marketing communications, we will keep your email address to ensure that we do not send you any marketing in the future.
If you want to find out what personal information NZME holds about you, please feel free to contact us by email or by mail to NZME, 2 Graham Street, Private Bag 92198, Victoria St West, Auckland 1142, New Zealand.
Can NZME make changes to this policy? How will I find out?
We reserve the right to make updates and changes this policy from time to time. If we do revise this privacy policy, we will notify you either by making site announcements that are visible the next time you visit any of our sites or we will send mail or email notification to you.
Updated: July 2019
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.legislation.govt.nz/act/public/2020/0031/latest/LMS23223.html:
New Zealand Legislation
List of access keys
Skip to main content
Advanced search
Browse
About this site
How the site works
Contact us
News
Site map
Glossary
Access keys
Accessibility
Copyright
Privacy
Disclaimer
About legislation
Home
Advanced search
Browse
About this
                                site
Web feeds
Tagged sections/clauses
Printing order
Quick search
HelpQuickSearch
?
Type
Acts
Bills
Secondary legislation
Other Instruments
All
Text
title
content
HelpDRegQuickSearch
?
My recent searches
Ready-made feeds
Document list
Click to subscribe:
Remove all
Feed name
Days (1-90)
Cancel
Recreate an existing web feed
To reload a previous document list or search, copy and paste your existing web feed URL into the field below, and press the Recreate button.
URL
Recreate an existing web feed
Learn more about web feeds...
Close
Order commercially printed copies from Print Legislation
Remove all
Learn more about ordering prints...
Learn more about printing your own copies...
Close
Get quote
Privacy Act 2020
If you need more information about this Act, please contact the administering agency:
Ministry of Justice
Search within this Act
By sections
View whole (903KB)
Versions and amendments
Secondary legislation
Add to web feed
Order a commercial print
Print/Download PDF [1.0MB]
Contents
Previous section
Next section
Tag section
Remove
Previous hit
Next hit
Version as at 26 January 2025
Privacy Act 2020
Public Act
2020 No 31
Date of assent
30 June 2020
Commencement
see section 2
Note
The Parliamentary Counsel Office has made editorial and format changes to this version using the powers under
subpart 2
of Part 3 of the Legislation Act 2019.
Note 4 at the end of this version provides a list of the amendments included in it.
This Act is administered by the
Ministry of Justice
.
Contents
1
Title
2
Commencement
Part 1
Preliminary provisions
Subpart 1—Preliminary matters
3
Purpose of this Act
4
Application of this Act
5
Transitional, savings, and related provisions
6
Act binds the Crown
Subpart 2—Interpretation and related matters
7
Interpretation
8
Meaning of New Zealand agency
9
Meaning of overseas agency
10
Personal information held by agency if held by officer, employee, or member of agency
11
Personal information treated as being held by another agency in certain circumstances
12
Actions of, and disclosure of information to, staff of agency, etc
Part 2
Privacy Commissioner
Subpart 1—Appointment of Privacy Commissioner
13
Privacy Commissioner
14
Deputy Privacy Commissioner
15
Holding of other offices
16
Superannuation or retiring allowances
Subpart 2—Functions of Privacy Commissioner
17
Functions of Commissioner
18
Other functions of Commissioner
19
Responsible Minister must present copy of report on operation of Act to House of Representatives
20
Duty to act independently
21
Commissioner to have regard to certain matters
Part 3
Information privacy principles and codes of practice
Subpart 1—Information privacy principles
22
Information privacy principles
23
Application of IPPs in relation to information held overseas
24
Relationships between IPPs and other New Zealand law
25
IPPs 1 to 4 do not apply to personal information collected before 1 July 1993
26
Restricted application of IPP 13 to unique identifiers assigned before 1 July 1993
27
Restricted application of IPPs to personal information collected or held for personal or domestic affairs
28
IPPs 2, 3, and 4(b) do not apply to personal information collected by intelligence and security agencies
29
IPPs 6 and 7 do not apply to certain information
30
Commissioner may authorise collection, use, storage, or disclosure of personal information otherwise in breach of IPP 2 or IPPs 9 to 12
31
Enforceability of IPPs
Subpart 2—Codes of practice
32
Codes of practice in relation to IPPs
33
Issue of code of practice
34
Urgent issue of code of practice
35
Commencement of code
36
Application of Legislation Act 2019 to codes
37
Amendment and revocation of codes of practice
38
Effect of codes of practice
Part 4
Access to and correction of personal information
Subpart 1—Access to personal information
39
Interpretation
40
Individuals may make IPP 6 request
41
Urgency
42
Assistance
43
Transfer of IPP 6 request
44
Responding to IPP 6 request
45
Decision to grant access to personal information
46
Decision to refuse access to personal information
47
Decision to neither confirm nor deny personal information is held
48
Extension of time limits
49
Protection, etc, of individual as reason for refusing access to personal information
50
Evaluative material as reason for refusing access to personal information
51
Security, defence, international relations as reason for refusing access to personal information
52
Trade secret as reason for refusing access to personal information
53
Other reasons for refusing access to personal information
54
Agency may impose conditions instead of refusing access to personal information
55
Withholding personal information contained in document
56
Ways personal information in document may be made available
57
Responsibilities of agency before giving access to personal information
Subpart 2—Correction of personal information
58
Interpretation
59
Individuals may make correction requests
60
Urgency
61
Assistance
62
Transfer of correction request
63
Decision on request to correct personal information
64
Decision on request to attach statement of correction
65
Extension of time limits
Subpart 3—Charges
66
Charges
67
Commissioner may authorise public sector agency to impose charge
Part 5
Complaints, investigations, and proceedings
68
Interpretation
69
Interference with privacy of individual
Subpart 1—Complaints
70
Complaints
71
Who may make complaint
72
Form of complaint
73
Procedure on receipt of complaint
74
Commissioner may decide not to investigate complaint
75
Referral of complaint to another person
76
Referral of complaint to overseas privacy enforcement authority
77
Exploring possibility of settlement and assurance without investigating complaint
78
Referral of complaint to Director without conducting investigation
Subpart 2—Investigations by Commissioner
79
Application of this subpart
80
Commencing investigation
81
Conducting investigation
82
Commissioner may regulate own procedure
83
Exploring possibility of settlement and assurance during investigation
84
Referral of complaint to Director without completing investigation
85
Compulsory conferences of parties to complaint
86
Power to summon persons
87
Power to require information and documents
88
Disclosure of information may be required despite obligation of secrecy
89
Protection and privileges of persons required to provide information, etc
90
Disclosed information privileged
91
Procedure after completion of investigation relating to access to personal information
92
Access direction
93
Procedure after completion of investigation relating to charging
94
Procedure after completion of other investigations
95
Special procedure relating to intelligence and security agency
96
Commissioner to report breach of duty or misconduct
Subpart 3—Proceedings before Human Rights Review Tribunal
Proceedings in relation to complaints or investigations
97
Director may commence proceedings in Tribunal
98
Aggrieved individuals may commence proceedings in Tribunal
99
Right of Director to appear in proceedings commenced under section 98
100
Apology not admissible except for assessment of remedies
101
Onus of proof
102
Remedies in respect of interference with privacy
103
Damages
Access order
104
Enforcement of access direction
Appeal against access direction
105
Appeal to Tribunal against access direction
106
Time for lodging appeal
107
Interim order suspending Commissioner’s direction pending appeal
108
Determination of appeal
Miscellaneous
109
Proceedings involving access to personal information
110
Costs
111
Certain provisions of Human Rights Act 1993 to apply
Part 6
Notifiable privacy breaches and compliance notices
Subpart 1—Notifiable privacy breaches
112
Interpretation
113
Assessment of likelihood of serious harm being caused by privacy breach
114
Agency to notify Commissioner of notifiable privacy breach
115
Agency to notify affected individual or give public notice of notifiable privacy breach
116
Exceptions to or delay in complying with requirement to notify affected individuals or give public notice of notifiable privacy breach
117
Requirements for notification
118
Offence to fail to notify Commissioner
119
Section 211 does not apply to processes and proceedings relating to failure to notify notifiable privacy breach
120
Liability for actions of
officers, employees,
agents, and members of agencies
121
Knowledge of
officers,
employees, agents, and members of agencies to be treated as knowledge of employers, principal agencies, and agencies
122
Publication of identity of agencies in certain circumstances
Subpart 2—Compliance notices
123
Compliance notices
124
Issuing compliance notice
125
Form of compliance notice
126
Agency response to compliance notice
127
Commissioner may vary or cancel compliance notice
128
Commissioner’s power to obtain information
129
Publication of details of compliance notice
Proceedings
130
Enforcement of compliance notice
131
Appeal against compliance notice or Commissioner’s decision to vary or cancel notice
132
Interim order suspending compliance notice pending appeal
133
Remedies, costs, and enforcement
134
Application of Human Rights Act 1993
135
Commissioner may be represented in proceedings
Part 7
Sharing, accessing, and matching personal information
Subpart 1—Information sharing
136
Purpose of this subpart
137
Relationship between subpart 1 and other law relating to information disclosure
138
Interpretation
139
Information sharing between agencies
140
Information sharing within agencies
141
Parties to information sharing agreement
142
Agreement may apply to classes of agencies
143
Lead agency
144
Form and content of information sharing agreement
145
Governor-General may approve information sharing agreement by Order in Council
146
Requirements for Order in Council
147
Further provisions about Order in Council
148
Status of Order in Council
[Repealed]
149
Matters to which relevant Minister must have regard before recommending Order in Council
150
Consultation on proposed information sharing agreement
151
Commissioner may prepare and publish report on approved information sharing agreement
152
Requirement to give notice of adverse action
153
When requirement to give notice of adverse action applies
154
Responsibilities of lead agency
155
Report of lead agency
156
Commissioner may specify frequency of reporting by lead agency
157
Amendment of approved information sharing agreement
158
Review of operation of approved information sharing agreement
159
Report on findings of review
160
Relevant Minister must present copy of report under section 159(1) and report setting out Government’s response to House of Representatives
161
Power to amend Schedule 2 by Order in Council
Subpart 2—Identity information
162
Purpose of this subpart
163
Relationship between this subpart and other law relating to information disclosure
164
Interpretation
165
Access by agencies to identity information
166
Manner and form of access
167
Annual reporting requirement
168
Power to amend Schedule 3 by Order in Council
Subpart 3—Law enforcement information
169
Purpose of this subpart
170
Relationship between this subpart and other law relating to information disclosure
171
Interpretation
172
Access by accessing agencies to law enforcement information
173
Power to amend Schedule 4 by Order in Council
Subpart 4—Authorised information matching programmes
174
Purpose of this subpart
175
Application of this subpart
176
Relationship between this subpart and other law relating to information disclosure
177
Interpretation
178
Information matching agreements
179
Use of results of authorised information matching programme
180
Extension of time limit
181
Notice of adverse action proposed
182
Reporting requirements
183
Reports on authorised information matching programmes
184
Reports on information matching provisions
185
Responsible Minister must present copy of report under section 184 and report setting out Government’s response to House of Representatives
186
Avoidance of controls on information matching through use of exceptions to information privacy principles
187
Avoidance of controls on information matching through use of official information statutes
188
Power to amend Schedule 5 by Order in Council
189
Power to amend Schedule 6 by Order in Council
190
Amendments to other enactments related to this subpart
[Repealed]
191
Repeal of section 190 and Schedule 7
Part 8
Prohibiting onward transfer of personal information received in New Zealand from overseas
192
Interpretation
193
Prohibition on transfer of personal information outside New Zealand
194
Commissioner’s power to obtain information
195
Transfer prohibition notice
196
Commissioner may vary or cancel transfer prohibition notice
197
Offence in relation to transfer prohibition notice
198
Appeals against transfer prohibition notice
199
Application of Human Rights Act 1993
200
Power to amend Schedule 8 by Order in Council
Part 9
Miscellaneous provisions
General
201
Privacy officers
201A
Responsibility under Parts 4 to 6 for interdepartmental executive board
202
Commissioner may require agency to supply information
203
Inquiries
204
Powers relating to declaratory judgments
205
Protection against certain actions
206
Commissioner and staff to maintain secrecy
207
Commissioner may share information with overseas privacy enforcement authority
208
Consultation
209
Exclusion of public interest immunity
210
Adverse comment
Liability and offences
211
Liability of employers, principals, and agencies
212
Offences
Regulations
213
Regulations: prescribed binding schemes
214
Regulations: prescribed countries
215
Other regulations
Repeal, revocation, and consequential amendments
216
Repeal and revocation
217
Consequential amendments
[Repealed]
218
Repeal of section 217 and Schedule 9
Schedule 1
Transitional, savings, and related provisions
Schedule 2
Approved information sharing agreements
Schedule 3
Identity information
Schedule 4
Law enforcement information
Schedule 5
Information matching provisions
Schedule 6
Information matching rules
Schedule 7
Amendments to other enactments related to subpart 4 of Part 7
[Repealed]
Schedule 8
Basic principles of national application set out in Part Two of OECD Guidelines
Schedule 9
Consequential amendments
[Repealed]
Notes
The Parliament of New Zealand enacts as follows:
The Parliamentary Counsel Office
www.govt.nz
Home
Advanced search
Browse
About this site
Contact us
News
Site map
Glossary
Accessibility
Copyright
Privacy
Disclaimer