Welcome to eVolutive
Where inspiration comes to life.
Find out more
App Development
Development of mobile phone applications for iOS and Android. With more than 6 years of experience and good commercial success.
Design
At eVolutive we also do full stack design of websites, software and the product marketing materials with excellent results.
Contracts
Development of applications for third parties, online or at the client’s office, with excellent results and very competitive prices.
@Doodle
iOS App
µMessage
iOS App
@Drive
iOS App
m3m.lol
Website
Toilets Finder
iOS and Android App
Space Adventure
iOS App
@Video
iOS App
BlurXY.com
Website
@Flash
iOS App
eMagnifier
iOS App
eConverter
iOS App
habitados.com
Website
Twik
iOS App
Benches
iOS and Android App
@Selfie
iOS App
@Draw
iOS App
YouDown.TV
Website
@Mirror
iOS App
Radar Plus
iOS App
Really enjoy this app. I always need a mirror but it just adds bulk to a cute bag. I always have my phone
Junebaby
@Mirror iOS App User
Ich fahre mit Auto jeden Tag, diese App hilft mir viel, sehr nützliche, tolle Design sehr gelungen, danke an den Entwickler.
schmidt201
Speed Trap Plus iOS App User
Cette appli est topissime ! On peut dessiner ce qu'on veut ! Je cherchais un appli comme cela depuis longtemps !
Mimesse
@Draw iOS App User
Customer Support
Visit our support area to get quick responses looking at our Frequently Asked Questions compilation, ask help on every issue regarding our apps or for guidance on using our apps and sites, suggest new features or report bugs. We will be happy to help!
Blog and News
Our Blog section features news on updates on our new developments, app and site launches and general issues regarding our activity. Visitors and users are welcome to leave their opinions and they can subscribe to our newsletter to not miss any relevant update on the Subscribe section at the footer of every page.
Development for third parties
On our Contracts section you can learn about our development philosophy and achievements. Furthermore, there is information on our availability for developing projects for third parties, from whole projects or for the lead developer to work as a contractor.
Stunning Portfolio
In this site we show our varied and stunning portfolio of applications and webs that millions of users have come to enjoy over the years. There you can learn about our development achievements and perhaps find some interesting app for your phone.
Thinking on hiring us for your current or next project?
Learn More!
Speed Trap Plus’ Terms and Conditions
This are Speed Trap Plus’ terms and conditions for its auto-renewing yearly subscription.
The payment will be charged to your iTunes Account at confirmation of the purchase. The subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period. Your account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period for a price equal or lower to the price of the previous subscription period, currently the price is 5.99.
The subscriptions may be managed and the auto-renewal may be turned off by going to your iTunes Account Settings after purchase. No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during an active subscription period. Any unused portion of the free trial period will be forfeited when a purchase to a subscription to that publication is made. This subscription offers a free trial prior to charging you. If you decide to unsubscribe before charging starts, cancel the subscription before the free trial ends.
CLOSE
Cookie Policy
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping baskets, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at
the The European Commission’s Cookies website
which offers guidance and information on the subject.
CLOSE
eVolutive Terms and Conditions of Use for its Services, Apps and Websites
This is eVolutive’s terms and conditions regarding the usage of any of its Services, Apps and Websites.
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on eVolutive’s web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on eVolutive’s web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by eVolutive at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on eVolutive’s web site are provided “as is”. eVolutive makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, eVolutive does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall eVolutive or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on eVolutive’s Internet site, even if eVolutive or a eVolutive authorised representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on eVolutive’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. eVolutive does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. eVolutive may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. eVolutive does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
eVolutive has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by eVolutive of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
eVolutive may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to eVolutive’s web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Spain without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
By using any of the services provided by eVolutive you agree to the General Terms and Conditions here stated.
CLOSE
Privacy Policy
This is eVolutive’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our Services, Apps and Websites.
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfilment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
CLOSE
Cookies
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.