Welcome to the Roblox Privacy Policy
Are you Under 13 or responsible for an under-13-year-old?
When we collect your information
Setting up a Roblox account
Purchases on Roblox
Posting content
Asking questions or getting technical support
Using Roblox features
Competitions, promotions and research
Advertising
If you’re a developer or creator
Other purposes for collecting your information
Cookies and similar technologies
On our corporate websites or in job applications
When we share your information
We may share Personal Information where necessary
We may disclose Personal Information to third parties
We may share information that does not identify you
We’re not responsible if you share your own Personal Information
Looking after your information
Security measures
We’ll tell you if your privacy is at risk
How long we keep your information
Where we store your information
Privacy Policy Changes and Updates
Additional information based on where you live
If you live in the United States
If you live in the Republic of Korea
If you live in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom (UK) or Switzerland
Categories of Personal Information and Data Processing Purposes
Automated Decision-Making
Personal Information of Children and Parental Consent
Data Sharing
Legal disclosure
Storage and international transfer of your Personal Information
Your rights as a Data Subject
If you live in Brazil
Categories of Personal Information and Data Processing Purposes
Automated Decision-Making
Personal Information of Children and Parental Consent
Data Sharing
Legal disclosure
Storage and international transfer of your Personal Information
Your rights as a Data Subject
Effective Date: March 14, 2025
You can also find the full Privacy Policy
here
.
Welcome to the Roblox Privacy Policy
Is this Privacy Policy for you?
If you make or play games in Roblox experiences, this Privacy Policy is for you, whatever your age and wherever you live. It’s also for parents or guardians of users under 13 years old. This Policy covers the Roblox
Services
.
What is in this Privacy Policy?
This policy describes the rights you have regarding your Personal Information. It explains that you can control what happens to the information that can identify you - like your name, where you live and your email address. In this Privacy Policy, we’ll also tell you when and how we use your information about you – including how we collect, record, organize, store and share it.
Depending on where you live, you may have different rights or choices for managing your Personal Information, which this Policy will describe later on. In the event of a conflict between the information in Sections 1-5 of this Policy and the location-specific information in Section 8, the information in Section 8 shall prevail.
Where does this Privacy Policy apply?
If you’re using Roblox, you’re in the right place. Here’s where you can learn about keeping your information safe. Using Roblox includes using:
websites with a roblox.com address
our mobile, virtual reality and console apps
the Roblox Player and the Roblox Studio
Other Roblox features described in this policy
But if you leave our services, this Privacy Policy no longer applies. We’re not responsible for what you see on other websites or apps or for their privacy policies, even if you’ve linked to them from our website or app. When you go to another site or app, we may show you a message telling you that you’re leaving Roblox.
To reach us with questions or requests regarding your Personal Information, our information about how to contact us is included below.
You can reach Roblox electronically by submitting a question through our
Customer Support Form
. If you’re under 13 years old, please have your parent or guardian fill out the form.
US:
Phone: (888) 858 - BLOX
Write to us at:
Roblox Corporation
Attn: Roblox Privacy Manager
Address: 3150 S. Delaware St.
San Mateo, California, 94403
privacy@roblox.com
EEA, UK or Switzerland:
If you’re in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom, or Switzerland: contact
roblox@gdpr-rep.com
(Our representative according to Articles 27 EU and UK GDPR in the European Union)
EEA:
DP-Dock GmbH
Attn: Roblox Corporation
Ballindamm 39 / Ecke Jungfernstieg
20095 Hamburg, Germany
UK:
DP Data Protection Services UK Ltd.
Attn: Roblox Corporation
16 Great Queen Street
Covent Garden, London, WC2B 5AH, United Kingdom
If you’re in Brazil, contact our Brazilian Data Protection Officer by emailing
privacy@roblox.com
.
If you’re in Korea, more information is located in the
Privacy Policy Addendum for Users in Republic of Korea
.
If you’re in the United States, additional rules may apply depending on the state you live in. To learn more about the rights available to you under US state laws please visit the the
US State Privacy Policy Addendum
.
Before moving on to the rest of the Privacy Policy, when you see certain terms in this Policy, some of them have specific meanings.
“Children” or “Child” means any user under the age of 13
“Minor” or “minor user” means a user of the Services who is under the legal age of majority in their jurisdiction or state of residence
“Personal Information” means any information relating to a natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, or an online identifier
“Platform” means our Roblox platform, the ultimate virtual universe where imagination rules
“Privacy Policy” or “Policy” means this Roblox Privacy Policy
“Processing” means any operation which is performed on Personal Information, such as collecting, recording, organizing, structuring, storing, adapting or making any kind of disclosure or other use
“Service” means any service or application offered by Roblox, such as allowing users to develop Platform experiences, connect with others, and use content created by you and other users. It includes websites on the roblox.com domain, our Roblox mobile, virtual reality and consoles, the Roblox Player, the Roblox Studio, and our other websites, products, software, applications, content, data feeds and other services on which an authorized link to this Policy is posted
Any other capitalized term that is not defined in this Policy is defined and has the meaning set out the
Roblox Dictionary
. In the event of a material or perceived conflict between the English version of this Policy and translations into other languages, the English version shall control.
Are you Under 13 or responsible for an under-13-year-old?
If you’re under 13 years old, your access to certain features will be restricted in the interest of protecting your Personal Information. Roblox is especially committed to protecting the privacy of children. This part of the privacy policy is just for you.
First, get the go-ahead
If you’re under 13 years old, please get permission from your parent or guardian to use Roblox. You shouldn’t use our Services without their go-ahead.
Set limits
No matter how old you are, Roblox communication settings allow you to control who can interact with you, for example, by only allowing interactions with friends or not allowing any interactions at all. You can also restrict your account, which turns off chat and public commenting and limits an account to certain filtered experiences on Roblox.
Parents and guardians – we recommend you supervise your child whenever they’re interacting on Roblox. We’ve got some tools to help – you can learn about Roblox’s safety features
here
.
Age-appropriate privacy settings
If you’re under 13 years old, we’ll automatically set your account to have stronger privacy settings. While in this privacy mode, some features like social media plug-ins and certain advertising and alerts are disabled. When you turn 13, you will be able to enable additional features that are more appropriate for users ages 13 and up.
Information we collect if you’re under 13 years old
If you’re under 13 years old and create an account, we ask for some information (which is non-personal information,
as defined by COPPA
) to let you use Roblox.
We’ll collect:
your username (required). We need this to create your account and run the Roblox Service. We don’t use your username to identify you outside of Roblox
your password (required). We need this to log you in to your account and to run the Roblox Service
your date of birth (required). We’ll use this information to make sure your account has certain default settings intended for your age
your gender (optional). We will use this information to customize your experience
For additional account security and parental controls, you have the option to provide a parent’s or guardian’s email address in account settings or during logout. Children are encouraged to provide a parent’s email address, but are not required to do so to create an account. Parent email addresses (which is the only personal information
as defined by COPPA
we collect from child accounts) are collected for the security and integrity of your account and the Roblox platform. We may use your parent’s email address to log you in. We may also use your parent’s email address to communicate with them about your account, like asking them to review your account.
We don’t want more Personal Information
If you’re under 13 years old, we will only ask you to tell us the information we need to set up or protect your account. If you give us more of your Personal Information, we will:
delete any additional Personal Information we’ve collected from you (unless the law requires us to keep it),
cancel your account, or
turn on age-appropriate protections on your account
When users publish anything in our public and comment areas (for example, chat, forums, group walls, personal posts), we filter it and remove:
Personal Information like addresses, emails, phone numbers
attempts at phishing (this is when someone tries to trick you into giving out Personal Information)
offensive words, adult or suggestive content
To provide the filtering above, we use human and automated checking to the best of our ability based on available technology – but like all filtering technology, these systems aren’t 100% effective.
Please ask us if you want to make privacy-related changes
You can request that Roblox make changes to your child’s account or allow you to review, delete, or prevent the further collection or use of Personal Information from you or your child. To make a request, please fill out our
Customer Support Form
.
In the US and want to know more?
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). To learn more about COPPA, you can visit the US Federal Trade Commission’s COPPA website:
https://www.ftc.gov/news-events/topics/protecting-consumer-privacy-security/kids-privacy-coppa
You can also learn more about COPPA by looking at this simple guide from the kidSAFE Seal Program –
www.kidsafeseal.com/knowaboutcoppa.html
When we collect your information
Setting up a Roblox account
Your first step to joining a Roblox experience is to set up a Roblox account. We’ll ask you to create a unique username and password so you can log into your account and access features on Roblox. We also ask you for your birthday and gender (gender is optional) so we can customize your experience on Roblox. Eligible users may set their account's display name to contain certain Personal Information.
Three key rules for signing up:
Do not use your own name or other Personal Information in your username.
Do not pick a password that’s easy to guess.
You may share your password with your parent or guardian, but do not share it with others.
We don’t use your username to identify you outside of your activity on Roblox.
Why we ask you for an email address:
Once you have an account, you can add your email address (or your parents’ or guardians’ email address if you are under 13) in case you need to reset your password.
We might ask for your email to verify your identity or enable additional features. The main reason we need an email address is for security because it is how we check to make sure accounts are authentic. You can change your email address anytime you want – if an email address is changed, we’ll send a notification email to the address that you used before.
If you have a 13+ account and change your birthday to indicate you are under age 13, Roblox will save a hash of your email address and any email addresses previously collected from you. This hash cannot be reconstructed back into your email address or used to contact you, and will only be used to authenticate you in the future.
Sharing your phone number
If you choose to give a phone number, we’ll send you a text message asking you to confirm your number before you can log in. We will use your phone number for security and account access, including to recover a lost or forgotten password, access a feature, or log in via mobile. You authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Roblox or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud.
Additionally, with your explicit and informed consent, we may use your phone number to recommend you as a friend to others using Roblox. You will be recommended with your contact name as stored on your friends’ devices, which may also include your real name. If you do not want us to use your phone number to be found by your friends on Roblox, please do not activate this feature or deactivate it at any time. Please note that the Discoverability feature may not be available in certain locations.
We do not ask for your phone number if you are under 13.
Purchases on Roblox
You can buy virtual currency (Robux) or premium subscriptions and choose how to pay from our available payment methods. When you pay, you (or your parent or guardian if you’re under 13) will have to give billing information, including Personal Information such as:
Name of the person responsible for buying virtual currency
Their billing address and contact details, like email or phone number
credit card or other payment information
Our payment processors (for example, PayPal) manage the transactions, which are subject to their terms and conditions and privacy policies. Their policies will explain what Personal Information they keep and use. For example, they might keep and use your billing information, transaction details, and purchase history so that they can sort out any billing problems or inquiries. Roblox receives certain information about purchases in order to fulfill our legal obligations and ensure the integrity of our platform.
You can choose to save your billing information with one of our payment processors to make future purchases easier, in that case, Roblox does not store or have access to your full saved billing information. If you purchase Robux on behalf of another Roblox user, we collect contact information, such as email or phone number, in order to communicate with you about the transaction.
Posting content
You can post comments, messages, or other content on Roblox through chats, forums, group walls, personal posts, or other features. Users who are age 13 or older can also use voice chat on Roblox. We monitor what you say and write to check that it meets our Community Standards and complies with our Terms of Use. If we find that the content doesn’t meet our standards, for example, if we believe that it is inappropriate, includes Personal Information, or is not suitable for users to have on Roblox, we have the right to change or remove it. Where the law allows us to, we may use the content you and other users have posted for training or to help us to improve the way we filter content on our platform. Our aim is to increase safety on our platform. We also may use this data to help us provide a better experience on Roblox and to respond to requests about your account from you or your parent or legal guardian.
Asking questions or getting technical support
We collect your email address (or your parents’ or guardians’ email address if you are under 13), username, and any other details you give when you:
contact customer support
report a problem
ask for technical support
ask us questions or give us comments
We use this information to answer your questions and to give you the support or help you ask for. For users under 13, we communicate with your parent or guardian when sending our responses. We retain records of technical support questions for a limited time for internal use only, such as to answer additional questions about your account.
Using Roblox features
We may use Personal Information when you use certain Roblox features. To provide access to certain features, we may use your email address and other information you provide to us, such as your verified date of birth.
Third-party features such as social media add-ons (users 13 and older)
You can use third-party features like social media widgets, share buttons, and login features. These features may include social plugins from Google, Facebook, Twitter, or other platforms. In these cases, the third party’s terms, conditions and privacy policies apply.
When you use these features:
we may be able to access or use information on your social media accounts
information about how you use Roblox may be shared posted on your profile on those platforms
If you use your Roblox ID to sign in to a non-Roblox website or service, and later delete your Roblox account, you may lose access to that website or service.
Voice-based services (users 13 and older)
If you use Roblox’s voice services, we will monitor, collect, use, and store your voice recordings to:
enable voice services
make our voice-related services safer, including to detect and combat abuse and other harmful activity on our Services
If you use voice services on Roblox, we may use voice recordings to inform training and product improvement in accordance with applicable law. For more information about laws that apply in your region, please visit Section 7 of this policy.
We will not use your voice recording with private server voice-chat recordings of EEA and Brazilian users for training or product improvement.
Location-based Services (users 13 and older)
You can choose to use location-based Services if you’re 13 or older. If you agree, we may collect and track geolocation information so that we can offer Services that depend on us knowing where you are. We collect location at the country or region level; we do not collect precise geolocation data. Examples are personalizing content or advertising.
We collect this information by using an identifier on your device or browser so that we can recognize you each time you return. To stop us collecting your location information, you can update your device settings, stop using the Service, or uninstall our mobile apps.
Joining on a VR platform
If you join our experiences on a VR platform, we collect your physical movement information so that we can use it in the experience. This information is only used to provide the experience.We do not store this information.
Camera-enabled features and uploads (users 13 and older)
If you use Roblox features that require the use of your camera or that enable you to upload content that contains your Personal Information, including photos, we will collect, process, and store that content to accomplish the purpose of the feature, including processing the content for safety purposes. Video used to generate animation key frames is processed on your device and is not shared with Roblox or any third parties. For more information, please refer to the
Roblox Facial Animation Privacy Policy
. For information about how Roblox uses ID Verification, please refer to the
Roblox Biometric Privacy Notice
.
Contact Importer (users 13 and older)
If you opt-in to the Contact Importer feature, you will share the first and last names and phone numbers of your contacts in your address book on your mobile phone with Roblox. This feature helps connect with your friends on our Service. If you use the feature, we will automatically access and collect information in your address book from time to time in order to sync your contacts. Such information will only be retained in case of matches with existing Roblox users. Our Contact Importer feature is only available if you are 13 or older and may not be available in certain locations.
Creator Events (users 13 and older)
If you join a virtual event hosted by a Creator, data such as your username, email, and Roblox user ID may be shared with the company that hosts the events. This is done to allow you to log in to the experience. Your activity during a Creator Event is subject to the third party platform’s privacy policy as well as the Roblox Community Standards. Creator events are only available if you are 13 or older.
Interacting with our experiences
To improve your experience and ensure safety, we collect information about how you interact with the Services and we connect this information with your account. For example, we may:
collect information from your game state to detect violations of our Terms and to improve our ability to detect such violations.
collect information about your behavior when you interact with your device for security and safety purposes
collect information about the games you are playing to give you similar recommendations
share information like your username and transaction details to the UGC creator or subsequent owners, if you acquire a limited item if you purchase, share, trade, or otherwise engage in a transaction involving UGC,
collect information from your device through cookies - see “Cookies and Similar Technologies”.
Subscribing to other features (users 13 and older)
When you subscribe to other features or activities that are available to users 13 years old or older, we’ll set out what information is collected and how we intend to use it when the information is collected.
Competitions, promotions and research
Taking part in competitions or promotions
If you take part in competitions or promotions, for example, contests, sweepstakes, giveaways or prize draws, those activities may require contact information such as your name, email, or phone number, to be eligible for discounts or prizes. If you receive a gift card provided by a third party provider, certain contact information may be shared with the provider and used in accordance with this Policy and the terms listed on the provider’s website. In some places in the world, the law requires us to publicly share information about the winners.
Taking part in research
If you choose to participate in research or surveys, these surveys may collect information about your likes and dislikes, experience interests and habits, general hobbies and interests, and other lifestyle information or preferences. These surveys may ask for Personal Information.
Advertising
To market Roblox’s Service to new and existing users, we use Personal Information like:
IP addresses
information on users’ browsers or operating systems, including language settings and general location information
usernames or user IDs
If you choose to create an Ad Account, we may collect additional information to create your account such as name, email, address, business and/or tax information. The purpose of collecting this information is to provide the ad account and comply with applicable laws, including tax laws.
We do not collect or use Personal Information about users under the age of 13 for advertising or marketing purposes.
If you’re a developer or creator
To take part in the Roblox Developer Exchange Program, you must give us an IRS W-9 form (for U.S. taxpayers) or W-8 form (for non-U.S. taxpayers). We may also ask you to verify your identity by providing a government-issued photo ID through a third-party vendor. This feature is only available to users who are 13 or over. For more information, please visit our
Developer Exchange Terms of Use
.
Other purposes for collecting your information
We also use Personal Information for these general purposes, as permitted by law, in addition to the purposes listed above:
To let you manage your account and our services
To allow you to manage your Roblox account or update your settings
To communicate with you about our Services
To make things better for you
To operate, maintain, personalize, and improve our Service
To research relevant technologies
To provide technical support or customer service
To protect you by keeping our platform safe and secure
To detect security issues, protect against malicious, deceptive or illegal activity, and prosecute anyone responsible for that activity
To find and fix errors or bugs
To give you access to features or limit your access to Roblox, as appropriate
To protect our or our users’ integrity, safety or security
To comply with the law and our policies
To audit interactions and transactions, and carry out any other compliance tasks
To comply with the law and our own Terms of Use, or any other restrictions we’ve put on your use of the Service
You are under no obligation to provide Personal Information to Roblox when requested. However, if you choose to withhold any requested information, we may not be able to provide you with certain services and features.
Cookies and similar technologies
Information collected through cookies
Like most websites, we use cookies and other standard internet technologies to help us make our services better.
Cookies
A cookie is a text file that’s put on your computer or device when you visit a website. It lets the website remember what you do and any settings you choose (e.g., login information, language, font size). Cookies make your experience more convenient – for example, if the cookie remembers your log-in details, you won’t have to enter them again each time you visit the site. Some cookies last longer than others:
Session cookies are deleted each time you close the browser
Persistent cookies stay on the device for a defined period of time.
A cookie set by the owner of the web server you are visiting is called a first-party cookie and cookies set by owners of other domains are called third-party cookies.
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons
A pixel tag or web beacon is a piece of code that tells its owner what you do on a web page. Pixel tags provide information like which web pages you visited or which ads you clicked on.
How we use cookies
We use technology like cookies to recognize you and customize your experience. We and any third-parties might use these technologies whenever you visit our sites or use our Services.
We collect information about the devices and software you use, for example:
the type of browser or device
the website or source that linked or referred you to our services
your IP address, device ID or other identifier that identifies your computer or mobile device – this cookie is not deleted when you close your browser
the operating system of your computer or device
These technologies allow us to:
record and keep your preferences, account settings, and certain login information (for your convenience, e.g. to prevent you from needing to choose settings every time you visit, and security)
collect information about how you use the Services, for example, how you downloaded our app or where you downloaded it from
collect information on how software is used on your mobile device
collect information about what features you use and how well our services work
identify any suspicious activities so we can try to protect users from payment fraud and other inappropriate activities
collect demographic information (eg, age, location, etc)
perform similar functions.
We use cookies or similar technologies only for the purposes given in this privacy policy.
Your cookie rights in the EEA
When you visit our website with an EEA IP address, a cookie banner will appear asking you for your consent. You can manage your choice by clicking on “manage cookie preferences” in the cookie banner. We will save your choices in the form of a cookie. This cookie has a limited effective period of one year. For more information, see Section 7 below.
Third-party advertising companies
We partner with third-party advertising companies such as ad server companies and ad networks. If you interact with content or reach Roblox through a link in an advertisement, we or our service providers may give these third-party advertising companies identifiers from your device, such as an IP address or device ID. We collect this information to help us to promote and market our Services better.
For users under 13 years old, Roblox partners with third-party advertising companies:
to display contextual advertising that is based on the content of the game you play
to limit how much advertising is shown to you if you’re under 13 years old
to provide related uses permitted by COPPA.
If you’re under 13 years old, Roblox will not show these types of advertising to you:
behaviorally targeted ads – these are ads that are shown according to a user’s behavior on a website or app
retargeted ads – these are ads that are sent after a user starts a purchasing process but does not finish it. The ad tries to get the user to finish the purchase.
We do not collect any information from users under 13 years old for the purposes of directing targeted advertising.
Your cookie choices
For Roblox.com, click on the link in the footer at the bottom of the page to access your cookie options. For all other sites, please clear your cookies and refresh your browser to display the cookie banner to access its settings.
Most web and mobile device browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser settings so that cookies are not accepted or you are warned before a cookie is set.
Use information from browser companies to learn more about how they manage cookies:
Google Chrome:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-GB
,
Microsoft Edge:
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/delete-cookies-in-microsoft-edge-63947406-40ac-c3b8-57b9-2a946a29ae09
,
Mozilla Firefox:
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer
,
Safari (Desktop):
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042?locale=en_US
,
Safari (Mobile):
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201265
,
Android Browser:
https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/54068
,
Opera:
https://www.opera.com/help
.
You can also learn more about cookies by visiting
https://www.allaboutcookies.org/
, which also tells you how to block or delete cookies that are already on your device.
By blocking or deleting cookies used, you might limit your experience of the Service. You might not be able to log in or experience the Roblox.
When you visit our website with an EEA IP address, a cookie banner will appear asking you for your consent. You can manage your choice by clicking on “manage cookie preferences” in the cookie banner. We will save your choices in the form of a cookie. This cookie has a limited effective period of one year. For more details see Section 7 below.
To stop companies from tracking you on their websites
You can ask us or a third party to disable advertising-related tracking on our websites. To disable this tracking, we or the third party may need to set an opt-out cookie on your browser. You may need to change your browser settings to accept cookies if you want to fully disable advertising-related tracking. Please note that our Services do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
On our corporate websites or in job applications
The parts of this privacy policy that are about experiences or give information about users under 13 years old don’t apply to the corporate websites.
If you contact us about job opportunities, we may ask for your name, email address and employment details. Or you may send us a CV or job application with this information. We have the right to use this information to send you corporate-related information to you or respond to your job application. If you engage with Roblox in an immersive space for prospective employees, such as the Roblox Career Center, such a space may be recorded in order to provide the experience.
Our corporate websites give general company information to any user that visits them – they use the domain names, corp.roblox.com, blog.roblox.com, and their subdomains. On these sites, we give information about the corporate side of Roblox, press information, career information, and other general audience information. Our corporate websites do not offer any experiences.
When we share your information
We may share Personal Information where necessary
When other companies need Personal Information to provide a service on our behalf
We may share your information, including Personal Information, with other companies (known as third-party agents, contractors, or service providers). We hire these companies to perform services for us. These companies are only allowed to use the information we share to complete the relevant tasks. They are not allowed to use the information we share for any other purpose, including selling Personal Information. We make sure that all companies that we share information with are capable of looking after the information properly. Personal Information collected through the SMS program, won’t be shared, sold or rented to third parties.
Here are examples of the services that we might rely on other companies to provide, and examples of the companies that we are likely to share information with.
Account integrity and security services (e.g., Veriff, Persona, Arkose Labs);
Analytics services (e.g., Google LLC);
User acquisition services (e.g., AppsFlyer);
Community filtering and moderation services;
Customer support services (e.g., Zendesk);
Surveys and promotions (e.g., Reach3);
Social media log-in services (e.g., SAP Customer Data Cloud);
Billing and payment services (e.g., Kount, Worldpay, PayPal, Incomm, Blackhawk, Google, Apple, Amazon, Windows Store, Xbox, Playstation, Meta Quest, Xsolla)
Hosting and content delivery services (eg, AWS, Equinix, CenturyLink, YouTube, Vimeo).
When creators need Personal Information to improve your experience
The creators of the experiences you use or content you interact with will have access to your username, display name, user ID, game metrics, UGC transaction details, and your regional location (which we base on your IP address). We do not share your IP address with the creators.
We provide creators with the regional location of players to determine their player base and make sure their experiences meet the legal requirements of the country you live in.
For legal reasons or to help prevent a crime
We may share your Personal Information, as permitted or required by law, if:
necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process served on Roblox
law enforcement agencies, regulators, or other public agencies (including schools or children's services) request that we share it
we believe that disclosing the information may prevent a crime
we believe it is necessary to protect our legal rights or the legal rights of others
a law requires us to share it
To help ensure safety and security
We may share your Personal Information if we believe that sharing would:
help an investigation into public safety or a violation of our Terms of Use
protect the safety of Roblox users or others
reduce risk to user safety or security, or if collaborating with others is necessary to protect users
help to protect the security or integrity of our Services
If we need to protect ourselves against legal responsibility
We may share your information if we believe that disclosing the information will allow us to take precautions against taking legal responsibility (liability) or to protect our rights.
If there is a transfer of rights in our business e.g., if we sell our business
We may hand over rights to access your information, including Personal Information:
as part of a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, or similar transaction
if information is handed over as a business asset in an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership
Where required by law, we will notify you and ask you to consent to such sharing.
We may disclose Personal Information to third parties
For Advertising Purposes
Roblox may disclose information collected from or about you with third-party advertising companies and/or advertising measurement companies to select advertisements for you, or measure and improve advertising effectiveness. In accordance with applicable law, we provide our users with choices about whether data is disclosed for this purpose. Data disclosed for this purpose includes:
Contact Identifiers
Characteristics or demographics
Device identifiers
You can exercise choices about data processing for this purpose by visiting your account’s
privacy settings page
. Depending on where you live, you may have additional rights that apply. For region-specific information, please visit Section 7 of this policy. Disclosing data for the purposes described in this Section may be considered a “sale” or “share” of personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act. California residents can find more information about your rights in the
US State Privacy Policy Addendum
. We do not collect any information from users under 13 years old for the purposes of directing targeted advertising.
Roblox Commerce
If you directly interact with a Commerce Provider to purchase a Commerce Product(s) on Roblox, Roblox and the Commerce Provider may need to exchange information about your purchase in order to fulfill the transaction. This involves Roblox or the Commerce Provider creating a transaction identifier that allows each party to confirm certain information about the transaction, such as whether a purchase has been completed. Any information you provide directly to the Commerce Provider in order to complete a transaction is independently collected by the Commerce Provider and will be subject to the Commerce Provider’s applicable terms and policies.
We may share information that does not identify you
In some circumstances, we share data that doesn’t identify you, for example:
To comply with reporting requirements
For any business or marketing purposes
To help us and others understand how, when, and why users visit our sites and use Roblox.
We may share non-identifying data of all users regardless of their age.
We’re not responsible if you share your own Personal Information
If you’re 13 years old or over, you can share your Personal Information through chat, forums, messages or similar ways of sharing on our Service. Remember that anyone who uses these features will be able to see anything you share in this way. We are not responsible for how your Personal Information is used if you shared it yourself.
Looking after your information
Security measures
We have security measures that are intended to protect any Personal Information or other sensitive information under our control from loss, misuse, or alteration. Though we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of information will never occur, we use reasonable efforts to prevent it.
Sending or storing information on the Internet is not 100% secure, so we can’t guarantee the security of any information you share with us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
We’ll tell you if your privacy is at risk
We may send you emails or other messages about security, privacy, and account management. If we learn about an incident that may qualify as a data breach under the law, we will notify you in accordance with the law.
How long we keep your information
We may keep your Personal Information for specific purposes as long as we need it to fulfill those purposes, sometimes even if you’ve stopped using Roblox’s Services. When we no longer require your Personal Information, we will de-identify or delete the information. Here are the reasons we may need to keep your information:
For resolving problems
We keep billing information and transaction histories so that we can resolve billing disputes or inquiries.
We keep user account history to solve any customer service issues and to provide, improve, and develop our service.
To make our services safer
We may keep information if it will help us make our Service safer and more secure, such as to stop bad actors who try to misuse Roblox.
For legal reasons
We may keep information for legal reasons, like establishing legal defenses, conducting audits, pursuing legitimate business purposes, enforcing our agreements, exercising our rights, or complying with legal obligations.
Letting other users keep your information
Other users may keep publicly shared content and virtual items on our platform (e.g., if you create a virtual shirt and then sell it to another user, the virtual shirt will be kept on the platform because the other user now possesses it).
Where we store your information
Roblox is based in the United States. We send information we collect from you to our secure servers in the U.S. where we store and use it. This storage is necessary for us to process the information.
We may also transfer information that we collect from you to our other offices and to the third parties mentioned in Section 4 of this Policy – these might be outside your region. Our agents or contractors may also use your information. The data protection laws of the U.S. or other countries may not be equivalent to those where you live.
Wherever we transfer your Personal Information, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected. If required by applicable legislation, we rely on a valid international data transfer mechanism to enable cross-border data transfers.
Privacy Policy Changes and Updates
We update this Privacy Policy at times, so you should review this page regularly. We always publish the date of the latest version at the bottom of this page.
If we make any major changes, we will let you know by email (if we have your email address or a parent’s or legal guardian’s email address) or by showing a prominent notice on this website or in app prior to the change becoming effective. If required by law, we will obtain your consent or the consent of a parent or legal guardian if any of these changes involve new material uses of your Personal Information not previously disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
Additional information based on where you live
If you live in certain regions, you may have additional choices about your Personal Information or rights that apply to data processing. This section contains additional information based on where you live.
If you want to exercise your rights or make another request about your Personal Information, or if you want us to make another request about your Personal Information, please fill in the Customer Support Form. If you’re under 13 years old, please have your parent or guardian fill out the form.
If you live in the United States
If you live in the United States, please visit our US State Privacy Policy Addendum for more information.
If you live in the Republic of Korea
If you’re in Korea, more information is located in the Privacy Policy Addendum for Users in Republic of Korea.
If you live in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom (UK) or Switzerland
Categories of Personal Information and Data Processing Purposes
In the course of visiting our websites and apps, and/or using our services and products, we may process the following Personal Information subject to the legal bases mentioned below:
Setting up a Roblox account
Username and password to create your account. The basis for processing this personal data is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
Email addresses and other information you provided us with for added verification and/or to enable certain features. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) and f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. Roblox has a legitimate interest in providing a safe and secure Service, especially to protect children.
If you choose to provide a phone number, we will use the phone number for security and account access purposes, which will allow you to log in via mobile and recover a lost or forgotten password. You authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Roblox or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”) and f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in enabling you to use our Services via your mobile device, ensuring security, and preventing fraud. Additionally, with your explicit and informed consent, we may use your phone number to recommend you as a friend to others using Roblox. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR (“consent”).
Purchases on Roblox
Billing and payment information, when you participate in Developer Exchange or purchase virtual currency or premium subscriptions on behalf of yourself or another user, including your name, billing address, credit card or other payment information and billing information. You may choose to save information such as your credit card number through a third-party payment provider; in such cases the information is not stored by Roblox; it is stored with the third-party partner. If you purchase Robux on behalf of another Roblox user, we collect contact information, such as email or phone number, in order to communicate with you about the transaction. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”). We may also retain transaction details and purchase and payment history. The legal basis for processing these personal data is our legitimate interest in being able to resolve subsequent billing disputes and inquiries, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”).
Posting content
Comments or messages you post or transmit on Roblox via public chats, forums, group walls, personal post, etc. We process this information to monitor, filter and moderate this information for the purposes of being able to remove profanity, Personal Information, and other inappropriate conversations. Additionally, we may use pre-filtered comments and messages for other purposes such as training and improving our filter technology. The legal basis for this processing activity is Roblox’s legitimate interest in being able to defend ourselves from possible liability claims that may arise from unlawful comments posted by you, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”). Please note that any Personal Information submitted by you in forums and similar means offered by us is available to anyone who has access to this forum including other users. The Personal Information posted by you can be read, collected or used by other users of these forums and could be used to send unsolicited messages.
Asking questions or getting technical support
Information relating to contacting our customer service, e.g. when you report a problem, submit questions, concerns or comments. We may process your email address, your name and information relating to your inquiry or concern in order to respond to your communications, fulfill your requests, or provide other customer support. This processing activity is based on Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”), depending on the initial purpose for contacting our customer support.
Using Roblox Features
Information relating to your use of or interaction with third party plug-ins, e.g. social plugins from Google, Facebook or Twitter. When you use these features, certain information from your social media accounts may be accessed by or shared with Roblox, and likewise, certain information about your use of Roblox may be posted to your profile on those platforms. The legal bases for this processing activity are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f (“legitimate interest”). If you use your Roblox credentials to sign in to a third-party website or service, and later delete your Roblox account, you may lose access to such third-party website or service.
When you use voice based services from Roblox, we will collect, process and store your voice recording to enable voice services and make our voice-related services safer. We will not engage in training or product improvement with private server voice chat recordings of EEA users. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) GDPR and Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f (“legitimate interest”). With your consent, we will use voice recordings to inform training and product improvement. The basis for processing this personal data for training and product improvement is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a (“consent”).
When you request or agree to location-based services (users 13 years old and older), we may collect and track geolocation information so that we can offer services that depend on us knowing where you are. Examples are personalizing content or advertising. We collect this information by using an identifier on your device or browser so that we can recognize you each time you return. To stop us collecting your location information, you can update your device settings, stop using the service, or uninstall our mobile apps. The basis for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
If you join our experiences on a VR platform, we will collect your physical movement information in order to replicate your movement in the experience. This information is only used to provide the Service and is not stored. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
If you join a virtual event hosted by a Creator, data such as your username, email, and Roblox user ID may be shared with the third-party platform that hosts events. Such data is used to allow you to log in to the experience. Your activity during a Creator Event is subject to the third party platform’s privacy policy as well as the
Roblox Community Standards
. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) to join an event and f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR to ensure the security and integrity of our service.
Information required for additional features that require the use of your camera or upload content, including photos, that contains your Personal Information. If you decide to use these features and upload content that require the use of your camera or upload content that contains your Personal Information, we will collect, process, and store that content only for as long as needed to accomplish the purpose of the feature. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”). For certain uploads, Roblox processes data you upload on the basis of consent, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a (“consent”). For more information, please refer to the
Roblox Facial Animation Privacy Policy
.
Information required for other features or activities, which may be available to our users other than children. We may offer other features or activities on our Services from time to time, and you may be able to submit or upload Personal Information in connection with such features. The data being collected for such features and their intended uses will be evident at the time of data collection. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
If you opt-in to the Contact Importer feature, you consent to sharing with Roblox the first and last names and phone numbers of your contacts in your address book on your mobile phone, either at the time you register for our Service or otherwise. We do so to help you connect with your friends on our Service. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”).
Interacting with our experiences. To improve your experience and ensure safety, we collect information about how you interact with the Services and we connect this information with your account. For example, we may collect information from a user's game state to detect violations of our Terms and to improve our ability to detect such violations; collect information about your behavior when you interact with your device for security and safety purposes; collect information from your search history to give you similar recommendations; share information like your username and transaction details to the UGC creator or subsequent owners, if you acquire a limited item if you purchase, share, trade, or otherwise engage in a transaction involving UGC. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) and f (“legitimate interest”). We may use data collected from your interaction with our experiences for safety or moderation purposes on the basis of Article 6 sec. 1 sent.1 lit. f ("legitimate interest").
Competitions, promotions, and research
When you respond to or participate in voluntary research or surveys or studies. These surveys may collect information about your likes and dislikes, experience interests and habits, general hobbies and interests, and other lifestyle information or preferences. These surveys may ask for Personal Information. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR (“consent”).
Information relating to your participation in contests, competitions, sweepstakes, giveaways, prize draws or other promotions that we may run on our Service or sponsor from time to time. We may process certain contact information (such as your name, email address, and/or phone number) for prize fulfillment purposes, as well as other information or content needed for the specific promotion. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”).
Advertising
To market our services, inter alia, via social media platforms in order to bring new users to our websites and to maintain and increase our user base, we may process Personal Information such as IP addresses, information on users’ browser or operating system, including language settings, regional location information and user names or user IDs. To the extent these practices involve the processing of Personal Information, the legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR (“consent”).
When you choose to create an Ad Account, we may collect additional information for your account (such as name, email, address, business information, etc.) in order to create an account. The basis for processing this personal data is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”). We may also retain transaction details and purchase and payment history. The legal basis for processing these personal data is our legitimate interest in being able to resolve subsequent disputes and inquiries, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”).
If you’re a developer or creator
Information required for participating in our Roblox Developer Exchange Program, like the IRS W-9 form (for U.S. taxpayers) or W-8 form (for non-U.S. taxpayers). The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 sec.1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”) with regard to U.S. law requirements. It is our legitimate interest to comply with the legal requirements, especially with regard to U.S. anti-money laundering laws.
Other purposes for collecting your information
Login information, which may include your IP address, device type, username, password, date and time of your visit, information on your browser version, information on your operating system, including language settings, MAC addresses, and User ID. We will process this information to provide you with our Service. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) and lit. f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. It is in our legitimate interest to guarantee the Services’ stability and security.
Account information, e.g. information such as your name, username, login and password details, regional location information, user-generated content, contact details that you choose to provide to us, and other Personal Information that are used for participating in the Service we are offering. We process this information to provide our Services to you. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”).
Cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies. Some of these cookies are necessary for the basic functioning of the website and therefore cannot be deactivated. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”) and Art. 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”) because we have a legitimate interest to guarantee the Services’ stability and security. We will use optional cookies only if you have previously consented to such use. When you visit our website with an EEA IP address, a cookie banner will appear asking you for your consent. You can manage your choice by clicking on “manage cookie preferences” in the cookie banner. We will save your choices in the form of a cookie. This cookie has a limited effective period of one year. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR (“consent”). In addition, you can also manage cookies using your browser settings. For further information on cookies and similar technologies see Section 3 above.
On our corporate websites or in job applications
Information relating to a job application made by you, like your name, email address, employment details, CV, resume or other details of your employment history sent by you. We will process this information to process and respond to your job application. If you engage with Roblox in an immersive space for prospective employees, such as the Roblox Career Center, such a space may be recorded in order to provide the experience. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“necessary for entering into an employment contract with us”).
Automated Decision-Making
Please note that we do not use your Personal Information for automated decision making which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
Personal Information of Children and Parental Consent
Please note that when users under the age of 13 register for the Service, their account is automatically set to privacy-protective settings by default. This means that these users will not have access to certain features, such as social media plug-ins, some forms of third party advertising, and certain types of notification alerts.
When a child creates an account on Roblox, we may process a username, password, birthdate, and gender (gender is optional). Separate from account creation, users may optionally provide a parent email address. We process this information to give the user access to the Service and to communicate with the parent about the child’s account (if a parent email was provided). For example, we may use the parent’s email to send an email notification about the child’s account and an invitation for the parent to review the account and update settings. We may use the birthdate the child provides when signing up for the Service to determine which features on Roblox the child should have access to and to determine when the child will turn 13 years old and can be given broader access to features on our Service. This processing activity is based on Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”). In general, we will not use or share account information (including Personal Information) from a child’s account except for the permissible purposes stated in this Privacy Policy, and, if required by law, only with the prior verifiable consent of a parent or legal guardian (Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a and Article 8 sec. 1 GDPR).
Data Sharing
Roblox may share users’ information, including Personal Information like billing information or usernames, with our third-party agents, contractors, or service providers who are hired to perform services on Roblox’s behalf.
These providers may operate or support certain functions of the Service. Below is an illustrative list of functions for which we may use third party service providers and the names of the providers we may use to perform these functions:
Account Integrity and Security (e.g., Veriff, Persona, Arkose Labs);
Analytics services (e.g., Google LLC);
User Acquisition services (e.g., AppsFlyer);
Community filtering and moderation services;
Customer support services (e.g., Zendesk);
Surveys and promotions (e.g., Reach3);
Social Media Log-in (e.g., SAP Customer Data Cloud);
Billing services and payment gateway providers (e.g., Kount, Worldpay, PayPal, Incomm, Blackhawk, Google, Apple, Amazon, Windows Store, Xbox, Playstation, Meta Quest, Xsolla); and
Hosting and content delivery network services (e.g., AWS, Equinix, CenturyLink, YouTube, Vimeo).
The legal basis for this data transfer and processing activity is Article 28 of GDPR in conjunction with the data processing agreements we concluded with respective third-party agents. These agents and contractors are only allowed to use the information shared with them only for the specific tasks they’ve been hired to do and consistent with this Privacy Policy, and for no other purposes. Roblox takes steps to ensure that all service providers with access to Personal Information are capable of protecting the information we share with them.
Further, the creators of the experiences you use or content you interact with will have access to your username, display name, user ID, game metrics, UGC transaction details, and your regional location (which we base on your IP address). We do not share your IP address with the creators. We provide creators with the regional location of players to determine their player base and make sure their experiences meet the legal requirements of the country you live in. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”), Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. c (“compliance with legal obligation”) in compliance with the respective EEA or Member State law and lit. f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. It is the creators’ legitimate interest to comply with non-EEA legal obligations.
With your consent, Roblox will disclose information collected from or about you with advertisers and/or advertising measurement companies to select advertisements for you, or measure and improve advertising effectiveness. Data disclosed for this purpose includes contact identifiers and device identifiers. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. sent. 1 lit. a (“consent”).
If you directly interact with a Commerce Provider to purchase a Commerce Product(s) on Roblox, Roblox and the Commerce Provider may need to exchange information about your purchase in order to fulfill the transaction. This involves Roblox or the Commerce Provider creating a transaction identifier that allows each party to confirm certain information about the transaction, such as whether a purchase has been completed. The legal basis for data sharing required to facilitate a purchase you make through a fulfillment partner is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
Legal disclosure
We may disclose Personal Information about you, including the content of your communications on the Service, to comply with legal process, including court orders and subpoenas, served on our Service. In addition, we also may disclose Personal Information about you, including content, in response to a request from law enforcement agencies, regulators, or other public agencies (including schools or children services), if we believe that there is a risk to user safety or security, and collaborating with other organizations when necessary to protect users, or if such disclosure may (i) prevent the instigation of a crime, (ii) facilitate an investigation related to public safety or protect the safety of a user on our Service, (iii) protect the security or integrity of our Service, or (iv) enable us to take precautions against liability or to protect our rights or the rights of others. The legal basis for such disclosure is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. c (“compliance with legal obligation”) in compliance with the respective EEA or Member State law and lit. f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. It is our legitimate interest to comply with the legal requirements of U.S. law. Further, we have a legitimate interest in these purposes.
Storage and international transfer of your Personal Information
Roblox is based in the U.S. Your Personal Information that we collect is sent to and stored on secure servers located in the United States of America. Such storage is necessary in order to process the information. Some of our agents and third-party service providers are located outside the European Economic Area, e.g. the United States. The data protection laws of the United States or other countries may not be as comprehensive or equivalent to those in your country of residence. Wherever we transfer your Personal Information, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected, e.g. conclude the
EU Standard Contractual Clauses
with third parties.
Your rights as a Data Subject
If you are a user based in the European Economic Area, you may be entitled to exercise some or all of the following rights:
Request (i) information whether your Personal Information is retained and (ii) access to or duplicates of your Personal Information retained, including the purposes of the processing, the categories of Personal Information concerned, and the data recipients as well as potential retention periods;
Request rectification, removal or restriction of your Personal Information, e.g. because (i) it is incomplete or inaccurate, (ii) it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected, or (iii) the consent on which the processing was based has been withdrawn;
Refuse to provide and – without impact to data processing activities that have taken place before such withdrawal – withdraw your consent to processing of your Personal Information at any time;
Object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to processing of your Personal Information, in case such processing is either based on our or a third party’s legitimate interests or on a performance of a task carried out in the public interest. In this case, please provide us with information about your particular situation. After the assessment of the facts presented by you we will either stop processing your Personal Information or present you our compelling legitimate grounds for an ongoing processing;
Object to the use of your Personal Information for direct marketing at any time;
Request (i) to receive the Personal Information concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and (ii) to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from our side. Where technically feasible you shall have the right to have the Personal Information transmitted directly from us to another controller.
You may (i) exercise the rights referred to above, (ii) pose any questions, or (iii) make any complaints regarding our data processing by contacting us under the contact details set out above in Sec. 1.
Further, you may take legal actions in relation to any potential breach of your rights regarding the processing of your Personal Information, as well as to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulators.
If you live in Brazil
Categories of Personal Information and Data Processing Purposes
In the course of visiting our websites and apps, and/or using our services and products, we may process the following Personal Information:
Setting up a Roblox account
Username and password to create your account.
Email addresses and other information you provided us with for added verification and/or to enable certain features. Roblox has a legitimate interest in providing a safe and secure Service, especially to protect children.
If you choose to provide a phone number, we will use the phone number for security and account access purposes, which will allow you to log in via mobile and recover a lost or forgotten password. You authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Roblox or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud. We have a legitimate interest in enabling you to use our Services via your mobile device, ensuring security, and preventing fraud. Additionally, with your explicit and informed consent, we may use your phone number to recommend you as a friend to others using Roblox.
Purchases on Roblox
Billing and payment information, when you participate in Developer Exchange or purchase virtual currency or premium subscriptions on behalf of yourself or another user, including your name, billing address, credit card or other payment information and billing information. You may choose to save information such as your credit card number through a third-party payment provider; in such cases the information is not stored by Roblox; it is stored with the third-party partner. We may also retain transaction details and purchase and payment history. If you purchase Robux on behalf of another Roblox user, we collect contact information, such as email or phone number, in order to communicate with you about the transaction.
Posting content
Comments or messages you post or transmit on Roblox via public chats, forums, group walls, personal post, etc. We process this information to monitor, filter and moderate this information for the purposes of being able to remove profanity, Personal Information, and other inappropriate conversations. Additionally, we may use pre-filtered comments and messages for other purposes such as training and improving our filter technology. Please note that any Personal Information submitted by you in forums and similar means offered by us is available to anyone who has access to this forum including other users. The Personal Information posted by you can be read, collected or used by other users of these forums and could be used to send unsolicited messages.
Asking questions or getting technical support
Information relating to contacting our customer service, e.g. when you report a problem, submit questions, concerns or comments. We may process your email address, your name and information relating to your inquiry or concern in order to respond to your communications, fulfill your requests, or provide other customer support.
Using Roblox Features
Information relating to your use of or interaction with third party plug-ins, e.g. social plugins from Google, Facebook or Twitter. When you use these features, certain information from your social media accounts may be accessed by or shared with Roblox, and likewise, certain information about your use of Roblox may be posted to your profile on those platforms. If you use your Roblox credentials to sign in to a third-party website or service, and later delete your Roblox account, you may lose access to such third-party website or service.
When you use voice based services from Roblox, we will collect, process, and store your voice recording to enable voice services and make our voice-related services safer. We will not engage in training or product improvement with private server voice chat recordings of Brazil users. With your consent, we will use voice recordings to inform training and product improvement.
When you request or agree to location-based services (users 13 years old and older), we may collect and track geolocation information so that we can offer services that depend on us knowing where you are. Examples are personalizing content or advertising. We collect this information by using an identifier on your device or browser so that we can recognize you each time you return. To stop us collecting your location information, you can update your device settings, stop using the service, or uninstall our mobile apps.
If you join our experiences on a VR platform, we will collect your physical movement information in order to replicate your movement in the experience. This information is only used to provide the Service and is not stored.
If you join a virtual event hosted by a Creator, data such as your username, email, and Roblox user ID may be shared with the third-party platform that hosts events. Such data is used to allow you to log in to the experience. Your activity during a Creator Event is subject to the third party platform’s privacy policy as well as the
Roblox Community Standards
.
Information required for additional features that require the use of your camera or upload content, including photos, that contains your Personal Information. If you decide to use these features and upload content, we will collect, process, and store that content to accomplish the purpose of the feature. For more information, please refer to the
Roblox Facial Animation Privacy Policy
.
Information required for other features or activities, which may be available to our users other than children. We may offer other features or activities on our Services from time to time, and you may be able to submit or upload Personal Information in connection with such features. The data being collected for such features and their intended uses will be evident at the time of data collection.
If you opt-in to the Contact Importer feature, you consent to sharing with Roblox the first and last names and phone numbers of your contacts in your address book on your mobile phone, either at the time you register for our Service or otherwise. We do so to help you connect with your friends on our Service.
Interacting with our experiences. To improve your experience and ensure safety, we collect information about how you interact with the Services and we connect this information with your account. For example, we may collect information from a user's game state to detect violations of our Terms and to improve our ability to detect such violations; collect information about your behavior when you interact with your device for security and safety purposes; collect information from your search history to give you similar recommendations; share information like your username and transaction details to the UGC creator or subsequent owners, if you acquire a limited item if you purchase, share, trade, or otherwise engage in a transaction involving UGC.
Competitions, promotions, and research
When you respond to or participate in voluntary research or surveys or studies. These surveys may collect information about your likes and dislikes, experience interests and habits, general hobbies and interests, and other lifestyle information or preferences. These surveys may ask for Personal Information.
Information relating to your participation in contests, competitions, sweepstakes, giveaways, prize draws or other promotions that we may run on our Service or sponsor from time to time. We may process certain contact information (such as your name, email address, and/or phone number) for prize fulfillment purposes, as well as other information or content needed for the specific promotion.
Advertising
To market our services, inter alia, via social media platforms in order to bring new users to our websites and to maintain and increase our user base, we may process Personal Information such as IP addresses, information on users’ browser or operating system, including language settings, regional location information and user names or user IDs.
When you choose to create an Ad Account, we may collect additional information for your account (such as name, email, address, business information, etc.) in order to create an account. We may also retain transaction details and purchase and payment history.
If you’re a developer or creator
Information required for participating in our Roblox Developer Exchange Program, like the IRS W-9 form (for U.S. taxpayers) or W-8 form (for non-U.S. taxpayers). It is our legitimate interest to comply with the legal requirements, especially with regard to U.S. anti-money laundering laws.
Other purposes for collecting your information
Login information, which may include your IP address, device type, username, password, date and time of your visit, information on your browser version, information on your operating system, including language settings, MAC addresses, and User ID. We will process this information to provide you with our Service. It is in our legitimate interest to guarantee the Services’ stability and security.
Account information, e.g. information such as your name, username, login and password details, regional location information, user-generated content, contact details that you choose to provide to us, and other Personal Information that are used for participating in the Service we are offering. We process this information to provide our Services to you.
Cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies. Some of these cookies are necessary for the basic functioning of the website and therefore cannot be deactivated. We will use optional cookies only if you have previously consented to such use. You can manage your choice by clicking on “manage cookie preferences” in the cookie banner. We will save your choices in the form of a cookie. This cookie has a limited effective period of one year. In addition, you can also manage cookies using your browser settings. For further information on cookies and similar technologies see Section 3 above.
On our corporate websites or in job applications
Information relating to a job application made by you, like your name, email address, employment details, CV, resume or other details of your employment history sent by you. If you engage with Roblox in an immersive space for prospective employees, such as the Roblox Career Center, such a space may be recorded in order to provide the experience. We will process this information to process and respond to your job application.
Automated Decision-Making
Please note that we do not use your Personal Information for automated decision making which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
Personal Information of Children and Parental Consent
Please note that when users under the age of 13 register for the Service, their account is automatically set to to privacy-protective settings by default. This means that these users will not have access to certain features, such as social media plug-ins, some forms of third party advertising, and certain types of notification alerts.
When a child creates an account on Roblox, we may process a username, password, birthdate, and gender (gender is optional). Separate from account creation, users may optionally provide the user access to the Service and to communicate with the parent about the child’s account (if a parent email was provided). For example, we may use the parent’s email to send an email notification about the child’s account and an invitation for the parent to review their child's account and update settings. We may use the birthdate the child provides when signing up for the Service to determine which features on Roblox the child should have access to and to determine when the child will turn 13 years old and can be given broader access to features on our Service.
In general, we will not use or share account information (including Personal Information) from a child's account except for the permissible purposes stated in this Privacy Policy and, where applicable, only with the prior verifiable consent of a parent or legal guardian.
Data Sharing
Roblox may share users’ information, including Personal Information like billing information or usernames, with our third-party agents, contractors, or service providers who are hired to perform services on Roblox’s behalf.
These providers may operate or support certain functions of the Service. Below is an illustrative list of functions for which we may use third party service providers and the names of the providers we may use to perform these functions:
Account Integrity and Security (e.g., Veriff, Persona, Arkose Labs);
Analytics services (e.g., Google LLC);
User Acquisition services (e.g., AppsFlyer);
Community filtering and moderation services;
Customer support services (e.g., Zendesk);
Surveys and promotions (e.g., Reach3);
Social Media Log-in (e.g., SAP Customer Data Cloud);
Billing services and payment gateway providers (e.g., Kount, Worldpay, PayPal, Incomm, Blackhawk, Google, Apple, Amazon, Windows Store, Xbox, Playstation, Meta Quest, Xsolla); and
Hosting and content delivery network services (e.g., AWS, Equinix, CenturyLink, YouTube, Vimeo).
These agents and contractors are only allowed to use the information shared with them only for the specific tasks they’ve been hired to do and consistent with this Privacy Policy, and for no other purposes. Roblox takes steps to ensure that all service providers with access to Personal Information are capable of protecting the information we share with them.
Further, the creators of the experiences you use or content you interact with will have access to your username, display name, user ID, game metrics, UGC transaction details, and your regional location (which we base on your IP address). We do not share your IP address with the creators. We provide creators with the regional location of players to determine their player base and make sure their experiences meet the legal requirements of the country you live in.
With your consent, Roblox will disclose information collected from or about you with advertisers and/or advertising measurement companies to select advertisements for you, or measure and improve advertising effectiveness. Data disclosed for this purpose includes contact identifiers and device identifiers.
If you directly interact with a Commerce Provider to purchase a Commerce Product(s) on Roblox, Roblox and the Commerce Provider may need to exchange information about your purchase in order to fulfill the transaction. This involves Roblox or the Commerce Provider creating a transaction identifier that allows each party to confirm certain information about the transaction, such as whether a purchase has been completed.
Legal disclosure
We may disclose Personal Information about you, including the content of your communications on the Service, to comply with legal process, including court orders and subpoenas, served on our Service. In addition, we also may disclose Personal Information about you, including content, in response to a request from law enforcement agencies, regulators, or other public agencies (including schools or children services), if we believe that there is a risk to user safety or security, and collaborating with other organizations when necessary to protect users, or if such disclosure may (i) prevent the instigation of a crime, (ii) facilitate an investigation related to public safety or protect the safety of a user of our Service, (iii) protect the security or integrity of our Service, (iv) enable us to take precautions against liability or to protect our rights or the rights of others, or (v) when otherwise required by applicable laws.
Storage and international transfer of your Personal Information
Roblox is based in the U.S. Your Personal Information that we collect is sent to and stored on secure servers located in the United States of America. Such storage is necessary in order to process the information.
Some of our agents and third-party service providers are located outside of Brazil, e.g. the United States. The data protection laws of the United States or other countries may not be as comprehensive or equivalent to those in Brazil. Wherever we transfer your Personal Information, we will take reasonable steps to ensure we rely on a legitimate international transfer mechanism, as set out in Brazilian data protection laws.
Your rights as a Data Subject
As a data subject located in Brazil, you have rights regarding your Personal Information. We provide mechanisms, as detailed below, so that you have clarity and transparency in exercising your rights. As a data subject, you have the following rights:
Confirm whether or not we process your Personal Information
Access your Personal Information
Correct incomplete, inaccurate, or outdated Personal Information
Anonymize, block or delete unnecessary, excessive Personal Information or data processed in non-compliance with LGPD
Port your Personal Information to another service provider, upon express request and subject to our trade secrets, in accordance with the regulations of the supervisory authority
Delete Personal Information processed under your consent if it is withdrawn, when applicable
Request information about public and private entities with which we shared your Personal Information
Request information about the possibility of not providing consent and about the consequences of doing so
Withdraw your consent, where applicable
Request information about with whom we share your Personal Information
Object to processing activities that violates LGPD’s provisions
Before responding to any of your requests, we may ask you to provide us with some information to confirm your identity. We will only respond to your request after validating your identity.
Please also note that these rights are not absolute and may not apply in certain circumstances. For example, we may continue to process and retain Personal Information regardless of your request to delete, object, block or anonymize it, to comply with legal, contractual and/or regulatory obligations, and to protect and exercise rights, including in judicial, administrative and arbitration proceedings, and as otherwise required by law. To exercise your rights or ask questions, you can contact us by completing this
Customer Support Form
. To appeal a decision about your privacy rights, please contact our Brazilian Data Protection Officer by emailing
privacy@roblox.com
, or otherwise reaching out to us as described in Section 1.
DE - Roblox-Datenschutz- und Cookie-Richtlinie 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
EN - Roblox Privacy and Cookie Policy 20250314.pdf
400 KB
Download
ES - Política de privacidad y de cookies de Roblox 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
FR - Politique de confidentialité et de cookies de Roblox 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
ID - Kebijakan Privasi dan Cookie Roblox 20250314.pdf
400 KB
Download
IT - Informativa sulla privacy e sui cookie di Roblox 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
JA - Roblox プライバシーおよびクッキーポリシー 20250314.pdf
1000 KB
Download
KO - Roblox 개인정보 처리방침 및 쿠키 정책 20250314.pdf
900 KB
Download
PT-BR - Política de Privacidade e de Cookies da Roblox 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
ZH-CN - Roblox 隐私和 Cookie 政策 20250314.pdf
900 KB
Download
ZH-TW - Roblox 隱私權和 Cookie 政策 20250314.pdf
1000 KB
Download
PL - Zasady ochrony prywatności i dotyczące plików cookie Roblox 20250314.pdf
700 KB
Download
TH - นโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวและคุกกี้ของ Roblox 20250314.pdf
700 KB
Download
TR - Roblox Gizlilik ve Çerez Politikası 20250314.pdf
600 KB
Download
VI - Chính sách Quyền riêng tư và Cookie của Roblox 20250314.pdf
1 MB
Download
NL - privacy- en cookiebeleid van Roblox 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
AR - سياسة الخصوصية وملف تعريف الارتباط الخاصة بـ Roblox 20250314.pdf
1 MB
Download
Related articles
Roblox Terms of Use
Roblox Community Standards
Content Maturity Labels
Roblox Accessibility Statement
Roblox DictionaryWelcome to the Roblox Privacy Policy
Are you Under 13 or responsible for an under-13-year-old?
When we collect your information
Setting up a Roblox account
Purchases on Roblox
Posting content
Asking questions or getting technical support
Using Roblox features
Competitions, promotions and research
Advertising
If you’re a developer or creator
Other purposes for collecting your information
Cookies and similar technologies
On our corporate websites or in job applications
When we share your information
We may share Personal Information where necessary
We may disclose Personal Information to third parties
We may share information that does not identify you
We’re not responsible if you share your own Personal Information
Looking after your information
Security measures
We’ll tell you if your privacy is at risk
How long we keep your information
Where we store your information
Privacy Policy Changes and Updates
Additional information based on where you live
If you live in the United States
If you live in the Republic of Korea
If you live in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom (UK) or Switzerland
Categories of Personal Information and Data Processing Purposes
Automated Decision-Making
Personal Information of Children and Parental Consent
Data Sharing
Legal disclosure
Storage and international transfer of your Personal Information
Your rights as a Data Subject
If you live in Brazil
Categories of Personal Information and Data Processing Purposes
Automated Decision-Making
Personal Information of Children and Parental Consent
Data Sharing
Legal disclosure
Storage and international transfer of your Personal Information
Your rights as a Data Subject
Effective Date: March 14, 2025
You can also find the full Privacy Policy
here
.
Welcome to the Roblox Privacy Policy
Is this Privacy Policy for you?
If you make or play games in Roblox experiences, this Privacy Policy is for you, whatever your age and wherever you live. It’s also for parents or guardians of users under 13 years old. This Policy covers the Roblox
Services
.
What is in this Privacy Policy?
This policy describes the rights you have regarding your Personal Information. It explains that you can control what happens to the information that can identify you - like your name, where you live and your email address. In this Privacy Policy, we’ll also tell you when and how we use your information about you – including how we collect, record, organize, store and share it.
Depending on where you live, you may have different rights or choices for managing your Personal Information, which this Policy will describe later on. In the event of a conflict between the information in Sections 1-5 of this Policy and the location-specific information in Section 8, the information in Section 8 shall prevail.
Where does this Privacy Policy apply?
If you’re using Roblox, you’re in the right place. Here’s where you can learn about keeping your information safe. Using Roblox includes using:
websites with a roblox.com address
our mobile, virtual reality and console apps
the Roblox Player and the Roblox Studio
Other Roblox features described in this policy
But if you leave our services, this Privacy Policy no longer applies. We’re not responsible for what you see on other websites or apps or for their privacy policies, even if you’ve linked to them from our website or app. When you go to another site or app, we may show you a message telling you that you’re leaving Roblox.
To reach us with questions or requests regarding your Personal Information, our information about how to contact us is included below.
You can reach Roblox electronically by submitting a question through our
Customer Support Form
. If you’re under 13 years old, please have your parent or guardian fill out the form.
US:
Phone: (888) 858 - BLOX
Write to us at:
Roblox Corporation
Attn: Roblox Privacy Manager
Address: 3150 S. Delaware St.
San Mateo, California, 94403
privacy@roblox.com
EEA, UK or Switzerland:
If you’re in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom, or Switzerland: contact
roblox@gdpr-rep.com
(Our representative according to Articles 27 EU and UK GDPR in the European Union)
EEA:
DP-Dock GmbH
Attn: Roblox Corporation
Ballindamm 39 / Ecke Jungfernstieg
20095 Hamburg, Germany
UK:
DP Data Protection Services UK Ltd.
Attn: Roblox Corporation
16 Great Queen Street
Covent Garden, London, WC2B 5AH, United Kingdom
If you’re in Brazil, contact our Brazilian Data Protection Officer by emailing
privacy@roblox.com
.
If you’re in Korea, more information is located in the
Privacy Policy Addendum for Users in Republic of Korea
.
If you’re in the United States, additional rules may apply depending on the state you live in. To learn more about the rights available to you under US state laws please visit the the
US State Privacy Policy Addendum
.
Before moving on to the rest of the Privacy Policy, when you see certain terms in this Policy, some of them have specific meanings.
“Children” or “Child” means any user under the age of 13
“Minor” or “minor user” means a user of the Services who is under the legal age of majority in their jurisdiction or state of residence
“Personal Information” means any information relating to a natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, or an online identifier
“Platform” means our Roblox platform, the ultimate virtual universe where imagination rules
“Privacy Policy” or “Policy” means this Roblox Privacy Policy
“Processing” means any operation which is performed on Personal Information, such as collecting, recording, organizing, structuring, storing, adapting or making any kind of disclosure or other use
“Service” means any service or application offered by Roblox, such as allowing users to develop Platform experiences, connect with others, and use content created by you and other users. It includes websites on the roblox.com domain, our Roblox mobile, virtual reality and consoles, the Roblox Player, the Roblox Studio, and our other websites, products, software, applications, content, data feeds and other services on which an authorized link to this Policy is posted
Any other capitalized term that is not defined in this Policy is defined and has the meaning set out the
Roblox Dictionary
. In the event of a material or perceived conflict between the English version of this Policy and translations into other languages, the English version shall control.
Are you Under 13 or responsible for an under-13-year-old?
If you’re under 13 years old, your access to certain features will be restricted in the interest of protecting your Personal Information. Roblox is especially committed to protecting the privacy of children. This part of the privacy policy is just for you.
First, get the go-ahead
If you’re under 13 years old, please get permission from your parent or guardian to use Roblox. You shouldn’t use our Services without their go-ahead.
Set limits
No matter how old you are, Roblox communication settings allow you to control who can interact with you, for example, by only allowing interactions with friends or not allowing any interactions at all. You can also restrict your account, which turns off chat and public commenting and limits an account to certain filtered experiences on Roblox.
Parents and guardians – we recommend you supervise your child whenever they’re interacting on Roblox. We’ve got some tools to help – you can learn about Roblox’s safety features
here
.
Age-appropriate privacy settings
If you’re under 13 years old, we’ll automatically set your account to have stronger privacy settings. While in this privacy mode, some features like social media plug-ins and certain advertising and alerts are disabled. When you turn 13, you will be able to enable additional features that are more appropriate for users ages 13 and up.
Information we collect if you’re under 13 years old
If you’re under 13 years old and create an account, we ask for some information (which is non-personal information,
as defined by COPPA
) to let you use Roblox.
We’ll collect:
your username (required). We need this to create your account and run the Roblox Service. We don’t use your username to identify you outside of Roblox
your password (required). We need this to log you in to your account and to run the Roblox Service
your date of birth (required). We’ll use this information to make sure your account has certain default settings intended for your age
your gender (optional). We will use this information to customize your experience
For additional account security and parental controls, you have the option to provide a parent’s or guardian’s email address in account settings or during logout. Children are encouraged to provide a parent’s email address, but are not required to do so to create an account. Parent email addresses (which is the only personal information
as defined by COPPA
we collect from child accounts) are collected for the security and integrity of your account and the Roblox platform. We may use your parent’s email address to log you in. We may also use your parent’s email address to communicate with them about your account, like asking them to review your account.
We don’t want more Personal Information
If you’re under 13 years old, we will only ask you to tell us the information we need to set up or protect your account. If you give us more of your Personal Information, we will:
delete any additional Personal Information we’ve collected from you (unless the law requires us to keep it),
cancel your account, or
turn on age-appropriate protections on your account
When users publish anything in our public and comment areas (for example, chat, forums, group walls, personal posts), we filter it and remove:
Personal Information like addresses, emails, phone numbers
attempts at phishing (this is when someone tries to trick you into giving out Personal Information)
offensive words, adult or suggestive content
To provide the filtering above, we use human and automated checking to the best of our ability based on available technology – but like all filtering technology, these systems aren’t 100% effective.
Please ask us if you want to make privacy-related changes
You can request that Roblox make changes to your child’s account or allow you to review, delete, or prevent the further collection or use of Personal Information from you or your child. To make a request, please fill out our
Customer Support Form
.
In the US and want to know more?
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). To learn more about COPPA, you can visit the US Federal Trade Commission’s COPPA website:
https://www.ftc.gov/news-events/topics/protecting-consumer-privacy-security/kids-privacy-coppa
You can also learn more about COPPA by looking at this simple guide from the kidSAFE Seal Program –
www.kidsafeseal.com/knowaboutcoppa.html
When we collect your information
Setting up a Roblox account
Your first step to joining a Roblox experience is to set up a Roblox account. We’ll ask you to create a unique username and password so you can log into your account and access features on Roblox. We also ask you for your birthday and gender (gender is optional) so we can customize your experience on Roblox. Eligible users may set their account's display name to contain certain Personal Information.
Three key rules for signing up:
Do not use your own name or other Personal Information in your username.
Do not pick a password that’s easy to guess.
You may share your password with your parent or guardian, but do not share it with others.
We don’t use your username to identify you outside of your activity on Roblox.
Why we ask you for an email address:
Once you have an account, you can add your email address (or your parents’ or guardians’ email address if you are under 13) in case you need to reset your password.
We might ask for your email to verify your identity or enable additional features. The main reason we need an email address is for security because it is how we check to make sure accounts are authentic. You can change your email address anytime you want – if an email address is changed, we’ll send a notification email to the address that you used before.
If you have a 13+ account and change your birthday to indicate you are under age 13, Roblox will save a hash of your email address and any email addresses previously collected from you. This hash cannot be reconstructed back into your email address or used to contact you, and will only be used to authenticate you in the future.
Sharing your phone number
If you choose to give a phone number, we’ll send you a text message asking you to confirm your number before you can log in. We will use your phone number for security and account access, including to recover a lost or forgotten password, access a feature, or log in via mobile. You authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Roblox or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud.
Additionally, with your explicit and informed consent, we may use your phone number to recommend you as a friend to others using Roblox. You will be recommended with your contact name as stored on your friends’ devices, which may also include your real name. If you do not want us to use your phone number to be found by your friends on Roblox, please do not activate this feature or deactivate it at any time. Please note that the Discoverability feature may not be available in certain locations.
We do not ask for your phone number if you are under 13.
Purchases on Roblox
You can buy virtual currency (Robux) or premium subscriptions and choose how to pay from our available payment methods. When you pay, you (or your parent or guardian if you’re under 13) will have to give billing information, including Personal Information such as:
Name of the person responsible for buying virtual currency
Their billing address and contact details, like email or phone number
credit card or other payment information
Our payment processors (for example, PayPal) manage the transactions, which are subject to their terms and conditions and privacy policies. Their policies will explain what Personal Information they keep and use. For example, they might keep and use your billing information, transaction details, and purchase history so that they can sort out any billing problems or inquiries. Roblox receives certain information about purchases in order to fulfill our legal obligations and ensure the integrity of our platform.
You can choose to save your billing information with one of our payment processors to make future purchases easier, in that case, Roblox does not store or have access to your full saved billing information. If you purchase Robux on behalf of another Roblox user, we collect contact information, such as email or phone number, in order to communicate with you about the transaction.
Posting content
You can post comments, messages, or other content on Roblox through chats, forums, group walls, personal posts, or other features. Users who are age 13 or older can also use voice chat on Roblox. We monitor what you say and write to check that it meets our Community Standards and complies with our Terms of Use. If we find that the content doesn’t meet our standards, for example, if we believe that it is inappropriate, includes Personal Information, or is not suitable for users to have on Roblox, we have the right to change or remove it. Where the law allows us to, we may use the content you and other users have posted for training or to help us to improve the way we filter content on our platform. Our aim is to increase safety on our platform. We also may use this data to help us provide a better experience on Roblox and to respond to requests about your account from you or your parent or legal guardian.
Asking questions or getting technical support
We collect your email address (or your parents’ or guardians’ email address if you are under 13), username, and any other details you give when you:
contact customer support
report a problem
ask for technical support
ask us questions or give us comments
We use this information to answer your questions and to give you the support or help you ask for. For users under 13, we communicate with your parent or guardian when sending our responses. We retain records of technical support questions for a limited time for internal use only, such as to answer additional questions about your account.
Using Roblox features
We may use Personal Information when you use certain Roblox features. To provide access to certain features, we may use your email address and other information you provide to us, such as your verified date of birth.
Third-party features such as social media add-ons (users 13 and older)
You can use third-party features like social media widgets, share buttons, and login features. These features may include social plugins from Google, Facebook, Twitter, or other platforms. In these cases, the third party’s terms, conditions and privacy policies apply.
When you use these features:
we may be able to access or use information on your social media accounts
information about how you use Roblox may be shared posted on your profile on those platforms
If you use your Roblox ID to sign in to a non-Roblox website or service, and later delete your Roblox account, you may lose access to that website or service.
Voice-based services (users 13 and older)
If you use Roblox’s voice services, we will monitor, collect, use, and store your voice recordings to:
enable voice services
make our voice-related services safer, including to detect and combat abuse and other harmful activity on our Services
If you use voice services on Roblox, we may use voice recordings to inform training and product improvement in accordance with applicable law. For more information about laws that apply in your region, please visit Section 7 of this policy.
We will not use your voice recording with private server voice-chat recordings of EEA and Brazilian users for training or product improvement.
Location-based Services (users 13 and older)
You can choose to use location-based Services if you’re 13 or older. If you agree, we may collect and track geolocation information so that we can offer Services that depend on us knowing where you are. We collect location at the country or region level; we do not collect precise geolocation data. Examples are personalizing content or advertising.
We collect this information by using an identifier on your device or browser so that we can recognize you each time you return. To stop us collecting your location information, you can update your device settings, stop using the Service, or uninstall our mobile apps.
Joining on a VR platform
If you join our experiences on a VR platform, we collect your physical movement information so that we can use it in the experience. This information is only used to provide the experience.We do not store this information.
Camera-enabled features and uploads (users 13 and older)
If you use Roblox features that require the use of your camera or that enable you to upload content that contains your Personal Information, including photos, we will collect, process, and store that content to accomplish the purpose of the feature, including processing the content for safety purposes. Video used to generate animation key frames is processed on your device and is not shared with Roblox or any third parties. For more information, please refer to the
Roblox Facial Animation Privacy Policy
. For information about how Roblox uses ID Verification, please refer to the
Roblox Biometric Privacy Notice
.
Contact Importer (users 13 and older)
If you opt-in to the Contact Importer feature, you will share the first and last names and phone numbers of your contacts in your address book on your mobile phone with Roblox. This feature helps connect with your friends on our Service. If you use the feature, we will automatically access and collect information in your address book from time to time in order to sync your contacts. Such information will only be retained in case of matches with existing Roblox users. Our Contact Importer feature is only available if you are 13 or older and may not be available in certain locations.
Creator Events (users 13 and older)
If you join a virtual event hosted by a Creator, data such as your username, email, and Roblox user ID may be shared with the company that hosts the events. This is done to allow you to log in to the experience. Your activity during a Creator Event is subject to the third party platform’s privacy policy as well as the Roblox Community Standards. Creator events are only available if you are 13 or older.
Interacting with our experiences
To improve your experience and ensure safety, we collect information about how you interact with the Services and we connect this information with your account. For example, we may:
collect information from your game state to detect violations of our Terms and to improve our ability to detect such violations.
collect information about your behavior when you interact with your device for security and safety purposes
collect information about the games you are playing to give you similar recommendations
share information like your username and transaction details to the UGC creator or subsequent owners, if you acquire a limited item if you purchase, share, trade, or otherwise engage in a transaction involving UGC,
collect information from your device through cookies - see “Cookies and Similar Technologies”.
Subscribing to other features (users 13 and older)
When you subscribe to other features or activities that are available to users 13 years old or older, we’ll set out what information is collected and how we intend to use it when the information is collected.
Competitions, promotions and research
Taking part in competitions or promotions
If you take part in competitions or promotions, for example, contests, sweepstakes, giveaways or prize draws, those activities may require contact information such as your name, email, or phone number, to be eligible for discounts or prizes. If you receive a gift card provided by a third party provider, certain contact information may be shared with the provider and used in accordance with this Policy and the terms listed on the provider’s website. In some places in the world, the law requires us to publicly share information about the winners.
Taking part in research
If you choose to participate in research or surveys, these surveys may collect information about your likes and dislikes, experience interests and habits, general hobbies and interests, and other lifestyle information or preferences. These surveys may ask for Personal Information.
Advertising
To market Roblox’s Service to new and existing users, we use Personal Information like:
IP addresses
information on users’ browsers or operating systems, including language settings and general location information
usernames or user IDs
If you choose to create an Ad Account, we may collect additional information to create your account such as name, email, address, business and/or tax information. The purpose of collecting this information is to provide the ad account and comply with applicable laws, including tax laws.
We do not collect or use Personal Information about users under the age of 13 for advertising or marketing purposes.
If you’re a developer or creator
To take part in the Roblox Developer Exchange Program, you must give us an IRS W-9 form (for U.S. taxpayers) or W-8 form (for non-U.S. taxpayers). We may also ask you to verify your identity by providing a government-issued photo ID through a third-party vendor. This feature is only available to users who are 13 or over. For more information, please visit our
Developer Exchange Terms of Use
.
Other purposes for collecting your information
We also use Personal Information for these general purposes, as permitted by law, in addition to the purposes listed above:
To let you manage your account and our services
To allow you to manage your Roblox account or update your settings
To communicate with you about our Services
To make things better for you
To operate, maintain, personalize, and improve our Service
To research relevant technologies
To provide technical support or customer service
To protect you by keeping our platform safe and secure
To detect security issues, protect against malicious, deceptive or illegal activity, and prosecute anyone responsible for that activity
To find and fix errors or bugs
To give you access to features or limit your access to Roblox, as appropriate
To protect our or our users’ integrity, safety or security
To comply with the law and our policies
To audit interactions and transactions, and carry out any other compliance tasks
To comply with the law and our own Terms of Use, or any other restrictions we’ve put on your use of the Service
You are under no obligation to provide Personal Information to Roblox when requested. However, if you choose to withhold any requested information, we may not be able to provide you with certain services and features.
Cookies and similar technologies
Information collected through cookies
Like most websites, we use cookies and other standard internet technologies to help us make our services better.
Cookies
A cookie is a text file that’s put on your computer or device when you visit a website. It lets the website remember what you do and any settings you choose (e.g., login information, language, font size). Cookies make your experience more convenient – for example, if the cookie remembers your log-in details, you won’t have to enter them again each time you visit the site. Some cookies last longer than others:
Session cookies are deleted each time you close the browser
Persistent cookies stay on the device for a defined period of time.
A cookie set by the owner of the web server you are visiting is called a first-party cookie and cookies set by owners of other domains are called third-party cookies.
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons
A pixel tag or web beacon is a piece of code that tells its owner what you do on a web page. Pixel tags provide information like which web pages you visited or which ads you clicked on.
How we use cookies
We use technology like cookies to recognize you and customize your experience. We and any third-parties might use these technologies whenever you visit our sites or use our Services.
We collect information about the devices and software you use, for example:
the type of browser or device
the website or source that linked or referred you to our services
your IP address, device ID or other identifier that identifies your computer or mobile device – this cookie is not deleted when you close your browser
the operating system of your computer or device
These technologies allow us to:
record and keep your preferences, account settings, and certain login information (for your convenience, e.g. to prevent you from needing to choose settings every time you visit, and security)
collect information about how you use the Services, for example, how you downloaded our app or where you downloaded it from
collect information on how software is used on your mobile device
collect information about what features you use and how well our services work
identify any suspicious activities so we can try to protect users from payment fraud and other inappropriate activities
collect demographic information (eg, age, location, etc)
perform similar functions.
We use cookies or similar technologies only for the purposes given in this privacy policy.
Your cookie rights in the EEA
When you visit our website with an EEA IP address, a cookie banner will appear asking you for your consent. You can manage your choice by clicking on “manage cookie preferences” in the cookie banner. We will save your choices in the form of a cookie. This cookie has a limited effective period of one year. For more information, see Section 7 below.
Third-party advertising companies
We partner with third-party advertising companies such as ad server companies and ad networks. If you interact with content or reach Roblox through a link in an advertisement, we or our service providers may give these third-party advertising companies identifiers from your device, such as an IP address or device ID. We collect this information to help us to promote and market our Services better.
For users under 13 years old, Roblox partners with third-party advertising companies:
to display contextual advertising that is based on the content of the game you play
to limit how much advertising is shown to you if you’re under 13 years old
to provide related uses permitted by COPPA.
If you’re under 13 years old, Roblox will not show these types of advertising to you:
behaviorally targeted ads – these are ads that are shown according to a user’s behavior on a website or app
retargeted ads – these are ads that are sent after a user starts a purchasing process but does not finish it. The ad tries to get the user to finish the purchase.
We do not collect any information from users under 13 years old for the purposes of directing targeted advertising.
Your cookie choices
For Roblox.com, click on the link in the footer at the bottom of the page to access your cookie options. For all other sites, please clear your cookies and refresh your browser to display the cookie banner to access its settings.
Most web and mobile device browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser settings so that cookies are not accepted or you are warned before a cookie is set.
Use information from browser companies to learn more about how they manage cookies:
Google Chrome:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-GB
,
Microsoft Edge:
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/delete-cookies-in-microsoft-edge-63947406-40ac-c3b8-57b9-2a946a29ae09
,
Mozilla Firefox:
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer
,
Safari (Desktop):
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042?locale=en_US
,
Safari (Mobile):
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201265
,
Android Browser:
https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/54068
,
Opera:
https://www.opera.com/help
.
You can also learn more about cookies by visiting
https://www.allaboutcookies.org/
, which also tells you how to block or delete cookies that are already on your device.
By blocking or deleting cookies used, you might limit your experience of the Service. You might not be able to log in or experience the Roblox.
When you visit our website with an EEA IP address, a cookie banner will appear asking you for your consent. You can manage your choice by clicking on “manage cookie preferences” in the cookie banner. We will save your choices in the form of a cookie. This cookie has a limited effective period of one year. For more details see Section 7 below.
To stop companies from tracking you on their websites
You can ask us or a third party to disable advertising-related tracking on our websites. To disable this tracking, we or the third party may need to set an opt-out cookie on your browser. You may need to change your browser settings to accept cookies if you want to fully disable advertising-related tracking. Please note that our Services do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
On our corporate websites or in job applications
The parts of this privacy policy that are about experiences or give information about users under 13 years old don’t apply to the corporate websites.
If you contact us about job opportunities, we may ask for your name, email address and employment details. Or you may send us a CV or job application with this information. We have the right to use this information to send you corporate-related information to you or respond to your job application. If you engage with Roblox in an immersive space for prospective employees, such as the Roblox Career Center, such a space may be recorded in order to provide the experience.
Our corporate websites give general company information to any user that visits them – they use the domain names, corp.roblox.com, blog.roblox.com, and their subdomains. On these sites, we give information about the corporate side of Roblox, press information, career information, and other general audience information. Our corporate websites do not offer any experiences.
When we share your information
We may share Personal Information where necessary
When other companies need Personal Information to provide a service on our behalf
We may share your information, including Personal Information, with other companies (known as third-party agents, contractors, or service providers). We hire these companies to perform services for us. These companies are only allowed to use the information we share to complete the relevant tasks. They are not allowed to use the information we share for any other purpose, including selling Personal Information. We make sure that all companies that we share information with are capable of looking after the information properly. Personal Information collected through the SMS program, won’t be shared, sold or rented to third parties.
Here are examples of the services that we might rely on other companies to provide, and examples of the companies that we are likely to share information with.
Account integrity and security services (e.g., Veriff, Persona, Arkose Labs);
Analytics services (e.g., Google LLC);
User acquisition services (e.g., AppsFlyer);
Community filtering and moderation services;
Customer support services (e.g., Zendesk);
Surveys and promotions (e.g., Reach3);
Social media log-in services (e.g., SAP Customer Data Cloud);
Billing and payment services (e.g., Kount, Worldpay, PayPal, Incomm, Blackhawk, Google, Apple, Amazon, Windows Store, Xbox, Playstation, Meta Quest, Xsolla)
Hosting and content delivery services (eg, AWS, Equinix, CenturyLink, YouTube, Vimeo).
When creators need Personal Information to improve your experience
The creators of the experiences you use or content you interact with will have access to your username, display name, user ID, game metrics, UGC transaction details, and your regional location (which we base on your IP address). We do not share your IP address with the creators.
We provide creators with the regional location of players to determine their player base and make sure their experiences meet the legal requirements of the country you live in.
For legal reasons or to help prevent a crime
We may share your Personal Information, as permitted or required by law, if:
necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process served on Roblox
law enforcement agencies, regulators, or other public agencies (including schools or children's services) request that we share it
we believe that disclosing the information may prevent a crime
we believe it is necessary to protect our legal rights or the legal rights of others
a law requires us to share it
To help ensure safety and security
We may share your Personal Information if we believe that sharing would:
help an investigation into public safety or a violation of our Terms of Use
protect the safety of Roblox users or others
reduce risk to user safety or security, or if collaborating with others is necessary to protect users
help to protect the security or integrity of our Services
If we need to protect ourselves against legal responsibility
We may share your information if we believe that disclosing the information will allow us to take precautions against taking legal responsibility (liability) or to protect our rights.
If there is a transfer of rights in our business e.g., if we sell our business
We may hand over rights to access your information, including Personal Information:
as part of a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, or similar transaction
if information is handed over as a business asset in an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership
Where required by law, we will notify you and ask you to consent to such sharing.
We may disclose Personal Information to third parties
For Advertising Purposes
Roblox may disclose information collected from or about you with third-party advertising companies and/or advertising measurement companies to select advertisements for you, or measure and improve advertising effectiveness. In accordance with applicable law, we provide our users with choices about whether data is disclosed for this purpose. Data disclosed for this purpose includes:
Contact Identifiers
Characteristics or demographics
Device identifiers
You can exercise choices about data processing for this purpose by visiting your account’s
privacy settings page
. Depending on where you live, you may have additional rights that apply. For region-specific information, please visit Section 7 of this policy. Disclosing data for the purposes described in this Section may be considered a “sale” or “share” of personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act. California residents can find more information about your rights in the
US State Privacy Policy Addendum
. We do not collect any information from users under 13 years old for the purposes of directing targeted advertising.
Roblox Commerce
If you directly interact with a Commerce Provider to purchase a Commerce Product(s) on Roblox, Roblox and the Commerce Provider may need to exchange information about your purchase in order to fulfill the transaction. This involves Roblox or the Commerce Provider creating a transaction identifier that allows each party to confirm certain information about the transaction, such as whether a purchase has been completed. Any information you provide directly to the Commerce Provider in order to complete a transaction is independently collected by the Commerce Provider and will be subject to the Commerce Provider’s applicable terms and policies.
We may share information that does not identify you
In some circumstances, we share data that doesn’t identify you, for example:
To comply with reporting requirements
For any business or marketing purposes
To help us and others understand how, when, and why users visit our sites and use Roblox.
We may share non-identifying data of all users regardless of their age.
We’re not responsible if you share your own Personal Information
If you’re 13 years old or over, you can share your Personal Information through chat, forums, messages or similar ways of sharing on our Service. Remember that anyone who uses these features will be able to see anything you share in this way. We are not responsible for how your Personal Information is used if you shared it yourself.
Looking after your information
Security measures
We have security measures that are intended to protect any Personal Information or other sensitive information under our control from loss, misuse, or alteration. Though we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of information will never occur, we use reasonable efforts to prevent it.
Sending or storing information on the Internet is not 100% secure, so we can’t guarantee the security of any information you share with us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
We’ll tell you if your privacy is at risk
We may send you emails or other messages about security, privacy, and account management. If we learn about an incident that may qualify as a data breach under the law, we will notify you in accordance with the law.
How long we keep your information
We may keep your Personal Information for specific purposes as long as we need it to fulfill those purposes, sometimes even if you’ve stopped using Roblox’s Services. When we no longer require your Personal Information, we will de-identify or delete the information. Here are the reasons we may need to keep your information:
For resolving problems
We keep billing information and transaction histories so that we can resolve billing disputes or inquiries.
We keep user account history to solve any customer service issues and to provide, improve, and develop our service.
To make our services safer
We may keep information if it will help us make our Service safer and more secure, such as to stop bad actors who try to misuse Roblox.
For legal reasons
We may keep information for legal reasons, like establishing legal defenses, conducting audits, pursuing legitimate business purposes, enforcing our agreements, exercising our rights, or complying with legal obligations.
Letting other users keep your information
Other users may keep publicly shared content and virtual items on our platform (e.g., if you create a virtual shirt and then sell it to another user, the virtual shirt will be kept on the platform because the other user now possesses it).
Where we store your information
Roblox is based in the United States. We send information we collect from you to our secure servers in the U.S. where we store and use it. This storage is necessary for us to process the information.
We may also transfer information that we collect from you to our other offices and to the third parties mentioned in Section 4 of this Policy – these might be outside your region. Our agents or contractors may also use your information. The data protection laws of the U.S. or other countries may not be equivalent to those where you live.
Wherever we transfer your Personal Information, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected. If required by applicable legislation, we rely on a valid international data transfer mechanism to enable cross-border data transfers.
Privacy Policy Changes and Updates
We update this Privacy Policy at times, so you should review this page regularly. We always publish the date of the latest version at the bottom of this page.
If we make any major changes, we will let you know by email (if we have your email address or a parent’s or legal guardian’s email address) or by showing a prominent notice on this website or in app prior to the change becoming effective. If required by law, we will obtain your consent or the consent of a parent or legal guardian if any of these changes involve new material uses of your Personal Information not previously disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
Additional information based on where you live
If you live in certain regions, you may have additional choices about your Personal Information or rights that apply to data processing. This section contains additional information based on where you live.
If you want to exercise your rights or make another request about your Personal Information, or if you want us to make another request about your Personal Information, please fill in the Customer Support Form. If you’re under 13 years old, please have your parent or guardian fill out the form.
If you live in the United States
If you live in the United States, please visit our US State Privacy Policy Addendum for more information.
If you live in the Republic of Korea
If you’re in Korea, more information is located in the Privacy Policy Addendum for Users in Republic of Korea.
If you live in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom (UK) or Switzerland
Categories of Personal Information and Data Processing Purposes
In the course of visiting our websites and apps, and/or using our services and products, we may process the following Personal Information subject to the legal bases mentioned below:
Setting up a Roblox account
Username and password to create your account. The basis for processing this personal data is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
Email addresses and other information you provided us with for added verification and/or to enable certain features. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) and f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. Roblox has a legitimate interest in providing a safe and secure Service, especially to protect children.
If you choose to provide a phone number, we will use the phone number for security and account access purposes, which will allow you to log in via mobile and recover a lost or forgotten password. You authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Roblox or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”) and f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in enabling you to use our Services via your mobile device, ensuring security, and preventing fraud. Additionally, with your explicit and informed consent, we may use your phone number to recommend you as a friend to others using Roblox. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR (“consent”).
Purchases on Roblox
Billing and payment information, when you participate in Developer Exchange or purchase virtual currency or premium subscriptions on behalf of yourself or another user, including your name, billing address, credit card or other payment information and billing information. You may choose to save information such as your credit card number through a third-party payment provider; in such cases the information is not stored by Roblox; it is stored with the third-party partner. If you purchase Robux on behalf of another Roblox user, we collect contact information, such as email or phone number, in order to communicate with you about the transaction. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”). We may also retain transaction details and purchase and payment history. The legal basis for processing these personal data is our legitimate interest in being able to resolve subsequent billing disputes and inquiries, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”).
Posting content
Comments or messages you post or transmit on Roblox via public chats, forums, group walls, personal post, etc. We process this information to monitor, filter and moderate this information for the purposes of being able to remove profanity, Personal Information, and other inappropriate conversations. Additionally, we may use pre-filtered comments and messages for other purposes such as training and improving our filter technology. The legal basis for this processing activity is Roblox’s legitimate interest in being able to defend ourselves from possible liability claims that may arise from unlawful comments posted by you, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”). Please note that any Personal Information submitted by you in forums and similar means offered by us is available to anyone who has access to this forum including other users. The Personal Information posted by you can be read, collected or used by other users of these forums and could be used to send unsolicited messages.
Asking questions or getting technical support
Information relating to contacting our customer service, e.g. when you report a problem, submit questions, concerns or comments. We may process your email address, your name and information relating to your inquiry or concern in order to respond to your communications, fulfill your requests, or provide other customer support. This processing activity is based on Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”), depending on the initial purpose for contacting our customer support.
Using Roblox Features
Information relating to your use of or interaction with third party plug-ins, e.g. social plugins from Google, Facebook or Twitter. When you use these features, certain information from your social media accounts may be accessed by or shared with Roblox, and likewise, certain information about your use of Roblox may be posted to your profile on those platforms. The legal bases for this processing activity are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f (“legitimate interest”). If you use your Roblox credentials to sign in to a third-party website or service, and later delete your Roblox account, you may lose access to such third-party website or service.
When you use voice based services from Roblox, we will collect, process and store your voice recording to enable voice services and make our voice-related services safer. We will not engage in training or product improvement with private server voice chat recordings of EEA users. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) GDPR and Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f (“legitimate interest”). With your consent, we will use voice recordings to inform training and product improvement. The basis for processing this personal data for training and product improvement is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a (“consent”).
When you request or agree to location-based services (users 13 years old and older), we may collect and track geolocation information so that we can offer services that depend on us knowing where you are. Examples are personalizing content or advertising. We collect this information by using an identifier on your device or browser so that we can recognize you each time you return. To stop us collecting your location information, you can update your device settings, stop using the service, or uninstall our mobile apps. The basis for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
If you join our experiences on a VR platform, we will collect your physical movement information in order to replicate your movement in the experience. This information is only used to provide the Service and is not stored. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
If you join a virtual event hosted by a Creator, data such as your username, email, and Roblox user ID may be shared with the third-party platform that hosts events. Such data is used to allow you to log in to the experience. Your activity during a Creator Event is subject to the third party platform’s privacy policy as well as the
Roblox Community Standards
. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) to join an event and f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR to ensure the security and integrity of our service.
Information required for additional features that require the use of your camera or upload content, including photos, that contains your Personal Information. If you decide to use these features and upload content that require the use of your camera or upload content that contains your Personal Information, we will collect, process, and store that content only for as long as needed to accomplish the purpose of the feature. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”). For certain uploads, Roblox processes data you upload on the basis of consent, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a (“consent”). For more information, please refer to the
Roblox Facial Animation Privacy Policy
.
Information required for other features or activities, which may be available to our users other than children. We may offer other features or activities on our Services from time to time, and you may be able to submit or upload Personal Information in connection with such features. The data being collected for such features and their intended uses will be evident at the time of data collection. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
If you opt-in to the Contact Importer feature, you consent to sharing with Roblox the first and last names and phone numbers of your contacts in your address book on your mobile phone, either at the time you register for our Service or otherwise. We do so to help you connect with your friends on our Service. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”).
Interacting with our experiences. To improve your experience and ensure safety, we collect information about how you interact with the Services and we connect this information with your account. For example, we may collect information from a user's game state to detect violations of our Terms and to improve our ability to detect such violations; collect information about your behavior when you interact with your device for security and safety purposes; collect information from your search history to give you similar recommendations; share information like your username and transaction details to the UGC creator or subsequent owners, if you acquire a limited item if you purchase, share, trade, or otherwise engage in a transaction involving UGC. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) and f (“legitimate interest”). We may use data collected from your interaction with our experiences for safety or moderation purposes on the basis of Article 6 sec. 1 sent.1 lit. f ("legitimate interest").
Competitions, promotions, and research
When you respond to or participate in voluntary research or surveys or studies. These surveys may collect information about your likes and dislikes, experience interests and habits, general hobbies and interests, and other lifestyle information or preferences. These surveys may ask for Personal Information. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR (“consent”).
Information relating to your participation in contests, competitions, sweepstakes, giveaways, prize draws or other promotions that we may run on our Service or sponsor from time to time. We may process certain contact information (such as your name, email address, and/or phone number) for prize fulfillment purposes, as well as other information or content needed for the specific promotion. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”).
Advertising
To market our services, inter alia, via social media platforms in order to bring new users to our websites and to maintain and increase our user base, we may process Personal Information such as IP addresses, information on users’ browser or operating system, including language settings, regional location information and user names or user IDs. To the extent these practices involve the processing of Personal Information, the legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR (“consent”).
When you choose to create an Ad Account, we may collect additional information for your account (such as name, email, address, business information, etc.) in order to create an account. The basis for processing this personal data is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”). We may also retain transaction details and purchase and payment history. The legal basis for processing these personal data is our legitimate interest in being able to resolve subsequent disputes and inquiries, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”).
If you’re a developer or creator
Information required for participating in our Roblox Developer Exchange Program, like the IRS W-9 form (for U.S. taxpayers) or W-8 form (for non-U.S. taxpayers). The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 sec.1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”) with regard to U.S. law requirements. It is our legitimate interest to comply with the legal requirements, especially with regard to U.S. anti-money laundering laws.
Other purposes for collecting your information
Login information, which may include your IP address, device type, username, password, date and time of your visit, information on your browser version, information on your operating system, including language settings, MAC addresses, and User ID. We will process this information to provide you with our Service. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) and lit. f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. It is in our legitimate interest to guarantee the Services’ stability and security.
Account information, e.g. information such as your name, username, login and password details, regional location information, user-generated content, contact details that you choose to provide to us, and other Personal Information that are used for participating in the Service we are offering. We process this information to provide our Services to you. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”).
Cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies. Some of these cookies are necessary for the basic functioning of the website and therefore cannot be deactivated. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”) and Art. 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”) because we have a legitimate interest to guarantee the Services’ stability and security. We will use optional cookies only if you have previously consented to such use. When you visit our website with an EEA IP address, a cookie banner will appear asking you for your consent. You can manage your choice by clicking on “manage cookie preferences” in the cookie banner. We will save your choices in the form of a cookie. This cookie has a limited effective period of one year. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR (“consent”). In addition, you can also manage cookies using your browser settings. For further information on cookies and similar technologies see Section 3 above.
On our corporate websites or in job applications
Information relating to a job application made by you, like your name, email address, employment details, CV, resume or other details of your employment history sent by you. We will process this information to process and respond to your job application. If you engage with Roblox in an immersive space for prospective employees, such as the Roblox Career Center, such a space may be recorded in order to provide the experience. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“necessary for entering into an employment contract with us”).
Automated Decision-Making
Please note that we do not use your Personal Information for automated decision making which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
Personal Information of Children and Parental Consent
Please note that when users under the age of 13 register for the Service, their account is automatically set to privacy-protective settings by default. This means that these users will not have access to certain features, such as social media plug-ins, some forms of third party advertising, and certain types of notification alerts.
When a child creates an account on Roblox, we may process a username, password, birthdate, and gender (gender is optional). Separate from account creation, users may optionally provide a parent email address. We process this information to give the user access to the Service and to communicate with the parent about the child’s account (if a parent email was provided). For example, we may use the parent’s email to send an email notification about the child’s account and an invitation for the parent to review the account and update settings. We may use the birthdate the child provides when signing up for the Service to determine which features on Roblox the child should have access to and to determine when the child will turn 13 years old and can be given broader access to features on our Service. This processing activity is based on Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”). In general, we will not use or share account information (including Personal Information) from a child’s account except for the permissible purposes stated in this Privacy Policy, and, if required by law, only with the prior verifiable consent of a parent or legal guardian (Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a and Article 8 sec. 1 GDPR).
Data Sharing
Roblox may share users’ information, including Personal Information like billing information or usernames, with our third-party agents, contractors, or service providers who are hired to perform services on Roblox’s behalf.
These providers may operate or support certain functions of the Service. Below is an illustrative list of functions for which we may use third party service providers and the names of the providers we may use to perform these functions:
Account Integrity and Security (e.g., Veriff, Persona, Arkose Labs);
Analytics services (e.g., Google LLC);
User Acquisition services (e.g., AppsFlyer);
Community filtering and moderation services;
Customer support services (e.g., Zendesk);
Surveys and promotions (e.g., Reach3);
Social Media Log-in (e.g., SAP Customer Data Cloud);
Billing services and payment gateway providers (e.g., Kount, Worldpay, PayPal, Incomm, Blackhawk, Google, Apple, Amazon, Windows Store, Xbox, Playstation, Meta Quest, Xsolla); and
Hosting and content delivery network services (e.g., AWS, Equinix, CenturyLink, YouTube, Vimeo).
The legal basis for this data transfer and processing activity is Article 28 of GDPR in conjunction with the data processing agreements we concluded with respective third-party agents. These agents and contractors are only allowed to use the information shared with them only for the specific tasks they’ve been hired to do and consistent with this Privacy Policy, and for no other purposes. Roblox takes steps to ensure that all service providers with access to Personal Information are capable of protecting the information we share with them.
Further, the creators of the experiences you use or content you interact with will have access to your username, display name, user ID, game metrics, UGC transaction details, and your regional location (which we base on your IP address). We do not share your IP address with the creators. We provide creators with the regional location of players to determine their player base and make sure their experiences meet the legal requirements of the country you live in. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”), Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. c (“compliance with legal obligation”) in compliance with the respective EEA or Member State law and lit. f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. It is the creators’ legitimate interest to comply with non-EEA legal obligations.
With your consent, Roblox will disclose information collected from or about you with advertisers and/or advertising measurement companies to select advertisements for you, or measure and improve advertising effectiveness. Data disclosed for this purpose includes contact identifiers and device identifiers. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. sent. 1 lit. a (“consent”).
If you directly interact with a Commerce Provider to purchase a Commerce Product(s) on Roblox, Roblox and the Commerce Provider may need to exchange information about your purchase in order to fulfill the transaction. This involves Roblox or the Commerce Provider creating a transaction identifier that allows each party to confirm certain information about the transaction, such as whether a purchase has been completed. The legal basis for data sharing required to facilitate a purchase you make through a fulfillment partner is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
Legal disclosure
We may disclose Personal Information about you, including the content of your communications on the Service, to comply with legal process, including court orders and subpoenas, served on our Service. In addition, we also may disclose Personal Information about you, including content, in response to a request from law enforcement agencies, regulators, or other public agencies (including schools or children services), if we believe that there is a risk to user safety or security, and collaborating with other organizations when necessary to protect users, or if such disclosure may (i) prevent the instigation of a crime, (ii) facilitate an investigation related to public safety or protect the safety of a user on our Service, (iii) protect the security or integrity of our Service, or (iv) enable us to take precautions against liability or to protect our rights or the rights of others. The legal basis for such disclosure is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. c (“compliance with legal obligation”) in compliance with the respective EEA or Member State law and lit. f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. It is our legitimate interest to comply with the legal requirements of U.S. law. Further, we have a legitimate interest in these purposes.
Storage and international transfer of your Personal Information
Roblox is based in the U.S. Your Personal Information that we collect is sent to and stored on secure servers located in the United States of America. Such storage is necessary in order to process the information. Some of our agents and third-party service providers are located outside the European Economic Area, e.g. the United States. The data protection laws of the United States or other countries may not be as comprehensive or equivalent to those in your country of residence. Wherever we transfer your Personal Information, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected, e.g. conclude the
EU Standard Contractual Clauses
with third parties.
Your rights as a Data Subject
If you are a user based in the European Economic Area, you may be entitled to exercise some or all of the following rights:
Request (i) information whether your Personal Information is retained and (ii) access to or duplicates of your Personal Information retained, including the purposes of the processing, the categories of Personal Information concerned, and the data recipients as well as potential retention periods;
Request rectification, removal or restriction of your Personal Information, e.g. because (i) it is incomplete or inaccurate, (ii) it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected, or (iii) the consent on which the processing was based has been withdrawn;
Refuse to provide and – without impact to data processing activities that have taken place before such withdrawal – withdraw your consent to processing of your Personal Information at any time;
Object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to processing of your Personal Information, in case such processing is either based on our or a third party’s legitimate interests or on a performance of a task carried out in the public interest. In this case, please provide us with information about your particular situation. After the assessment of the facts presented by you we will either stop processing your Personal Information or present you our compelling legitimate grounds for an ongoing processing;
Object to the use of your Personal Information for direct marketing at any time;
Request (i) to receive the Personal Information concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and (ii) to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from our side. Where technically feasible you shall have the right to have the Personal Information transmitted directly from us to another controller.
You may (i) exercise the rights referred to above, (ii) pose any questions, or (iii) make any complaints regarding our data processing by contacting us under the contact details set out above in Sec. 1.
Further, you may take legal actions in relation to any potential breach of your rights regarding the processing of your Personal Information, as well as to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulators.
If you live in Brazil
Categories of Personal Information and Data Processing Purposes
In the course of visiting our websites and apps, and/or using our services and products, we may process the following Personal Information:
Setting up a Roblox account
Username and password to create your account.
Email addresses and other information you provided us with for added verification and/or to enable certain features. Roblox has a legitimate interest in providing a safe and secure Service, especially to protect children.
If you choose to provide a phone number, we will use the phone number for security and account access purposes, which will allow you to log in via mobile and recover a lost or forgotten password. You authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Roblox or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud. We have a legitimate interest in enabling you to use our Services via your mobile device, ensuring security, and preventing fraud. Additionally, with your explicit and informed consent, we may use your phone number to recommend you as a friend to others using Roblox.
Purchases on Roblox
Billing and payment information, when you participate in Developer Exchange or purchase virtual currency or premium subscriptions on behalf of yourself or another user, including your name, billing address, credit card or other payment information and billing information. You may choose to save information such as your credit card number through a third-party payment provider; in such cases the information is not stored by Roblox; it is stored with the third-party partner. We may also retain transaction details and purchase and payment history. If you purchase Robux on behalf of another Roblox user, we collect contact information, such as email or phone number, in order to communicate with you about the transaction.
Posting content
Comments or messages you post or transmit on Roblox via public chats, forums, group walls, personal post, etc. We process this information to monitor, filter and moderate this information for the purposes of being able to remove profanity, Personal Information, and other inappropriate conversations. Additionally, we may use pre-filtered comments and messages for other purposes such as training and improving our filter technology. Please note that any Personal Information submitted by you in forums and similar means offered by us is available to anyone who has access to this forum including other users. The Personal Information posted by you can be read, collected or used by other users of these forums and could be used to send unsolicited messages.
Asking questions or getting technical support
Information relating to contacting our customer service, e.g. when you report a problem, submit questions, concerns or comments. We may process your email address, your name and information relating to your inquiry or concern in order to respond to your communications, fulfill your requests, or provide other customer support.
Using Roblox Features
Information relating to your use of or interaction with third party plug-ins, e.g. social plugins from Google, Facebook or Twitter. When you use these features, certain information from your social media accounts may be accessed by or shared with Roblox, and likewise, certain information about your use of Roblox may be posted to your profile on those platforms. If you use your Roblox credentials to sign in to a third-party website or service, and later delete your Roblox account, you may lose access to such third-party website or service.
When you use voice based services from Roblox, we will collect, process, and store your voice recording to enable voice services and make our voice-related services safer. We will not engage in training or product improvement with private server voice chat recordings of Brazil users. With your consent, we will use voice recordings to inform training and product improvement.
When you request or agree to location-based services (users 13 years old and older), we may collect and track geolocation information so that we can offer services that depend on us knowing where you are. Examples are personalizing content or advertising. We collect this information by using an identifier on your device or browser so that we can recognize you each time you return. To stop us collecting your location information, you can update your device settings, stop using the service, or uninstall our mobile apps.
If you join our experiences on a VR platform, we will collect your physical movement information in order to replicate your movement in the experience. This information is only used to provide the Service and is not stored.
If you join a virtual event hosted by a Creator, data such as your username, email, and Roblox user ID may be shared with the third-party platform that hosts events. Such data is used to allow you to log in to the experience. Your activity during a Creator Event is subject to the third party platform’s privacy policy as well as the
Roblox Community Standards
.
Information required for additional features that require the use of your camera or upload content, including photos, that contains your Personal Information. If you decide to use these features and upload content, we will collect, process, and store that content to accomplish the purpose of the feature. For more information, please refer to the
Roblox Facial Animation Privacy Policy
.
Information required for other features or activities, which may be available to our users other than children. We may offer other features or activities on our Services from time to time, and you may be able to submit or upload Personal Information in connection with such features. The data being collected for such features and their intended uses will be evident at the time of data collection.
If you opt-in to the Contact Importer feature, you consent to sharing with Roblox the first and last names and phone numbers of your contacts in your address book on your mobile phone, either at the time you register for our Service or otherwise. We do so to help you connect with your friends on our Service.
Interacting with our experiences. To improve your experience and ensure safety, we collect information about how you interact with the Services and we connect this information with your account. For example, we may collect information from a user's game state to detect violations of our Terms and to improve our ability to detect such violations; collect information about your behavior when you interact with your device for security and safety purposes; collect information from your search history to give you similar recommendations; share information like your username and transaction details to the UGC creator or subsequent owners, if you acquire a limited item if you purchase, share, trade, or otherwise engage in a transaction involving UGC.
Competitions, promotions, and research
When you respond to or participate in voluntary research or surveys or studies. These surveys may collect information about your likes and dislikes, experience interests and habits, general hobbies and interests, and other lifestyle information or preferences. These surveys may ask for Personal Information.
Information relating to your participation in contests, competitions, sweepstakes, giveaways, prize draws or other promotions that we may run on our Service or sponsor from time to time. We may process certain contact information (such as your name, email address, and/or phone number) for prize fulfillment purposes, as well as other information or content needed for the specific promotion.
Advertising
To market our services, inter alia, via social media platforms in order to bring new users to our websites and to maintain and increase our user base, we may process Personal Information such as IP addresses, information on users’ browser or operating system, including language settings, regional location information and user names or user IDs.
When you choose to create an Ad Account, we may collect additional information for your account (such as name, email, address, business information, etc.) in order to create an account. We may also retain transaction details and purchase and payment history.
If you’re a developer or creator
Information required for participating in our Roblox Developer Exchange Program, like the IRS W-9 form (for U.S. taxpayers) or W-8 form (for non-U.S. taxpayers). It is our legitimate interest to comply with the legal requirements, especially with regard to U.S. anti-money laundering laws.
Other purposes for collecting your information
Login information, which may include your IP address, device type, username, password, date and time of your visit, information on your browser version, information on your operating system, including language settings, MAC addresses, and User ID. We will process this information to provide you with our Service. It is in our legitimate interest to guarantee the Services’ stability and security.
Account information, e.g. information such as your name, username, login and password details, regional location information, user-generated content, contact details that you choose to provide to us, and other Personal Information that are used for participating in the Service we are offering. We process this information to provide our Services to you.
Cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies. Some of these cookies are necessary for the basic functioning of the website and therefore cannot be deactivated. We will use optional cookies only if you have previously consented to such use. You can manage your choice by clicking on “manage cookie preferences” in the cookie banner. We will save your choices in the form of a cookie. This cookie has a limited effective period of one year. In addition, you can also manage cookies using your browser settings. For further information on cookies and similar technologies see Section 3 above.
On our corporate websites or in job applications
Information relating to a job application made by you, like your name, email address, employment details, CV, resume or other details of your employment history sent by you. If you engage with Roblox in an immersive space for prospective employees, such as the Roblox Career Center, such a space may be recorded in order to provide the experience. We will process this information to process and respond to your job application.
Automated Decision-Making
Please note that we do not use your Personal Information for automated decision making which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
Personal Information of Children and Parental Consent
Please note that when users under the age of 13 register for the Service, their account is automatically set to to privacy-protective settings by default. This means that these users will not have access to certain features, such as social media plug-ins, some forms of third party advertising, and certain types of notification alerts.
When a child creates an account on Roblox, we may process a username, password, birthdate, and gender (gender is optional). Separate from account creation, users may optionally provide the user access to the Service and to communicate with the parent about the child’s account (if a parent email was provided). For example, we may use the parent’s email to send an email notification about the child’s account and an invitation for the parent to review their child's account and update settings. We may use the birthdate the child provides when signing up for the Service to determine which features on Roblox the child should have access to and to determine when the child will turn 13 years old and can be given broader access to features on our Service.
In general, we will not use or share account information (including Personal Information) from a child's account except for the permissible purposes stated in this Privacy Policy and, where applicable, only with the prior verifiable consent of a parent or legal guardian.
Data Sharing
Roblox may share users’ information, including Personal Information like billing information or usernames, with our third-party agents, contractors, or service providers who are hired to perform services on Roblox’s behalf.
These providers may operate or support certain functions of the Service. Below is an illustrative list of functions for which we may use third party service providers and the names of the providers we may use to perform these functions:
Account Integrity and Security (e.g., Veriff, Persona, Arkose Labs);
Analytics services (e.g., Google LLC);
User Acquisition services (e.g., AppsFlyer);
Community filtering and moderation services;
Customer support services (e.g., Zendesk);
Surveys and promotions (e.g., Reach3);
Social Media Log-in (e.g., SAP Customer Data Cloud);
Billing services and payment gateway providers (e.g., Kount, Worldpay, PayPal, Incomm, Blackhawk, Google, Apple, Amazon, Windows Store, Xbox, Playstation, Meta Quest, Xsolla); and
Hosting and content delivery network services (e.g., AWS, Equinix, CenturyLink, YouTube, Vimeo).
These agents and contractors are only allowed to use the information shared with them only for the specific tasks they’ve been hired to do and consistent with this Privacy Policy, and for no other purposes. Roblox takes steps to ensure that all service providers with access to Personal Information are capable of protecting the information we share with them.
Further, the creators of the experiences you use or content you interact with will have access to your username, display name, user ID, game metrics, UGC transaction details, and your regional location (which we base on your IP address). We do not share your IP address with the creators. We provide creators with the regional location of players to determine their player base and make sure their experiences meet the legal requirements of the country you live in.
With your consent, Roblox will disclose information collected from or about you with advertisers and/or advertising measurement companies to select advertisements for you, or measure and improve advertising effectiveness. Data disclosed for this purpose includes contact identifiers and device identifiers.
If you directly interact with a Commerce Provider to purchase a Commerce Product(s) on Roblox, Roblox and the Commerce Provider may need to exchange information about your purchase in order to fulfill the transaction. This involves Roblox or the Commerce Provider creating a transaction identifier that allows each party to confirm certain information about the transaction, such as whether a purchase has been completed.
Legal disclosure
We may disclose Personal Information about you, including the content of your communications on the Service, to comply with legal process, including court orders and subpoenas, served on our Service. In addition, we also may disclose Personal Information about you, including content, in response to a request from law enforcement agencies, regulators, or other public agencies (including schools or children services), if we believe that there is a risk to user safety or security, and collaborating with other organizations when necessary to protect users, or if such disclosure may (i) prevent the instigation of a crime, (ii) facilitate an investigation related to public safety or protect the safety of a user of our Service, (iii) protect the security or integrity of our Service, (iv) enable us to take precautions against liability or to protect our rights or the rights of others, or (v) when otherwise required by applicable laws.
Storage and international transfer of your Personal Information
Roblox is based in the U.S. Your Personal Information that we collect is sent to and stored on secure servers located in the United States of America. Such storage is necessary in order to process the information.
Some of our agents and third-party service providers are located outside of Brazil, e.g. the United States. The data protection laws of the United States or other countries may not be as comprehensive or equivalent to those in Brazil. Wherever we transfer your Personal Information, we will take reasonable steps to ensure we rely on a legitimate international transfer mechanism, as set out in Brazilian data protection laws.
Your rights as a Data Subject
As a data subject located in Brazil, you have rights regarding your Personal Information. We provide mechanisms, as detailed below, so that you have clarity and transparency in exercising your rights. As a data subject, you have the following rights:
Confirm whether or not we process your Personal Information
Access your Personal Information
Correct incomplete, inaccurate, or outdated Personal Information
Anonymize, block or delete unnecessary, excessive Personal Information or data processed in non-compliance with LGPD
Port your Personal Information to another service provider, upon express request and subject to our trade secrets, in accordance with the regulations of the supervisory authority
Delete Personal Information processed under your consent if it is withdrawn, when applicable
Request information about public and private entities with which we shared your Personal Information
Request information about the possibility of not providing consent and about the consequences of doing so
Withdraw your consent, where applicable
Request information about with whom we share your Personal Information
Object to processing activities that violates LGPD’s provisions
Before responding to any of your requests, we may ask you to provide us with some information to confirm your identity. We will only respond to your request after validating your identity.
Please also note that these rights are not absolute and may not apply in certain circumstances. For example, we may continue to process and retain Personal Information regardless of your request to delete, object, block or anonymize it, to comply with legal, contractual and/or regulatory obligations, and to protect and exercise rights, including in judicial, administrative and arbitration proceedings, and as otherwise required by law. To exercise your rights or ask questions, you can contact us by completing this
Customer Support Form
. To appeal a decision about your privacy rights, please contact our Brazilian Data Protection Officer by emailing
privacy@roblox.com
, or otherwise reaching out to us as described in Section 1.
DE - Roblox-Datenschutz- und Cookie-Richtlinie 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
EN - Roblox Privacy and Cookie Policy 20250314.pdf
400 KB
Download
ES - Política de privacidad y de cookies de Roblox 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
FR - Politique de confidentialité et de cookies de Roblox 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
ID - Kebijakan Privasi dan Cookie Roblox 20250314.pdf
400 KB
Download
IT - Informativa sulla privacy e sui cookie di Roblox 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
JA - Roblox プライバシーおよびクッキーポリシー 20250314.pdf
1000 KB
Download
KO - Roblox 개인정보 처리방침 및 쿠키 정책 20250314.pdf
900 KB
Download
PT-BR - Política de Privacidade e de Cookies da Roblox 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
ZH-CN - Roblox 隐私和 Cookie 政策 20250314.pdf
900 KB
Download
ZH-TW - Roblox 隱私權和 Cookie 政策 20250314.pdf
1000 KB
Download
PL - Zasady ochrony prywatności i dotyczące plików cookie Roblox 20250314.pdf
700 KB
Download
TH - นโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวและคุกกี้ของ Roblox 20250314.pdf
700 KB
Download
TR - Roblox Gizlilik ve Çerez Politikası 20250314.pdf
600 KB
Download
VI - Chính sách Quyền riêng tư và Cookie của Roblox 20250314.pdf
1 MB
Download
NL - privacy- en cookiebeleid van Roblox 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
AR - سياسة الخصوصية وملف تعريف الارتباط الخاصة بـ Roblox 20250314.pdf
1 MB
Download
Related articles
Roblox Terms of Use
Roblox Community Standards
Content Maturity Labels
Roblox Accessibility Statement
Roblox Dictionary
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://en.help.roblox.com/hc/en-us/articles/115004630823-Roblox-Privacy-and-Cookie-Policy:
Skip to main content
Roblox Support
Parents, Safety, and Moderation
Legal Documents
Articles in this section
Roblox Terms of Use
Roblox Privacy and Cookie Policy
Roblox Community Standards
Roblox Dictionary
Developer Exchange Terms of Use
Roblox Name and Logo - Community Usage Guidelines
Roblox Biometric Privacy Notice
General Health Notice
Roblox Accessibility Statement
Restricted Content Policy
See more
Welcome to the Roblox Privacy Policy
Are you Under 13 or responsible for an under-13-year-old?
When we collect your information
Setting up a Roblox account
Purchases on Roblox
Posting content
Asking questions or getting technical support
Using Roblox features
Competitions, promotions and research
Advertising
If you’re a developer or creator
Other purposes for collecting your information
Cookies and similar technologies
On our corporate websites or in job applications
When we share your information
We may share Personal Information where necessary
We may disclose Personal Information to third parties
We may share information that does not identify you
We’re not responsible if you share your own Personal Information
Looking after your information
Security measures
We’ll tell you if your privacy is at risk
How long we keep your information
Where we store your information
Privacy Policy Changes and Updates
Additional information based on where you live
If you live in the United States
If you live in the Republic of Korea
If you live in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom (UK) or Switzerland
Categories of Personal Information and Data Processing Purposes
Automated Decision-Making
Personal Information of Children and Parental Consent
Data Sharing
Legal disclosure
Storage and international transfer of your Personal Information
Your rights as a Data Subject
If you live in Brazil
Categories of Personal Information and Data Processing Purposes
Automated Decision-Making
Personal Information of Children and Parental Consent
Data Sharing
Legal disclosure
Storage and international transfer of your Personal Information
Your rights as a Data Subject
Effective Date: March 14, 2025
You can also find the full Privacy Policy
here
.
Welcome to the Roblox Privacy Policy
Is this Privacy Policy for you?
If you make or play games in Roblox experiences, this Privacy Policy is for you, whatever your age and wherever you live. It’s also for parents or guardians of users under 13 years old. This Policy covers the Roblox
Services
.
What is in this Privacy Policy?
This policy describes the rights you have regarding your Personal Information. It explains that you can control what happens to the information that can identify you - like your name, where you live and your email address. In this Privacy Policy, we’ll also tell you when and how we use your information about you – including how we collect, record, organize, store and share it.
Depending on where you live, you may have different rights or choices for managing your Personal Information, which this Policy will describe later on. In the event of a conflict between the information in Sections 1-5 of this Policy and the location-specific information in Section 8, the information in Section 8 shall prevail.
Where does this Privacy Policy apply?
If you’re using Roblox, you’re in the right place. Here’s where you can learn about keeping your information safe. Using Roblox includes using:
websites with a roblox.com address
our mobile, virtual reality and console apps
the Roblox Player and the Roblox Studio
Other Roblox features described in this policy
But if you leave our services, this Privacy Policy no longer applies. We’re not responsible for what you see on other websites or apps or for their privacy policies, even if you’ve linked to them from our website or app. When you go to another site or app, we may show you a message telling you that you’re leaving Roblox.
To reach us with questions or requests regarding your Personal Information, our information about how to contact us is included below.
You can reach Roblox electronically by submitting a question through our
Customer Support Form
. If you’re under 13 years old, please have your parent or guardian fill out the form.
US:
Phone: (888) 858 - BLOX
Write to us at:
Roblox Corporation
Attn: Roblox Privacy Manager
Address: 3150 S. Delaware St.
San Mateo, California, 94403
privacy@roblox.com
EEA, UK or Switzerland:
If you’re in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom, or Switzerland: contact
roblox@gdpr-rep.com
(Our representative according to Articles 27 EU and UK GDPR in the European Union)
EEA:
DP-Dock GmbH
Attn: Roblox Corporation
Ballindamm 39 / Ecke Jungfernstieg
20095 Hamburg, Germany
UK:
DP Data Protection Services UK Ltd.
Attn: Roblox Corporation
16 Great Queen Street
Covent Garden, London, WC2B 5AH, United Kingdom
If you’re in Brazil, contact our Brazilian Data Protection Officer by emailing
privacy@roblox.com
.
If you’re in Korea, more information is located in the
Privacy Policy Addendum for Users in Republic of Korea
.
If you’re in the United States, additional rules may apply depending on the state you live in. To learn more about the rights available to you under US state laws please visit the the
US State Privacy Policy Addendum
.
Before moving on to the rest of the Privacy Policy, when you see certain terms in this Policy, some of them have specific meanings.
“Children” or “Child” means any user under the age of 13
“Minor” or “minor user” means a user of the Services who is under the legal age of majority in their jurisdiction or state of residence
“Personal Information” means any information relating to a natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, or an online identifier
“Platform” means our Roblox platform, the ultimate virtual universe where imagination rules
“Privacy Policy” or “Policy” means this Roblox Privacy Policy
“Processing” means any operation which is performed on Personal Information, such as collecting, recording, organizing, structuring, storing, adapting or making any kind of disclosure or other use
“Service” means any service or application offered by Roblox, such as allowing users to develop Platform experiences, connect with others, and use content created by you and other users. It includes websites on the roblox.com domain, our Roblox mobile, virtual reality and consoles, the Roblox Player, the Roblox Studio, and our other websites, products, software, applications, content, data feeds and other services on which an authorized link to this Policy is posted
Any other capitalized term that is not defined in this Policy is defined and has the meaning set out the
Roblox Dictionary
. In the event of a material or perceived conflict between the English version of this Policy and translations into other languages, the English version shall control.
Are you Under 13 or responsible for an under-13-year-old?
If you’re under 13 years old, your access to certain features will be restricted in the interest of protecting your Personal Information. Roblox is especially committed to protecting the privacy of children. This part of the privacy policy is just for you.
First, get the go-ahead
If you’re under 13 years old, please get permission from your parent or guardian to use Roblox. You shouldn’t use our Services without their go-ahead.
Set limits
No matter how old you are, Roblox communication settings allow you to control who can interact with you, for example, by only allowing interactions with friends or not allowing any interactions at all. You can also restrict your account, which turns off chat and public commenting and limits an account to certain filtered experiences on Roblox.
Parents and guardians – we recommend you supervise your child whenever they’re interacting on Roblox. We’ve got some tools to help – you can learn about Roblox’s safety features
here
.
Age-appropriate privacy settings
If you’re under 13 years old, we’ll automatically set your account to have stronger privacy settings. While in this privacy mode, some features like social media plug-ins and certain advertising and alerts are disabled. When you turn 13, you will be able to enable additional features that are more appropriate for users ages 13 and up.
Information we collect if you’re under 13 years old
If you’re under 13 years old and create an account, we ask for some information (which is non-personal information,
as defined by COPPA
) to let you use Roblox.
We’ll collect:
your username (required). We need this to create your account and run the Roblox Service. We don’t use your username to identify you outside of Roblox
your password (required). We need this to log you in to your account and to run the Roblox Service
your date of birth (required). We’ll use this information to make sure your account has certain default settings intended for your age
your gender (optional). We will use this information to customize your experience
For additional account security and parental controls, you have the option to provide a parent’s or guardian’s email address in account settings or during logout. Children are encouraged to provide a parent’s email address, but are not required to do so to create an account. Parent email addresses (which is the only personal information
as defined by COPPA
we collect from child accounts) are collected for the security and integrity of your account and the Roblox platform. We may use your parent’s email address to log you in. We may also use your parent’s email address to communicate with them about your account, like asking them to review your account.
We don’t want more Personal Information
If you’re under 13 years old, we will only ask you to tell us the information we need to set up or protect your account. If you give us more of your Personal Information, we will:
delete any additional Personal Information we’ve collected from you (unless the law requires us to keep it),
cancel your account, or
turn on age-appropriate protections on your account
When users publish anything in our public and comment areas (for example, chat, forums, group walls, personal posts), we filter it and remove:
Personal Information like addresses, emails, phone numbers
attempts at phishing (this is when someone tries to trick you into giving out Personal Information)
offensive words, adult or suggestive content
To provide the filtering above, we use human and automated checking to the best of our ability based on available technology – but like all filtering technology, these systems aren’t 100% effective.
Please ask us if you want to make privacy-related changes
You can request that Roblox make changes to your child’s account or allow you to review, delete, or prevent the further collection or use of Personal Information from you or your child. To make a request, please fill out our
Customer Support Form
.
In the US and want to know more?
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). To learn more about COPPA, you can visit the US Federal Trade Commission’s COPPA website:
https://www.ftc.gov/news-events/topics/protecting-consumer-privacy-security/kids-privacy-coppa
You can also learn more about COPPA by looking at this simple guide from the kidSAFE Seal Program –
www.kidsafeseal.com/knowaboutcoppa.html
When we collect your information
Setting up a Roblox account
Your first step to joining a Roblox experience is to set up a Roblox account. We’ll ask you to create a unique username and password so you can log into your account and access features on Roblox. We also ask you for your birthday and gender (gender is optional) so we can customize your experience on Roblox. Eligible users may set their account's display name to contain certain Personal Information.
Three key rules for signing up:
Do not use your own name or other Personal Information in your username.
Do not pick a password that’s easy to guess.
You may share your password with your parent or guardian, but do not share it with others.
We don’t use your username to identify you outside of your activity on Roblox.
Why we ask you for an email address:
Once you have an account, you can add your email address (or your parents’ or guardians’ email address if you are under 13) in case you need to reset your password.
We might ask for your email to verify your identity or enable additional features. The main reason we need an email address is for security because it is how we check to make sure accounts are authentic. You can change your email address anytime you want – if an email address is changed, we’ll send a notification email to the address that you used before.
If you have a 13+ account and change your birthday to indicate you are under age 13, Roblox will save a hash of your email address and any email addresses previously collected from you. This hash cannot be reconstructed back into your email address or used to contact you, and will only be used to authenticate you in the future.
Sharing your phone number
If you choose to give a phone number, we’ll send you a text message asking you to confirm your number before you can log in. We will use your phone number for security and account access, including to recover a lost or forgotten password, access a feature, or log in via mobile. You authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Roblox or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud.
Additionally, with your explicit and informed consent, we may use your phone number to recommend you as a friend to others using Roblox. You will be recommended with your contact name as stored on your friends’ devices, which may also include your real name. If you do not want us to use your phone number to be found by your friends on Roblox, please do not activate this feature or deactivate it at any time. Please note that the Discoverability feature may not be available in certain locations.
We do not ask for your phone number if you are under 13.
Purchases on Roblox
You can buy virtual currency (Robux) or premium subscriptions and choose how to pay from our available payment methods. When you pay, you (or your parent or guardian if you’re under 13) will have to give billing information, including Personal Information such as:
Name of the person responsible for buying virtual currency
Their billing address and contact details, like email or phone number
credit card or other payment information
Our payment processors (for example, PayPal) manage the transactions, which are subject to their terms and conditions and privacy policies. Their policies will explain what Personal Information they keep and use. For example, they might keep and use your billing information, transaction details, and purchase history so that they can sort out any billing problems or inquiries. Roblox receives certain information about purchases in order to fulfill our legal obligations and ensure the integrity of our platform.
You can choose to save your billing information with one of our payment processors to make future purchases easier, in that case, Roblox does not store or have access to your full saved billing information. If you purchase Robux on behalf of another Roblox user, we collect contact information, such as email or phone number, in order to communicate with you about the transaction.
Posting content
You can post comments, messages, or other content on Roblox through chats, forums, group walls, personal posts, or other features. Users who are age 13 or older can also use voice chat on Roblox. We monitor what you say and write to check that it meets our Community Standards and complies with our Terms of Use. If we find that the content doesn’t meet our standards, for example, if we believe that it is inappropriate, includes Personal Information, or is not suitable for users to have on Roblox, we have the right to change or remove it. Where the law allows us to, we may use the content you and other users have posted for training or to help us to improve the way we filter content on our platform. Our aim is to increase safety on our platform. We also may use this data to help us provide a better experience on Roblox and to respond to requests about your account from you or your parent or legal guardian.
Asking questions or getting technical support
We collect your email address (or your parents’ or guardians’ email address if you are under 13), username, and any other details you give when you:
contact customer support
report a problem
ask for technical support
ask us questions or give us comments
We use this information to answer your questions and to give you the support or help you ask for. For users under 13, we communicate with your parent or guardian when sending our responses. We retain records of technical support questions for a limited time for internal use only, such as to answer additional questions about your account.
Using Roblox features
We may use Personal Information when you use certain Roblox features. To provide access to certain features, we may use your email address and other information you provide to us, such as your verified date of birth.
Third-party features such as social media add-ons (users 13 and older)
You can use third-party features like social media widgets, share buttons, and login features. These features may include social plugins from Google, Facebook, Twitter, or other platforms. In these cases, the third party’s terms, conditions and privacy policies apply.
When you use these features:
we may be able to access or use information on your social media accounts
information about how you use Roblox may be shared posted on your profile on those platforms
If you use your Roblox ID to sign in to a non-Roblox website or service, and later delete your Roblox account, you may lose access to that website or service.
Voice-based services (users 13 and older)
If you use Roblox’s voice services, we will monitor, collect, use, and store your voice recordings to:
enable voice services
make our voice-related services safer, including to detect and combat abuse and other harmful activity on our Services
If you use voice services on Roblox, we may use voice recordings to inform training and product improvement in accordance with applicable law. For more information about laws that apply in your region, please visit Section 7 of this policy.
We will not use your voice recording with private server voice-chat recordings of EEA and Brazilian users for training or product improvement.
Location-based Services (users 13 and older)
You can choose to use location-based Services if you’re 13 or older. If you agree, we may collect and track geolocation information so that we can offer Services that depend on us knowing where you are. We collect location at the country or region level; we do not collect precise geolocation data. Examples are personalizing content or advertising.
We collect this information by using an identifier on your device or browser so that we can recognize you each time you return. To stop us collecting your location information, you can update your device settings, stop using the Service, or uninstall our mobile apps.
Joining on a VR platform
If you join our experiences on a VR platform, we collect your physical movement information so that we can use it in the experience. This information is only used to provide the experience.We do not store this information.
Camera-enabled features and uploads (users 13 and older)
If you use Roblox features that require the use of your camera or that enable you to upload content that contains your Personal Information, including photos, we will collect, process, and store that content to accomplish the purpose of the feature, including processing the content for safety purposes. Video used to generate animation key frames is processed on your device and is not shared with Roblox or any third parties. For more information, please refer to the
Roblox Facial Animation Privacy Policy
. For information about how Roblox uses ID Verification, please refer to the
Roblox Biometric Privacy Notice
.
Contact Importer (users 13 and older)
If you opt-in to the Contact Importer feature, you will share the first and last names and phone numbers of your contacts in your address book on your mobile phone with Roblox. This feature helps connect with your friends on our Service. If you use the feature, we will automatically access and collect information in your address book from time to time in order to sync your contacts. Such information will only be retained in case of matches with existing Roblox users. Our Contact Importer feature is only available if you are 13 or older and may not be available in certain locations.
Creator Events (users 13 and older)
If you join a virtual event hosted by a Creator, data such as your username, email, and Roblox user ID may be shared with the company that hosts the events. This is done to allow you to log in to the experience. Your activity during a Creator Event is subject to the third party platform’s privacy policy as well as the Roblox Community Standards. Creator events are only available if you are 13 or older.
Interacting with our experiences
To improve your experience and ensure safety, we collect information about how you interact with the Services and we connect this information with your account. For example, we may:
collect information from your game state to detect violations of our Terms and to improve our ability to detect such violations.
collect information about your behavior when you interact with your device for security and safety purposes
collect information about the games you are playing to give you similar recommendations
share information like your username and transaction details to the UGC creator or subsequent owners, if you acquire a limited item if you purchase, share, trade, or otherwise engage in a transaction involving UGC,
collect information from your device through cookies - see “Cookies and Similar Technologies”.
Subscribing to other features (users 13 and older)
When you subscribe to other features or activities that are available to users 13 years old or older, we’ll set out what information is collected and how we intend to use it when the information is collected.
Competitions, promotions and research
Taking part in competitions or promotions
If you take part in competitions or promotions, for example, contests, sweepstakes, giveaways or prize draws, those activities may require contact information such as your name, email, or phone number, to be eligible for discounts or prizes. If you receive a gift card provided by a third party provider, certain contact information may be shared with the provider and used in accordance with this Policy and the terms listed on the provider’s website. In some places in the world, the law requires us to publicly share information about the winners.
Taking part in research
If you choose to participate in research or surveys, these surveys may collect information about your likes and dislikes, experience interests and habits, general hobbies and interests, and other lifestyle information or preferences. These surveys may ask for Personal Information.
Advertising
To market Roblox’s Service to new and existing users, we use Personal Information like:
IP addresses
information on users’ browsers or operating systems, including language settings and general location information
usernames or user IDs
If you choose to create an Ad Account, we may collect additional information to create your account such as name, email, address, business and/or tax information. The purpose of collecting this information is to provide the ad account and comply with applicable laws, including tax laws.
We do not collect or use Personal Information about users under the age of 13 for advertising or marketing purposes.
If you’re a developer or creator
To take part in the Roblox Developer Exchange Program, you must give us an IRS W-9 form (for U.S. taxpayers) or W-8 form (for non-U.S. taxpayers). We may also ask you to verify your identity by providing a government-issued photo ID through a third-party vendor. This feature is only available to users who are 13 or over. For more information, please visit our
Developer Exchange Terms of Use
.
Other purposes for collecting your information
We also use Personal Information for these general purposes, as permitted by law, in addition to the purposes listed above:
To let you manage your account and our services
To allow you to manage your Roblox account or update your settings
To communicate with you about our Services
To make things better for you
To operate, maintain, personalize, and improve our Service
To research relevant technologies
To provide technical support or customer service
To protect you by keeping our platform safe and secure
To detect security issues, protect against malicious, deceptive or illegal activity, and prosecute anyone responsible for that activity
To find and fix errors or bugs
To give you access to features or limit your access to Roblox, as appropriate
To protect our or our users’ integrity, safety or security
To comply with the law and our policies
To audit interactions and transactions, and carry out any other compliance tasks
To comply with the law and our own Terms of Use, or any other restrictions we’ve put on your use of the Service
You are under no obligation to provide Personal Information to Roblox when requested. However, if you choose to withhold any requested information, we may not be able to provide you with certain services and features.
Cookies and similar technologies
Information collected through cookies
Like most websites, we use cookies and other standard internet technologies to help us make our services better.
Cookies
A cookie is a text file that’s put on your computer or device when you visit a website. It lets the website remember what you do and any settings you choose (e.g., login information, language, font size). Cookies make your experience more convenient – for example, if the cookie remembers your log-in details, you won’t have to enter them again each time you visit the site. Some cookies last longer than others:
Session cookies are deleted each time you close the browser
Persistent cookies stay on the device for a defined period of time.
A cookie set by the owner of the web server you are visiting is called a first-party cookie and cookies set by owners of other domains are called third-party cookies.
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons
A pixel tag or web beacon is a piece of code that tells its owner what you do on a web page. Pixel tags provide information like which web pages you visited or which ads you clicked on.
How we use cookies
We use technology like cookies to recognize you and customize your experience. We and any third-parties might use these technologies whenever you visit our sites or use our Services.
We collect information about the devices and software you use, for example:
the type of browser or device
the website or source that linked or referred you to our services
your IP address, device ID or other identifier that identifies your computer or mobile device – this cookie is not deleted when you close your browser
the operating system of your computer or device
These technologies allow us to:
record and keep your preferences, account settings, and certain login information (for your convenience, e.g. to prevent you from needing to choose settings every time you visit, and security)
collect information about how you use the Services, for example, how you downloaded our app or where you downloaded it from
collect information on how software is used on your mobile device
collect information about what features you use and how well our services work
identify any suspicious activities so we can try to protect users from payment fraud and other inappropriate activities
collect demographic information (eg, age, location, etc)
perform similar functions.
We use cookies or similar technologies only for the purposes given in this privacy policy.
Your cookie rights in the EEA
When you visit our website with an EEA IP address, a cookie banner will appear asking you for your consent. You can manage your choice by clicking on “manage cookie preferences” in the cookie banner. We will save your choices in the form of a cookie. This cookie has a limited effective period of one year. For more information, see Section 7 below.
Third-party advertising companies
We partner with third-party advertising companies such as ad server companies and ad networks. If you interact with content or reach Roblox through a link in an advertisement, we or our service providers may give these third-party advertising companies identifiers from your device, such as an IP address or device ID. We collect this information to help us to promote and market our Services better.
For users under 13 years old, Roblox partners with third-party advertising companies:
to display contextual advertising that is based on the content of the game you play
to limit how much advertising is shown to you if you’re under 13 years old
to provide related uses permitted by COPPA.
If you’re under 13 years old, Roblox will not show these types of advertising to you:
behaviorally targeted ads – these are ads that are shown according to a user’s behavior on a website or app
retargeted ads – these are ads that are sent after a user starts a purchasing process but does not finish it. The ad tries to get the user to finish the purchase.
We do not collect any information from users under 13 years old for the purposes of directing targeted advertising.
Your cookie choices
For Roblox.com, click on the link in the footer at the bottom of the page to access your cookie options. For all other sites, please clear your cookies and refresh your browser to display the cookie banner to access its settings.
Most web and mobile device browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser settings so that cookies are not accepted or you are warned before a cookie is set.
Use information from browser companies to learn more about how they manage cookies:
Google Chrome:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-GB
,
Microsoft Edge:
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/delete-cookies-in-microsoft-edge-63947406-40ac-c3b8-57b9-2a946a29ae09
,
Mozilla Firefox:
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer
,
Safari (Desktop):
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042?locale=en_US
,
Safari (Mobile):
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201265
,
Android Browser:
https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/54068
,
Opera:
https://www.opera.com/help
.
You can also learn more about cookies by visiting
https://www.allaboutcookies.org/
, which also tells you how to block or delete cookies that are already on your device.
By blocking or deleting cookies used, you might limit your experience of the Service. You might not be able to log in or experience the Roblox.
When you visit our website with an EEA IP address, a cookie banner will appear asking you for your consent. You can manage your choice by clicking on “manage cookie preferences” in the cookie banner. We will save your choices in the form of a cookie. This cookie has a limited effective period of one year. For more details see Section 7 below.
To stop companies from tracking you on their websites
You can ask us or a third party to disable advertising-related tracking on our websites. To disable this tracking, we or the third party may need to set an opt-out cookie on your browser. You may need to change your browser settings to accept cookies if you want to fully disable advertising-related tracking. Please note that our Services do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
On our corporate websites or in job applications
The parts of this privacy policy that are about experiences or give information about users under 13 years old don’t apply to the corporate websites.
If you contact us about job opportunities, we may ask for your name, email address and employment details. Or you may send us a CV or job application with this information. We have the right to use this information to send you corporate-related information to you or respond to your job application. If you engage with Roblox in an immersive space for prospective employees, such as the Roblox Career Center, such a space may be recorded in order to provide the experience.
Our corporate websites give general company information to any user that visits them – they use the domain names, corp.roblox.com, blog.roblox.com, and their subdomains. On these sites, we give information about the corporate side of Roblox, press information, career information, and other general audience information. Our corporate websites do not offer any experiences.
When we share your information
We may share Personal Information where necessary
When other companies need Personal Information to provide a service on our behalf
We may share your information, including Personal Information, with other companies (known as third-party agents, contractors, or service providers). We hire these companies to perform services for us. These companies are only allowed to use the information we share to complete the relevant tasks. They are not allowed to use the information we share for any other purpose, including selling Personal Information. We make sure that all companies that we share information with are capable of looking after the information properly. Personal Information collected through the SMS program, won’t be shared, sold or rented to third parties.
Here are examples of the services that we might rely on other companies to provide, and examples of the companies that we are likely to share information with.
Account integrity and security services (e.g., Veriff, Persona, Arkose Labs);
Analytics services (e.g., Google LLC);
User acquisition services (e.g., AppsFlyer);
Community filtering and moderation services;
Customer support services (e.g., Zendesk);
Surveys and promotions (e.g., Reach3);
Social media log-in services (e.g., SAP Customer Data Cloud);
Billing and payment services (e.g., Kount, Worldpay, PayPal, Incomm, Blackhawk, Google, Apple, Amazon, Windows Store, Xbox, Playstation, Meta Quest, Xsolla)
Hosting and content delivery services (eg, AWS, Equinix, CenturyLink, YouTube, Vimeo).
When creators need Personal Information to improve your experience
The creators of the experiences you use or content you interact with will have access to your username, display name, user ID, game metrics, UGC transaction details, and your regional location (which we base on your IP address). We do not share your IP address with the creators.
We provide creators with the regional location of players to determine their player base and make sure their experiences meet the legal requirements of the country you live in.
For legal reasons or to help prevent a crime
We may share your Personal Information, as permitted or required by law, if:
necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process served on Roblox
law enforcement agencies, regulators, or other public agencies (including schools or children's services) request that we share it
we believe that disclosing the information may prevent a crime
we believe it is necessary to protect our legal rights or the legal rights of others
a law requires us to share it
To help ensure safety and security
We may share your Personal Information if we believe that sharing would:
help an investigation into public safety or a violation of our Terms of Use
protect the safety of Roblox users or others
reduce risk to user safety or security, or if collaborating with others is necessary to protect users
help to protect the security or integrity of our Services
If we need to protect ourselves against legal responsibility
We may share your information if we believe that disclosing the information will allow us to take precautions against taking legal responsibility (liability) or to protect our rights.
If there is a transfer of rights in our business e.g., if we sell our business
We may hand over rights to access your information, including Personal Information:
as part of a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, or similar transaction
if information is handed over as a business asset in an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership
Where required by law, we will notify you and ask you to consent to such sharing.
We may disclose Personal Information to third parties
For Advertising Purposes
Roblox may disclose information collected from or about you with third-party advertising companies and/or advertising measurement companies to select advertisements for you, or measure and improve advertising effectiveness. In accordance with applicable law, we provide our users with choices about whether data is disclosed for this purpose. Data disclosed for this purpose includes:
Contact Identifiers
Characteristics or demographics
Device identifiers
You can exercise choices about data processing for this purpose by visiting your account’s
privacy settings page
. Depending on where you live, you may have additional rights that apply. For region-specific information, please visit Section 7 of this policy. Disclosing data for the purposes described in this Section may be considered a “sale” or “share” of personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act. California residents can find more information about your rights in the
US State Privacy Policy Addendum
. We do not collect any information from users under 13 years old for the purposes of directing targeted advertising.
Roblox Commerce
If you directly interact with a Commerce Provider to purchase a Commerce Product(s) on Roblox, Roblox and the Commerce Provider may need to exchange information about your purchase in order to fulfill the transaction. This involves Roblox or the Commerce Provider creating a transaction identifier that allows each party to confirm certain information about the transaction, such as whether a purchase has been completed. Any information you provide directly to the Commerce Provider in order to complete a transaction is independently collected by the Commerce Provider and will be subject to the Commerce Provider’s applicable terms and policies.
We may share information that does not identify you
In some circumstances, we share data that doesn’t identify you, for example:
To comply with reporting requirements
For any business or marketing purposes
To help us and others understand how, when, and why users visit our sites and use Roblox.
We may share non-identifying data of all users regardless of their age.
We’re not responsible if you share your own Personal Information
If you’re 13 years old or over, you can share your Personal Information through chat, forums, messages or similar ways of sharing on our Service. Remember that anyone who uses these features will be able to see anything you share in this way. We are not responsible for how your Personal Information is used if you shared it yourself.
Looking after your information
Security measures
We have security measures that are intended to protect any Personal Information or other sensitive information under our control from loss, misuse, or alteration. Though we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of information will never occur, we use reasonable efforts to prevent it.
Sending or storing information on the Internet is not 100% secure, so we can’t guarantee the security of any information you share with us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
We’ll tell you if your privacy is at risk
We may send you emails or other messages about security, privacy, and account management. If we learn about an incident that may qualify as a data breach under the law, we will notify you in accordance with the law.
How long we keep your information
We may keep your Personal Information for specific purposes as long as we need it to fulfill those purposes, sometimes even if you’ve stopped using Roblox’s Services. When we no longer require your Personal Information, we will de-identify or delete the information. Here are the reasons we may need to keep your information:
For resolving problems
We keep billing information and transaction histories so that we can resolve billing disputes or inquiries.
We keep user account history to solve any customer service issues and to provide, improve, and develop our service.
To make our services safer
We may keep information if it will help us make our Service safer and more secure, such as to stop bad actors who try to misuse Roblox.
For legal reasons
We may keep information for legal reasons, like establishing legal defenses, conducting audits, pursuing legitimate business purposes, enforcing our agreements, exercising our rights, or complying with legal obligations.
Letting other users keep your information
Other users may keep publicly shared content and virtual items on our platform (e.g., if you create a virtual shirt and then sell it to another user, the virtual shirt will be kept on the platform because the other user now possesses it).
Where we store your information
Roblox is based in the United States. We send information we collect from you to our secure servers in the U.S. where we store and use it. This storage is necessary for us to process the information.
We may also transfer information that we collect from you to our other offices and to the third parties mentioned in Section 4 of this Policy – these might be outside your region. Our agents or contractors may also use your information. The data protection laws of the U.S. or other countries may not be equivalent to those where you live.
Wherever we transfer your Personal Information, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected. If required by applicable legislation, we rely on a valid international data transfer mechanism to enable cross-border data transfers.
Privacy Policy Changes and Updates
We update this Privacy Policy at times, so you should review this page regularly. We always publish the date of the latest version at the bottom of this page.
If we make any major changes, we will let you know by email (if we have your email address or a parent’s or legal guardian’s email address) or by showing a prominent notice on this website or in app prior to the change becoming effective. If required by law, we will obtain your consent or the consent of a parent or legal guardian if any of these changes involve new material uses of your Personal Information not previously disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
Additional information based on where you live
If you live in certain regions, you may have additional choices about your Personal Information or rights that apply to data processing. This section contains additional information based on where you live.
If you want to exercise your rights or make another request about your Personal Information, or if you want us to make another request about your Personal Information, please fill in the Customer Support Form. If you’re under 13 years old, please have your parent or guardian fill out the form.
If you live in the United States
If you live in the United States, please visit our US State Privacy Policy Addendum for more information.
If you live in the Republic of Korea
If you’re in Korea, more information is located in the Privacy Policy Addendum for Users in Republic of Korea.
If you live in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom (UK) or Switzerland
Categories of Personal Information and Data Processing Purposes
In the course of visiting our websites and apps, and/or using our services and products, we may process the following Personal Information subject to the legal bases mentioned below:
Setting up a Roblox account
Username and password to create your account. The basis for processing this personal data is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
Email addresses and other information you provided us with for added verification and/or to enable certain features. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) and f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. Roblox has a legitimate interest in providing a safe and secure Service, especially to protect children.
If you choose to provide a phone number, we will use the phone number for security and account access purposes, which will allow you to log in via mobile and recover a lost or forgotten password. You authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Roblox or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”) and f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in enabling you to use our Services via your mobile device, ensuring security, and preventing fraud. Additionally, with your explicit and informed consent, we may use your phone number to recommend you as a friend to others using Roblox. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR (“consent”).
Purchases on Roblox
Billing and payment information, when you participate in Developer Exchange or purchase virtual currency or premium subscriptions on behalf of yourself or another user, including your name, billing address, credit card or other payment information and billing information. You may choose to save information such as your credit card number through a third-party payment provider; in such cases the information is not stored by Roblox; it is stored with the third-party partner. If you purchase Robux on behalf of another Roblox user, we collect contact information, such as email or phone number, in order to communicate with you about the transaction. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”). We may also retain transaction details and purchase and payment history. The legal basis for processing these personal data is our legitimate interest in being able to resolve subsequent billing disputes and inquiries, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”).
Posting content
Comments or messages you post or transmit on Roblox via public chats, forums, group walls, personal post, etc. We process this information to monitor, filter and moderate this information for the purposes of being able to remove profanity, Personal Information, and other inappropriate conversations. Additionally, we may use pre-filtered comments and messages for other purposes such as training and improving our filter technology. The legal basis for this processing activity is Roblox’s legitimate interest in being able to defend ourselves from possible liability claims that may arise from unlawful comments posted by you, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”). Please note that any Personal Information submitted by you in forums and similar means offered by us is available to anyone who has access to this forum including other users. The Personal Information posted by you can be read, collected or used by other users of these forums and could be used to send unsolicited messages.
Asking questions or getting technical support
Information relating to contacting our customer service, e.g. when you report a problem, submit questions, concerns or comments. We may process your email address, your name and information relating to your inquiry or concern in order to respond to your communications, fulfill your requests, or provide other customer support. This processing activity is based on Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”), depending on the initial purpose for contacting our customer support.
Using Roblox Features
Information relating to your use of or interaction with third party plug-ins, e.g. social plugins from Google, Facebook or Twitter. When you use these features, certain information from your social media accounts may be accessed by or shared with Roblox, and likewise, certain information about your use of Roblox may be posted to your profile on those platforms. The legal bases for this processing activity are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f (“legitimate interest”). If you use your Roblox credentials to sign in to a third-party website or service, and later delete your Roblox account, you may lose access to such third-party website or service.
When you use voice based services from Roblox, we will collect, process and store your voice recording to enable voice services and make our voice-related services safer. We will not engage in training or product improvement with private server voice chat recordings of EEA users. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) GDPR and Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f (“legitimate interest”). With your consent, we will use voice recordings to inform training and product improvement. The basis for processing this personal data for training and product improvement is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a (“consent”).
When you request or agree to location-based services (users 13 years old and older), we may collect and track geolocation information so that we can offer services that depend on us knowing where you are. Examples are personalizing content or advertising. We collect this information by using an identifier on your device or browser so that we can recognize you each time you return. To stop us collecting your location information, you can update your device settings, stop using the service, or uninstall our mobile apps. The basis for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
If you join our experiences on a VR platform, we will collect your physical movement information in order to replicate your movement in the experience. This information is only used to provide the Service and is not stored. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
If you join a virtual event hosted by a Creator, data such as your username, email, and Roblox user ID may be shared with the third-party platform that hosts events. Such data is used to allow you to log in to the experience. Your activity during a Creator Event is subject to the third party platform’s privacy policy as well as the
Roblox Community Standards
. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) to join an event and f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR to ensure the security and integrity of our service.
Information required for additional features that require the use of your camera or upload content, including photos, that contains your Personal Information. If you decide to use these features and upload content that require the use of your camera or upload content that contains your Personal Information, we will collect, process, and store that content only for as long as needed to accomplish the purpose of the feature. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”). For certain uploads, Roblox processes data you upload on the basis of consent, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a (“consent”). For more information, please refer to the
Roblox Facial Animation Privacy Policy
.
Information required for other features or activities, which may be available to our users other than children. We may offer other features or activities on our Services from time to time, and you may be able to submit or upload Personal Information in connection with such features. The data being collected for such features and their intended uses will be evident at the time of data collection. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
If you opt-in to the Contact Importer feature, you consent to sharing with Roblox the first and last names and phone numbers of your contacts in your address book on your mobile phone, either at the time you register for our Service or otherwise. We do so to help you connect with your friends on our Service. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”).
Interacting with our experiences. To improve your experience and ensure safety, we collect information about how you interact with the Services and we connect this information with your account. For example, we may collect information from a user's game state to detect violations of our Terms and to improve our ability to detect such violations; collect information about your behavior when you interact with your device for security and safety purposes; collect information from your search history to give you similar recommendations; share information like your username and transaction details to the UGC creator or subsequent owners, if you acquire a limited item if you purchase, share, trade, or otherwise engage in a transaction involving UGC. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) and f (“legitimate interest”). We may use data collected from your interaction with our experiences for safety or moderation purposes on the basis of Article 6 sec. 1 sent.1 lit. f ("legitimate interest").
Competitions, promotions, and research
When you respond to or participate in voluntary research or surveys or studies. These surveys may collect information about your likes and dislikes, experience interests and habits, general hobbies and interests, and other lifestyle information or preferences. These surveys may ask for Personal Information. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR (“consent”).
Information relating to your participation in contests, competitions, sweepstakes, giveaways, prize draws or other promotions that we may run on our Service or sponsor from time to time. We may process certain contact information (such as your name, email address, and/or phone number) for prize fulfillment purposes, as well as other information or content needed for the specific promotion. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”).
Advertising
To market our services, inter alia, via social media platforms in order to bring new users to our websites and to maintain and increase our user base, we may process Personal Information such as IP addresses, information on users’ browser or operating system, including language settings, regional location information and user names or user IDs. To the extent these practices involve the processing of Personal Information, the legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR (“consent”).
When you choose to create an Ad Account, we may collect additional information for your account (such as name, email, address, business information, etc.) in order to create an account. The basis for processing this personal data is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”). We may also retain transaction details and purchase and payment history. The legal basis for processing these personal data is our legitimate interest in being able to resolve subsequent disputes and inquiries, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”).
If you’re a developer or creator
Information required for participating in our Roblox Developer Exchange Program, like the IRS W-9 form (for U.S. taxpayers) or W-8 form (for non-U.S. taxpayers). The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 sec.1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”) with regard to U.S. law requirements. It is our legitimate interest to comply with the legal requirements, especially with regard to U.S. anti-money laundering laws.
Other purposes for collecting your information
Login information, which may include your IP address, device type, username, password, date and time of your visit, information on your browser version, information on your operating system, including language settings, MAC addresses, and User ID. We will process this information to provide you with our Service. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) and lit. f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. It is in our legitimate interest to guarantee the Services’ stability and security.
Account information, e.g. information such as your name, username, login and password details, regional location information, user-generated content, contact details that you choose to provide to us, and other Personal Information that are used for participating in the Service we are offering. We process this information to provide our Services to you. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”).
Cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies. Some of these cookies are necessary for the basic functioning of the website and therefore cannot be deactivated. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”) and Art. 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”) because we have a legitimate interest to guarantee the Services’ stability and security. We will use optional cookies only if you have previously consented to such use. When you visit our website with an EEA IP address, a cookie banner will appear asking you for your consent. You can manage your choice by clicking on “manage cookie preferences” in the cookie banner. We will save your choices in the form of a cookie. This cookie has a limited effective period of one year. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR (“consent”). In addition, you can also manage cookies using your browser settings. For further information on cookies and similar technologies see Section 3 above.
On our corporate websites or in job applications
Information relating to a job application made by you, like your name, email address, employment details, CV, resume or other details of your employment history sent by you. We will process this information to process and respond to your job application. If you engage with Roblox in an immersive space for prospective employees, such as the Roblox Career Center, such a space may be recorded in order to provide the experience. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“necessary for entering into an employment contract with us”).
Automated Decision-Making
Please note that we do not use your Personal Information for automated decision making which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
Personal Information of Children and Parental Consent
Please note that when users under the age of 13 register for the Service, their account is automatically set to privacy-protective settings by default. This means that these users will not have access to certain features, such as social media plug-ins, some forms of third party advertising, and certain types of notification alerts.
When a child creates an account on Roblox, we may process a username, password, birthdate, and gender (gender is optional). Separate from account creation, users may optionally provide a parent email address. We process this information to give the user access to the Service and to communicate with the parent about the child’s account (if a parent email was provided). For example, we may use the parent’s email to send an email notification about the child’s account and an invitation for the parent to review the account and update settings. We may use the birthdate the child provides when signing up for the Service to determine which features on Roblox the child should have access to and to determine when the child will turn 13 years old and can be given broader access to features on our Service. This processing activity is based on Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”). In general, we will not use or share account information (including Personal Information) from a child’s account except for the permissible purposes stated in this Privacy Policy, and, if required by law, only with the prior verifiable consent of a parent or legal guardian (Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a and Article 8 sec. 1 GDPR).
Data Sharing
Roblox may share users’ information, including Personal Information like billing information or usernames, with our third-party agents, contractors, or service providers who are hired to perform services on Roblox’s behalf.
These providers may operate or support certain functions of the Service. Below is an illustrative list of functions for which we may use third party service providers and the names of the providers we may use to perform these functions:
Account Integrity and Security (e.g., Veriff, Persona, Arkose Labs);
Analytics services (e.g., Google LLC);
User Acquisition services (e.g., AppsFlyer);
Community filtering and moderation services;
Customer support services (e.g., Zendesk);
Surveys and promotions (e.g., Reach3);
Social Media Log-in (e.g., SAP Customer Data Cloud);
Billing services and payment gateway providers (e.g., Kount, Worldpay, PayPal, Incomm, Blackhawk, Google, Apple, Amazon, Windows Store, Xbox, Playstation, Meta Quest, Xsolla); and
Hosting and content delivery network services (e.g., AWS, Equinix, CenturyLink, YouTube, Vimeo).
The legal basis for this data transfer and processing activity is Article 28 of GDPR in conjunction with the data processing agreements we concluded with respective third-party agents. These agents and contractors are only allowed to use the information shared with them only for the specific tasks they’ve been hired to do and consistent with this Privacy Policy, and for no other purposes. Roblox takes steps to ensure that all service providers with access to Personal Information are capable of protecting the information we share with them.
Further, the creators of the experiences you use or content you interact with will have access to your username, display name, user ID, game metrics, UGC transaction details, and your regional location (which we base on your IP address). We do not share your IP address with the creators. We provide creators with the regional location of players to determine their player base and make sure their experiences meet the legal requirements of the country you live in. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”), Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. c (“compliance with legal obligation”) in compliance with the respective EEA or Member State law and lit. f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. It is the creators’ legitimate interest to comply with non-EEA legal obligations.
With your consent, Roblox will disclose information collected from or about you with advertisers and/or advertising measurement companies to select advertisements for you, or measure and improve advertising effectiveness. Data disclosed for this purpose includes contact identifiers and device identifiers. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. sent. 1 lit. a (“consent”).
If you directly interact with a Commerce Provider to purchase a Commerce Product(s) on Roblox, Roblox and the Commerce Provider may need to exchange information about your purchase in order to fulfill the transaction. This involves Roblox or the Commerce Provider creating a transaction identifier that allows each party to confirm certain information about the transaction, such as whether a purchase has been completed. The legal basis for data sharing required to facilitate a purchase you make through a fulfillment partner is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
Legal disclosure
We may disclose Personal Information about you, including the content of your communications on the Service, to comply with legal process, including court orders and subpoenas, served on our Service. In addition, we also may disclose Personal Information about you, including content, in response to a request from law enforcement agencies, regulators, or other public agencies (including schools or children services), if we believe that there is a risk to user safety or security, and collaborating with other organizations when necessary to protect users, or if such disclosure may (i) prevent the instigation of a crime, (ii) facilitate an investigation related to public safety or protect the safety of a user on our Service, (iii) protect the security or integrity of our Service, or (iv) enable us to take precautions against liability or to protect our rights or the rights of others. The legal basis for such disclosure is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. c (“compliance with legal obligation”) in compliance with the respective EEA or Member State law and lit. f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. It is our legitimate interest to comply with the legal requirements of U.S. law. Further, we have a legitimate interest in these purposes.
Storage and international transfer of your Personal Information
Roblox is based in the U.S. Your Personal Information that we collect is sent to and stored on secure servers located in the United States of America. Such storage is necessary in order to process the information. Some of our agents and third-party service providers are located outside the European Economic Area, e.g. the United States. The data protection laws of the United States or other countries may not be as comprehensive or equivalent to those in your country of residence. Wherever we transfer your Personal Information, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected, e.g. conclude the
EU Standard Contractual Clauses
with third parties.
Your rights as a Data Subject
If you are a user based in the European Economic Area, you may be entitled to exercise some or all of the following rights:
Request (i) information whether your Personal Information is retained and (ii) access to or duplicates of your Personal Information retained, including the purposes of the processing, the categories of Personal Information concerned, and the data recipients as well as potential retention periods;
Request rectification, removal or restriction of your Personal Information, e.g. because (i) it is incomplete or inaccurate, (ii) it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected, or (iii) the consent on which the processing was based has been withdrawn;
Refuse to provide and – without impact to data processing activities that have taken place before such withdrawal – withdraw your consent to processing of your Personal Information at any time;
Object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to processing of your Personal Information, in case such processing is either based on our or a third party’s legitimate interests or on a performance of a task carried out in the public interest. In this case, please provide us with information about your particular situation. After the assessment of the facts presented by you we will either stop processing your Personal Information or present you our compelling legitimate grounds for an ongoing processing;
Object to the use of your Personal Information for direct marketing at any time;
Request (i) to receive the Personal Information concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and (ii) to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from our side. Where technically feasible you shall have the right to have the Personal Information transmitted directly from us to another controller.
You may (i) exercise the rights referred to above, (ii) pose any questions, or (iii) make any complaints regarding our data processing by contacting us under the contact details set out above in Sec. 1.
Further, you may take legal actions in relation to any potential breach of your rights regarding the processing of your Personal Information, as well as to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulators.
If you live in Brazil
Categories of Personal Information and Data Processing Purposes
In the course of visiting our websites and apps, and/or using our services and products, we may process the following Personal Information:
Setting up a Roblox account
Username and password to create your account.
Email addresses and other information you provided us with for added verification and/or to enable certain features. Roblox has a legitimate interest in providing a safe and secure Service, especially to protect children.
If you choose to provide a phone number, we will use the phone number for security and account access purposes, which will allow you to log in via mobile and recover a lost or forgotten password. You authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Roblox or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud. We have a legitimate interest in enabling you to use our Services via your mobile device, ensuring security, and preventing fraud. Additionally, with your explicit and informed consent, we may use your phone number to recommend you as a friend to others using Roblox.
Purchases on Roblox
Billing and payment information, when you participate in Developer Exchange or purchase virtual currency or premium subscriptions on behalf of yourself or another user, including your name, billing address, credit card or other payment information and billing information. You may choose to save information such as your credit card number through a third-party payment provider; in such cases the information is not stored by Roblox; it is stored with the third-party partner. We may also retain transaction details and purchase and payment history. If you purchase Robux on behalf of another Roblox user, we collect contact information, such as email or phone number, in order to communicate with you about the transaction.
Posting content
Comments or messages you post or transmit on Roblox via public chats, forums, group walls, personal post, etc. We process this information to monitor, filter and moderate this information for the purposes of being able to remove profanity, Personal Information, and other inappropriate conversations. Additionally, we may use pre-filtered comments and messages for other purposes such as training and improving our filter technology. Please note that any Personal Information submitted by you in forums and similar means offered by us is available to anyone who has access to this forum including other users. The Personal Information posted by you can be read, collected or used by other users of these forums and could be used to send unsolicited messages.
Asking questions or getting technical support
Information relating to contacting our customer service, e.g. when you report a problem, submit questions, concerns or comments. We may process your email address, your name and information relating to your inquiry or concern in order to respond to your communications, fulfill your requests, or provide other customer support.
Using Roblox Features
Information relating to your use of or interaction with third party plug-ins, e.g. social plugins from Google, Facebook or Twitter. When you use these features, certain information from your social media accounts may be accessed by or shared with Roblox, and likewise, certain information about your use of Roblox may be posted to your profile on those platforms. If you use your Roblox credentials to sign in to a third-party website or service, and later delete your Roblox account, you may lose access to such third-party website or service.
When you use voice based services from Roblox, we will collect, process, and store your voice recording to enable voice services and make our voice-related services safer. We will not engage in training or product improvement with private server voice chat recordings of Brazil users. With your consent, we will use voice recordings to inform training and product improvement.
When you request or agree to location-based services (users 13 years old and older), we may collect and track geolocation information so that we can offer services that depend on us knowing where you are. Examples are personalizing content or advertising. We collect this information by using an identifier on your device or browser so that we can recognize you each time you return. To stop us collecting your location information, you can update your device settings, stop using the service, or uninstall our mobile apps.
If you join our experiences on a VR platform, we will collect your physical movement information in order to replicate your movement in the experience. This information is only used to provide the Service and is not stored.
If you join a virtual event hosted by a Creator, data such as your username, email, and Roblox user ID may be shared with the third-party platform that hosts events. Such data is used to allow you to log in to the experience. Your activity during a Creator Event is subject to the third party platform’s privacy policy as well as the
Roblox Community Standards
.
Information required for additional features that require the use of your camera or upload content, including photos, that contains your Personal Information. If you decide to use these features and upload content, we will collect, process, and store that content to accomplish the purpose of the feature. For more information, please refer to the
Roblox Facial Animation Privacy Policy
.
Information required for other features or activities, which may be available to our users other than children. We may offer other features or activities on our Services from time to time, and you may be able to submit or upload Personal Information in connection with such features. The data being collected for such features and their intended uses will be evident at the time of data collection.
If you opt-in to the Contact Importer feature, you consent to sharing with Roblox the first and last names and phone numbers of your contacts in your address book on your mobile phone, either at the time you register for our Service or otherwise. We do so to help you connect with your friends on our Service.
Interacting with our experiences. To improve your experience and ensure safety, we collect information about how you interact with the Services and we connect this information with your account. For example, we may collect information from a user's game state to detect violations of our Terms and to improve our ability to detect such violations; collect information about your behavior when you interact with your device for security and safety purposes; collect information from your search history to give you similar recommendations; share information like your username and transaction details to the UGC creator or subsequent owners, if you acquire a limited item if you purchase, share, trade, or otherwise engage in a transaction involving UGC.
Competitions, promotions, and research
When you respond to or participate in voluntary research or surveys or studies. These surveys may collect information about your likes and dislikes, experience interests and habits, general hobbies and interests, and other lifestyle information or preferences. These surveys may ask for Personal Information.
Information relating to your participation in contests, competitions, sweepstakes, giveaways, prize draws or other promotions that we may run on our Service or sponsor from time to time. We may process certain contact information (such as your name, email address, and/or phone number) for prize fulfillment purposes, as well as other information or content needed for the specific promotion.
Advertising
To market our services, inter alia, via social media platforms in order to bring new users to our websites and to maintain and increase our user base, we may process Personal Information such as IP addresses, information on users’ browser or operating system, including language settings, regional location information and user names or user IDs.
When you choose to create an Ad Account, we may collect additional information for your account (such as name, email, address, business information, etc.) in order to create an account. We may also retain transaction details and purchase and payment history.
If you’re a developer or creator
Information required for participating in our Roblox Developer Exchange Program, like the IRS W-9 form (for U.S. taxpayers) or W-8 form (for non-U.S. taxpayers). It is our legitimate interest to comply with the legal requirements, especially with regard to U.S. anti-money laundering laws.
Other purposes for collecting your information
Login information, which may include your IP address, device type, username, password, date and time of your visit, information on your browser version, information on your operating system, including language settings, MAC addresses, and User ID. We will process this information to provide you with our Service. It is in our legitimate interest to guarantee the Services’ stability and security.
Account information, e.g. information such as your name, username, login and password details, regional location information, user-generated content, contact details that you choose to provide to us, and other Personal Information that are used for participating in the Service we are offering. We process this information to provide our Services to you.
Cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies. Some of these cookies are necessary for the basic functioning of the website and therefore cannot be deactivated. We will use optional cookies only if you have previously consented to such use. You can manage your choice by clicking on “manage cookie preferences” in the cookie banner. We will save your choices in the form of a cookie. This cookie has a limited effective period of one year. In addition, you can also manage cookies using your browser settings. For further information on cookies and similar technologies see Section 3 above.
On our corporate websites or in job applications
Information relating to a job application made by you, like your name, email address, employment details, CV, resume or other details of your employment history sent by you. If you engage with Roblox in an immersive space for prospective employees, such as the Roblox Career Center, such a space may be recorded in order to provide the experience. We will process this information to process and respond to your job application.
Automated Decision-Making
Please note that we do not use your Personal Information for automated decision making which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
Personal Information of Children and Parental Consent
Please note that when users under the age of 13 register for the Service, their account is automatically set to to privacy-protective settings by default. This means that these users will not have access to certain features, such as social media plug-ins, some forms of third party advertising, and certain types of notification alerts.
When a child creates an account on Roblox, we may process a username, password, birthdate, and gender (gender is optional). Separate from account creation, users may optionally provide the user access to the Service and to communicate with the parent about the child’s account (if a parent email was provided). For example, we may use the parent’s email to send an email notification about the child’s account and an invitation for the parent to review their child's account and update settings. We may use the birthdate the child provides when signing up for the Service to determine which features on Roblox the child should have access to and to determine when the child will turn 13 years old and can be given broader access to features on our Service.
In general, we will not use or share account information (including Personal Information) from a child's account except for the permissible purposes stated in this Privacy Policy and, where applicable, only with the prior verifiable consent of a parent or legal guardian.
Data Sharing
Roblox may share users’ information, including Personal Information like billing information or usernames, with our third-party agents, contractors, or service providers who are hired to perform services on Roblox’s behalf.
These providers may operate or support certain functions of the Service. Below is an illustrative list of functions for which we may use third party service providers and the names of the providers we may use to perform these functions:
Account Integrity and Security (e.g., Veriff, Persona, Arkose Labs);
Analytics services (e.g., Google LLC);
User Acquisition services (e.g., AppsFlyer);
Community filtering and moderation services;
Customer support services (e.g., Zendesk);
Surveys and promotions (e.g., Reach3);
Social Media Log-in (e.g., SAP Customer Data Cloud);
Billing services and payment gateway providers (e.g., Kount, Worldpay, PayPal, Incomm, Blackhawk, Google, Apple, Amazon, Windows Store, Xbox, Playstation, Meta Quest, Xsolla); and
Hosting and content delivery network services (e.g., AWS, Equinix, CenturyLink, YouTube, Vimeo).
These agents and contractors are only allowed to use the information shared with them only for the specific tasks they’ve been hired to do and consistent with this Privacy Policy, and for no other purposes. Roblox takes steps to ensure that all service providers with access to Personal Information are capable of protecting the information we share with them.
Further, the creators of the experiences you use or content you interact with will have access to your username, display name, user ID, game metrics, UGC transaction details, and your regional location (which we base on your IP address). We do not share your IP address with the creators. We provide creators with the regional location of players to determine their player base and make sure their experiences meet the legal requirements of the country you live in.
With your consent, Roblox will disclose information collected from or about you with advertisers and/or advertising measurement companies to select advertisements for you, or measure and improve advertising effectiveness. Data disclosed for this purpose includes contact identifiers and device identifiers.
If you directly interact with a Commerce Provider to purchase a Commerce Product(s) on Roblox, Roblox and the Commerce Provider may need to exchange information about your purchase in order to fulfill the transaction. This involves Roblox or the Commerce Provider creating a transaction identifier that allows each party to confirm certain information about the transaction, such as whether a purchase has been completed.
Legal disclosure
We may disclose Personal Information about you, including the content of your communications on the Service, to comply with legal process, including court orders and subpoenas, served on our Service. In addition, we also may disclose Personal Information about you, including content, in response to a request from law enforcement agencies, regulators, or other public agencies (including schools or children services), if we believe that there is a risk to user safety or security, and collaborating with other organizations when necessary to protect users, or if such disclosure may (i) prevent the instigation of a crime, (ii) facilitate an investigation related to public safety or protect the safety of a user of our Service, (iii) protect the security or integrity of our Service, (iv) enable us to take precautions against liability or to protect our rights or the rights of others, or (v) when otherwise required by applicable laws.
Storage and international transfer of your Personal Information
Roblox is based in the U.S. Your Personal Information that we collect is sent to and stored on secure servers located in the United States of America. Such storage is necessary in order to process the information.
Some of our agents and third-party service providers are located outside of Brazil, e.g. the United States. The data protection laws of the United States or other countries may not be as comprehensive or equivalent to those in Brazil. Wherever we transfer your Personal Information, we will take reasonable steps to ensure we rely on a legitimate international transfer mechanism, as set out in Brazilian data protection laws.
Your rights as a Data Subject
As a data subject located in Brazil, you have rights regarding your Personal Information. We provide mechanisms, as detailed below, so that you have clarity and transparency in exercising your rights. As a data subject, you have the following rights:
Confirm whether or not we process your Personal Information
Access your Personal Information
Correct incomplete, inaccurate, or outdated Personal Information
Anonymize, block or delete unnecessary, excessive Personal Information or data processed in non-compliance with LGPD
Port your Personal Information to another service provider, upon express request and subject to our trade secrets, in accordance with the regulations of the supervisory authority
Delete Personal Information processed under your consent if it is withdrawn, when applicable
Request information about public and private entities with which we shared your Personal Information
Request information about the possibility of not providing consent and about the consequences of doing so
Withdraw your consent, where applicable
Request information about with whom we share your Personal Information
Object to processing activities that violates LGPD’s provisions
Before responding to any of your requests, we may ask you to provide us with some information to confirm your identity. We will only respond to your request after validating your identity.
Please also note that these rights are not absolute and may not apply in certain circumstances. For example, we may continue to process and retain Personal Information regardless of your request to delete, object, block or anonymize it, to comply with legal, contractual and/or regulatory obligations, and to protect and exercise rights, including in judicial, administrative and arbitration proceedings, and as otherwise required by law. To exercise your rights or ask questions, you can contact us by completing this
Customer Support Form
. To appeal a decision about your privacy rights, please contact our Brazilian Data Protection Officer by emailing
privacy@roblox.com
, or otherwise reaching out to us as described in Section 1.
DE - Roblox-Datenschutz- und Cookie-Richtlinie 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
EN - Roblox Privacy and Cookie Policy 20250314.pdf
400 KB
Download
ES - Política de privacidad y de cookies de Roblox 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
FR - Politique de confidentialité et de cookies de Roblox 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
ID - Kebijakan Privasi dan Cookie Roblox 20250314.pdf
400 KB
Download
IT - Informativa sulla privacy e sui cookie di Roblox 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
JA - Roblox プライバシーおよびクッキーポリシー 20250314.pdf
1000 KB
Download
KO - Roblox 개인정보 처리방침 및 쿠키 정책 20250314.pdf
900 KB
Download
PT-BR - Política de Privacidade e de Cookies da Roblox 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
ZH-CN - Roblox 隐私和 Cookie 政策 20250314.pdf
900 KB
Download
ZH-TW - Roblox 隱私權和 Cookie 政策 20250314.pdf
1000 KB
Download
PL - Zasady ochrony prywatności i dotyczące plików cookie Roblox 20250314.pdf
700 KB
Download
TH - นโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวและคุกกี้ของ Roblox 20250314.pdf
700 KB
Download
TR - Roblox Gizlilik ve Çerez Politikası 20250314.pdf
600 KB
Download
VI - Chính sách Quyền riêng tư và Cookie của Roblox 20250314.pdf
1 MB
Download
NL - privacy- en cookiebeleid van Roblox 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
AR - سياسة الخصوصية وملف تعريف الارتباط الخاصة بـ Roblox 20250314.pdf
1 MB
Download
Related articles
Roblox Terms of Use
Roblox Community Standards
Content Maturity Labels
Roblox Accessibility Statement
Roblox Dictionary
We use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience on our site. Visit our
Privacy Policy
for more information on our data collection practices. By clicking Accept, you agree to our use of cookies for the purposes listed in our
Cookie Consent Tool
. To see a complete list of the companies that use these cookies and other technologies and to tell us whether they can be used on your device or not, access our Cookie Consent Tool. You will see this message only once, but you will always be able to set your preferences at any time in the Cookie Consent Tool.
Decline
Accept
Cookie Consent
Sub-policy 1
https://en.help.roblox.com/hc/en-us/articles/4412863575316-Roblox-Biometric-Privacy-Notice:
Skip to main content
Roblox Support
Parents, Safety, and Moderation
Legal Documents
Articles in this section
Roblox Terms of Use
Roblox Privacy and Cookie Policy
Roblox Community Standards
Roblox Dictionary
Developer Exchange Terms of Use
Roblox Name and Logo - Community Usage Guidelines
Roblox Biometric Privacy Notice
General Health Notice
Roblox Accessibility Statement
Restricted Content Policy
See more
Why are you receiving this notice?
This biometric privacy notice explains how Roblox collects, uses, shares, retains, and destroys (collectively, “processes”) your Biometric Data when you use our services. “Biometric Data” includes: (i) “Biometric Identifiers,” which are data generated by measurements of your biological characteristics, such as your retina or iris scan, fingerprint, voiceprint, or a scan of your hand or face geometry; and (ii) “Biometric Information,” which is information based on a Biometric Identifier that can be used to identify you.
Please review this notice carefully. By using the Roblox identity verification process, you consent to the collection, use, sharing, and retention of your Biometric Data as described in this notice.
What type of Biometric Data do we process?
Face geometry.
How do we process it?
We use a service provider, Persona, to assist with our identity and age verification process.
To confirm your identity, Persona captures a photo of your ID and a selfie. Persona then reviews the face geometry extracted from your ID and selfie, and analyzes the age of your face to compare it to the date of birth from your ID. This is done to securely verify your age and identity, as well as to detect fraud.
Limited Roblox personnel may access the photo of your ID and selfie stored by Persona for compliance purposes.
How long do we retain your Biometric Data?
Roblox does not receive a copy of, or have access to, your Biometric Data.
Our service provider, Persona, will delete your Biometric Data within 30 days after collection, unless required by law (such as a warrant or subpoena) to keep your Biometric Data for a longer period.
What happens to your Biometric Data at the end of the retention period?
Our service provider, Persona, permanently erases your Biometric Data at the end of the retention period described above such that it cannot be recovered or reconstructed.
Additional Privacy Disclosures and Your Rights
For more information about how we process your personal information, as well as your rights and choices concerning our data practices, please review our Privacy Policy available at
https://www.roblox.com/info/privacy.
For more information about Persona’s data practices, please review Persona’s Privacy Policy available at
https://withpersona.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Last Updated: August 29, 2024
Recently viewed articles
Roblox Privacy and Cookie Policy
Related articles
Roblox Privacy and Cookie Policy
Roblox Terms of Use
Roblox Name and Logo - Community Usage Guidelines
Voice Chat FAQs
Roblox Community Standards
We use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience on our site. Visit our
Privacy Policy
for more information on our data collection practices. By clicking Accept, you agree to our use of cookies for the purposes listed in our
Cookie Consent Tool
. To see a complete list of the companies that use these cookies and other technologies and to tell us whether they can be used on your device or not, access our Cookie Consent Tool. You will see this message only once, but you will always be able to set your preferences at any time in the Cookie Consent Tool.
Decline
Accept
Cookie Consent
Sub-policy 2
https://en.help.roblox.com/hc/articles/15685139483924:
Skip to main content
Roblox Support
Search
Categories
Roblox Account
I need help with my account
Payments, Gift Cards, and Subscriptions
I have Premium, Robux, Gift Card, Subscriptions or payment questions
Parents, Safety, and Moderation
User Safety and Community Standards
Tech - Computer, Mobile, PlayStation, Xbox
I’m having an issue or want to report a bug
Playing on Roblox
I have questions on how to play
Creating on Roblox
I have questions on how to create experiences and create or sell items
Social Media and Merchandise
I'm interested in toys, events, and Roblox on social media
Your Avatar
I want to customize my avatar and check out my profile
Promoted articles
Keep Your Account Safe
I Forgot My Password
Unauthorized Charges & Refund Requests
How to Redeem and Spend Your Gift Card
Safety & Civility at Roblox
How do I turn on Voice Chat?
How do I turn on Voice Chat?
Getting Featured on Roblox Marketing Channels
How to Redeem Toy & Virtual Item Codes
We use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience on our site. Visit our
Privacy Policy
for more information on our data collection practices. By clicking Accept, you agree to our use of cookies for the purposes listed in our
Cookie Consent Tool
. To see a complete list of the companies that use these cookies and other technologies and to tell us whether they can be used on your device or not, access our Cookie Consent Tool. You will see this message only once, but you will always be able to set your preferences at any time in the Cookie Consent Tool.
Decline
Accept
Cookie Consent
Sub-policy 3
https://en.help.roblox.com/hc/articles/4402871541140:
Skip to main content
Roblox Support
Parents, Safety, and Moderation
Legal Documents
Articles in this section
Roblox Terms of Use
Roblox Privacy and Cookie Policy
Roblox Community Standards
Roblox Dictionary
Developer Exchange Terms of Use
Roblox Name and Logo - Community Usage Guidelines
Roblox Biometric Privacy Notice
General Health Notice
Roblox Accessibility Statement
Restricted Content Policy
See more
California - Notice at Collection
Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia
Last Updated: January 29, 2025
Expand All +
This page contains additional information for residents of US states that have their own data privacy laws and regulations, and associated rights. This page is incorporated into the
Roblox Privacy and Cookie Policy
. No matter where you live, we will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise any of your rights. We will not deny you goods or services, charge different prices or rates, provide a different level of service or quality of goods, or suggest that you might receive a different price or level of quality for goods.
Contact Us
To exercise your rights, you may submit a request through our
Customer Support Form
(specifying the rights you wish to exercise). If you have any questions about this policy or have trouble accessing it, please contact us at
privacy@roblox.com
.
You may also reach us by phone:
Phone: (888) 858 - BLOX
Write to us at:
Roblox Corporation
Attn: Roblox Privacy Manager
Address: 3150 S. Delaware St.
San Mateo, California, 94403
California - Notice at Collection
The following disclosures are made pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), Cal. Civ. Code 1798.100, et seq, as amended.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
In the past 12 months, we have collected personal information as set out in Section 3 of the Roblox Privacy and Cookie Policy. Using California-specific terms, we have collected the following categories of Personal Information:
Account credentials, including username, password, and other information for authentication or account access.
Contact identifiers, including name, email address, and phone number.
Characteristics or demographics, including age, gender, and country.
Commercial or transaction information, including records of products or services purchased or obtained.
Device identifiers, including device IP address, device ID or other identifiers that identify a computer or mobile device.
Device information, including device operating software and browser (e.g., type, version, and configuration), internet service provider, and regional and language settings.
Internet activity, including information about browsing history and interactions, such as the features used, pages visited, content viewed, purchases made or considered, the time of day browsed, and referring and exiting pages.
Non-precise location data, such as location derived from an IP address or data that indicates a city or postal code level.
Biometric data, which Roblox does not collect directly, but which is collected on our behalf as described in the
Roblox Biometric Privacy Notice
.
Payment information, including full name, credit card (last four digits only), and card expiration date.
Content, including content within any messages sent to us (such as feedback, questions, or survey responses) or publicly posted on the Service (such as in chat messages or blog comments).
Categories of Sources from Which We Collect Personal Information
For the categories of sources from which Personal Information is collected, see Section 3 of the
Roblox Privacy and Cookie Policy
.
Purposes for Collecting and Using Personal Information
For the specific business and commercial purposes for collecting and using your Personal Information, see Section 3 of the
Roblox Privacy and Cookie Policy
.
Retention
We retain Personal Information, including Sensitive Personal Information, as long as we need it to provide our products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information based on several factors.
Here’s how we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our products.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products.
If you are interested in learning more about Roblox’s practices regarding Personal Information, please review Sections 3 and 4 of our
Privacy and Cookie Policy
.
Categories of Personal Information Disclosed and types of Recipients
For the business and commercial purposes for disclosing Personal Information, see Section 4 of the
Roblox Privacy and Cookie Policy
.
We have disclosed Personal Information to the following types of recipients:
The Creators of the experiences you interact with on Roblox’s platform;
Account integrity and security services;
Analytics services;
User acquisition services;
Community filtering and moderation services;
Customer support services;
Surveys and promotions;
Social media log-in services;
Billing and payment services;
Hosting and content delivery services.
Sensitive Personal Information
Some of the Personal Information we collect may be considered sensitive Personal Information under the CCPA. For example, our service providers process biometric information on our behalf, as described in the
Roblox Biometric Privacy Notice
. We collect, use, and disclose such sensitive personal information only for the permissible business purposes for sensitive personal information under the CCPA or without the purpose of inferring characteristics about consumers. We do not sell or share sensitive personal information.
Sales and Shares
We do not sell your Personal Information as that term is traditionally understood. However, some of our disclosures of Personal Information may be considered a “sale” or “share” as those terms are defined under the CCPA. A “sale” is broadly defined under the CPRA to include a disclosure for something of value, and a “share” is broadly defined under the CCPA to include a disclosure for cross-context behavioral advertising.
We disclose Contact Identifiers, Characteristics or demographics, and Device identifiers to third-party advertising companies and advertising measurement companies to provide you with personalized ads, or measure and improve advertising effectiveness on Roblox and/or third-party platforms, which may constitute a “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information. You have the right to opt-out of our selling or sharing (for purposes of targeted advertising) of your Personal Information. To opt-out of the sale or sharing of Personal Information, use the “
My Privacy Choices
” link on the bottom of Roblox’s main webpages or turn on a recognized opt-out preference signal, such as Global Privacy Control, in your browser or extension.
Please note that when you opt-out through either of the above methods we do not know who you are within our systems, and your opt-out will apply only to information collected from tracking technologies on the specific browser from which you opt-out. If you delete or reset your cookies, or use a different browser or device, you will need to reconfigure your settings. We have no actual knowledge of selling or sharing the Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age.
Verifiable Requests
In accordance with California law, you have the following rights:
The right to know what personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which personal information is collected, the business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
The right to correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
The right to delete personal information we have collected from you.
To exercise any of these rights, submit a request through our
Customer Support Form
(specifying the rights you wish to exercise) or call our toll-free number at (888) 858 - BLOX. If you have an account with us, we may require you to submit the request through your account. Please note these rights are subject to exceptions. If you have an account with us, we may require you to use the account to submit the request. In the request, please specify which right you are seeking to exercise and the scope of the request. We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 days and respond to your request within 45 days. To verify your identity, we may require you to confirm receipt of an email sent to an email address that matches our records, provide us with details relating to your history with us, or provide additional information. If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your request.
Designated Methods and Authorized Agents
All rights requests must be exercised through the designated methods listed above. You may make a rights request using an authorized agent. Except for rights requests made by opt-out preference signal, we will require written and signed proof of the agent’s permission to do so and we may verify your identity directly with you.
California Privacy Rights Disclosures
2023
Number of requests to know received
55
Number of requests to know complied with in whole or in part
16
Number of requests to know denied
2
Median number of days to substantively respond to requests to know
12.8
Number of requests to delete received
2551
Number of requests to delete complied with in whole or in part
419
Number of requests to delete denied
102
Median number of days to substantively respond to requests to delete
12.5
California Eraser Request
If you are a California resident under 18 years old and registered to use the Service, under California’s Online Eraser Law, you can ask us to remove any content or information you have publicly posted on the Service. To make a request, please write to us at the email address set out in the Contact Us section above with “California Under 18 Online Eraser Request” in the subject line, and tell us what you want removed. We will make reasonable, good faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view, although we cannot ensure the complete or comprehensive removal of the content and may retain the content as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Shine the Light
Under California’s Shine the Light law, customers who are residents of California may request (i) a list of the categories of personal information disclosed by us to third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for those third parties’ own direct marketing purposes; and (ii) a list of the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed such information. To make a request, please write us at the email or postal address set out in the Contact Us section above and specify that you are making a “California Shine the Light Request.” We may require additional information from you to allow us to verify your identity and are only required to respond to requests once during any calendar year.
Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia
These additional rights and disclosures apply only to residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia.
Data Subject Requests
Your state's law may provide some or all of the following rights:
To confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data
To access your personal data
To correct inaccuracies in your personal data
To delete your personal data
To obtain a copy of your personal data that you previously provided to us in a portable and readily usable format
To obtain a list of third parties to which we have disclosed your personal data.
To exercise any of these rights, submit a request through our
Customer Support Form
(specifying the rights you wish to exercise) or call our toll-free number at (888) 858 - BLOX. Please note these rights are subject to exceptions. If you have an account with us, we may require you to use the account to submit the request. In the request, please specify which right you are seeking to exercise and the scope of the request. We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 days and respond to your request within 45 days. To verify your identity, we may require you to confirm receipt of an email sent to an email address that matches our records, provide us with details relating to your history with us, or provide additional information. If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your request.
Sales and Targeted Advertising
We disclose personal data (e.g., identifiers and service and platform usage) to advertising partners to provide you with personalized ads on third-party platforms, which may constitute a “sale” or processing of your personal data for targeted advertising purposes. You have the right to opt-out of the processing of personal data for purposes of targeted advertising or the sale of personal data. To opt-out, use the “My Privacy Choices” link on the bottom of Roblox’s main webpages or turn on a recognized opt-out preference signal, such as Global Privacy Control, in your browser or extension. Please note that when you opt-out through either of the above methods we do not know who you are within our systems, and your opt-out will apply only to information collected from tracking technologies on the specific browser from which you opt-out. If you delete or reset your cookies, or use a different browser or device, you will need to reconfigure your settings.
Profiling
We do not process personal data for purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning consumers.
Designated Methods and Authorized Agents
All rights requests must be exercised through the designated methods listed above. You may make a rights request using an authorized agent. Except for rights requests made by opt-out preference signal, we will require written and signed proof of the agent’s permission to do so and we may verify your identity directly with you.
Appeal
You may have the right to appeal our decision if we deny your request. To appeal, please contact us at the email address set out in the Contact Us section above and specify what you wish to appeal. We will review and respond to your appeal in accordance with applicable law. If we deny your appeal, you may submit a complaint as follows:
For Colorado residents, visit
https://coag.gov/file-complaint/
For Connecticut residents, visit
https://www.dir.ct.gov/ag/complaint/
For Delaware residents, visit
https://attorneygeneral.delaware.gov/fraud/cmu/complaint/
For Iowa residents, visit
https://www.iowaattorneygeneral.gov/for-consumers/file-a-consumer-complaint
For Montana residents, visit
https://dojmt.gov/office-of-consumer-protection/consumer-complaints/
For Nebraska residents, visit
https://www.nebraska.gov/apps-ago-complaints/
For New Hampshire residents, visit
https://www.doj.nh.gov/citizens/consumer-protection-antitrust-bureau/consumer-complaints
For New Jersey residents, visit
https://www.njoag.gov/contact/file-a-complaint/
For Oregon residents, visit
https://www.doj.state.or.us/oregon-department-of-justice/contact-us/
For Texas residents, visit
https://www.texasattorneygeneral.gov/consumer-protection/file-consumer-complaint
For Utah residents, visit
https://attorneygeneral.utah.gov/contact/complaint-form/
For Virginia residents, visit
https://www.oag.state.va.us/consumercomplaintform
Recently viewed articles
Roblox Biometric Privacy Notice
Roblox Privacy and Cookie Policy
Related articles
Roblox Privacy and Cookie Policy
Roblox Terms of Use
Roblox Biometric Privacy Notice
Roblox Dictionary
Roblox Accessibility Statement
We use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience on our site. Visit our
Privacy Policy
for more information on our data collection practices. By clicking Accept, you agree to our use of cookies for the purposes listed in our
Cookie Consent Tool
. To see a complete list of the companies that use these cookies and other technologies and to tell us whether they can be used on your device or not, access our Cookie Consent Tool. You will see this message only once, but you will always be able to set your preferences at any time in the Cookie Consent Tool.
Decline
Accept
Cookie Consent
Sub-policy 4
https://www.ftc.gov/news-events/topics/protecting-consumer-privacy-security/kids-privacy-coppa:

Sub-policy 5
https://en.help.roblox.com/hc/articles/8064749848980:
Skip to main content
Roblox Support
Parents, Safety, and Moderation
Legal Documents
Articles in this section
Roblox Terms of Use
Roblox Privacy and Cookie Policy
Roblox Community Standards
Roblox Dictionary
Developer Exchange Terms of Use
Roblox Name and Logo - Community Usage Guidelines
Roblox Biometric Privacy Notice
General Health Notice
Roblox Accessibility Statement
Restricted Content Policy
See more
What are facial animations?
Certain Roblox services can use video and live camera input that shows movements of your facial features, like closing your eyes and opening your mouth, and translate that input into animations of the facial features of your Roblox avatar. Think of it like controlling your avatar’s face like a puppet, but your face is pulling the strings! These services include Animation Capture - Face and Use camera to animate your avatar with your movement (collectively, our “animation services”). This notice explains how Roblox collects, uses, shares, retains, and destroys (collectively, “processes”) information regarding the movements of your facial features when you use our animation services.
Please review this notice carefully. By using the Roblox animation services, you consent to the practices described in this notice. Animation Capture - Face is disabled by default and each time you engage with animation services, you will need to enable the feature for that session by starting the recording. You can disable Use camera to animate your avatar with your movement at any time by going to your Privacy Settings.
How do Roblox animation services work?
Roblox animation services work by analyzing video of your face to detect movements of your facial features, like closing your eyes, winking, opening your mouth, smiling, and frowning. This analysis happens entirely on your device and does not send data to Roblox or any third parties.
For Animation Capture - Face, this analysis creates animation key frames that you can use to animate your avatar or share with others so they can animate their avatars.
For Use camera to animate your avatar with your movement, this analysis happens in a real-time experience and does not create key frames that can be saved or shared.
Roblox does not use the video of your face or the analysis of movements of your facial features to identify you personally. Nevertheless, depending on your location, applicable laws might define this data as a biometric identifier or biometric information.
How long is the video and analysis of movements of your facial features retained?
When the Roblox animation services analyze video of your face to detect movements of your facial features, this video and analysis information is retained on your device in temporary memory only as long as necessary to generate the animation key frames used for animating your avatar. After that, the video and analysis information is erased from memory.
For Animation Capture - Face, animation key frames created by this process are no different from animation key frames created through any other process. You can keep them as long as you like.
For Use camera to animate your avatar with your movement, animation key frames created by this process are deleted in real-time after they have been used and cannot be saved.
Who has access to the video and analysis of movements of your facial features?
The video and analysis information used by the Roblox animation services stays on your device and is not shared with Roblox or any third parties.
For Animation Capture - Face, animation key frames created by this process are no different from animation key frames created through any other process. How you share them is up to you.
For Use camera to animate your avatar with your movement, animation key frames created by this process are deleted in real-time after they have been used and cannot be shared.
Additional Privacy Disclosures and Your Rights
For more information about how we process your personal information, as well as your rights and choices concerning our data practices, please review our Privacy Policy available at
https://www.roblox.com/info/privacy
.
Last Updated:
July 12, 2023
Recently viewed articles
US State Privacy Policy Addendum
Roblox Biometric Privacy Notice
Roblox Privacy and Cookie Policy
Related articles
Roblox Privacy and Cookie Policy
How do I deactivate or delete my account?
Animate Your Avatar
Voice Chat FAQs
Roblox Accessibility Statement
We use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience on our site. Visit our
Privacy Policy
for more information on our data collection practices. By clicking Accept, you agree to our use of cookies for the purposes listed in our
Cookie Consent Tool
. To see a complete list of the companies that use these cookies and other technologies and to tell us whether they can be used on your device or not, access our Cookie Consent Tool. You will see this message only once, but you will always be able to set your preferences at any time in the Cookie Consent Tool.
Decline
Accept
Cookie Consent
Sub-policy 6
https://en.help.roblox.com/hc/articles/4412863575316:
Skip to main content
Roblox Support
Parents, Safety, and Moderation
Legal Documents
Articles in this section
Roblox Terms of Use
Roblox Privacy and Cookie Policy
Roblox Community Standards
Roblox Dictionary
Developer Exchange Terms of Use
Roblox Name and Logo - Community Usage Guidelines
Roblox Biometric Privacy Notice
General Health Notice
Roblox Accessibility Statement
Restricted Content Policy
See more
Why are you receiving this notice?
This biometric privacy notice explains how Roblox collects, uses, shares, retains, and destroys (collectively, “processes”) your Biometric Data when you use our services. “Biometric Data” includes: (i) “Biometric Identifiers,” which are data generated by measurements of your biological characteristics, such as your retina or iris scan, fingerprint, voiceprint, or a scan of your hand or face geometry; and (ii) “Biometric Information,” which is information based on a Biometric Identifier that can be used to identify you.
Please review this notice carefully. By using the Roblox identity verification process, you consent to the collection, use, sharing, and retention of your Biometric Data as described in this notice.
What type of Biometric Data do we process?
Face geometry.
How do we process it?
We use a service provider, Persona, to assist with our identity and age verification process.
To confirm your identity, Persona captures a photo of your ID and a selfie. Persona then reviews the face geometry extracted from your ID and selfie, and analyzes the age of your face to compare it to the date of birth from your ID. This is done to securely verify your age and identity, as well as to detect fraud.
Limited Roblox personnel may access the photo of your ID and selfie stored by Persona for compliance purposes.
How long do we retain your Biometric Data?
Roblox does not receive a copy of, or have access to, your Biometric Data.
Our service provider, Persona, will delete your Biometric Data within 30 days after collection, unless required by law (such as a warrant or subpoena) to keep your Biometric Data for a longer period.
What happens to your Biometric Data at the end of the retention period?
Our service provider, Persona, permanently erases your Biometric Data at the end of the retention period described above such that it cannot be recovered or reconstructed.
Additional Privacy Disclosures and Your Rights
For more information about how we process your personal information, as well as your rights and choices concerning our data practices, please review our Privacy Policy available at
https://www.roblox.com/info/privacy.
For more information about Persona’s data practices, please review Persona’s Privacy Policy available at
https://withpersona.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Last Updated: August 29, 2024
Recently viewed articles
Roblox Facial Animation Privacy Notice
US State Privacy Policy Addendum
Roblox Privacy and Cookie Policy
Related articles
Roblox Privacy and Cookie Policy
Roblox Terms of Use
Roblox Name and Logo - Community Usage Guidelines
Voice Chat FAQs
Roblox Community Standards
We use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience on our site. Visit our
Privacy Policy
for more information on our data collection practices. By clicking Accept, you agree to our use of cookies for the purposes listed in our
Cookie Consent Tool
. To see a complete list of the companies that use these cookies and other technologies and to tell us whether they can be used on your device or not, access our Cookie Consent Tool. You will see this message only once, but you will always be able to set your preferences at any time in the Cookie Consent Tool.
Decline
Accept
Cookie Consent
Sub-policy 7
https://www.roblox.com/my/account#!/privacy:
Please enable Javascript to use all the features on this site.
Roblox uses cookies to offer you a better experience. For further information, including information on how to withdraw consent and how to manage the use of cookies on Roblox, please refer to our
Privacy and Cookie Policy
.
Username/Email/Phone
Password
Log In
Forgot Password or Username?
Email Me a One-Time Code
Use Another Device
We use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience on our site. Visit our
Privacy Policy
for more information on our data collections practices. By clicking Accept, you agree to our use of cookies for the purposes listed in the settings. To see a complete list of the companies that use these cookies and other technologies and to tell us whether they can be used on your device or not, access our Cookie Consent Tool. Your will see this message only once, but you will always be able to set your preferences at any time in the Cookie Consent Tool.
Set Cookie Options
Decline All
Accept All
Starting Roblox...
Connecting to People...
Check
Always open links for URL: Roblox Protocol
and click
Open URL: Roblox Protocol
in the dialog box above to join experiences faster in the future!
1
Click
RobloxPlayer.exe
to run the Roblox installer, which just downloaded via your web browser.
2
Click
Run
when prompted by your computer to begin the installation process.
3
Click
Ok
once you've successfully installed Roblox.
4
After installation, click
Join
below to join the action!
Join
The Roblox installer should download shortly. If it doesn’t, start the
download now.
Sub-policy 8
https://en.help.roblox.com/hc/en-us/article_attachments/20961293738004:

Sub-policy 9
https://en.help.roblox.com/hc/en-us/article_attachments/20961319180052:

Sub-policy 10
https://en.help.roblox.com/hc/en-us/article_attachments/27500481015828:

Sub-policy 11
https://en.help.roblox.com/hc/en-us/articles/115004630823-Roblox-Privacy-and-Cookie-Policy-:
Skip to main content
Roblox Support
Parents, Safety, and Moderation
Legal Documents
Articles in this section
Roblox Terms of Use
Roblox Privacy and Cookie Policy
Roblox Community Standards
Roblox Dictionary
Developer Exchange Terms of Use
Roblox Name and Logo - Community Usage Guidelines
Roblox Biometric Privacy Notice
General Health Notice
Roblox Accessibility Statement
Restricted Content Policy
See more
Welcome to the Roblox Privacy Policy
Are you Under 13 or responsible for an under-13-year-old?
When we collect your information
Setting up a Roblox account
Purchases on Roblox
Posting content
Asking questions or getting technical support
Using Roblox features
Competitions, promotions and research
Advertising
If you’re a developer or creator
Other purposes for collecting your information
Cookies and similar technologies
On our corporate websites or in job applications
When we share your information
We may share Personal Information where necessary
We may disclose Personal Information to third parties
We may share information that does not identify you
We’re not responsible if you share your own Personal Information
Looking after your information
Security measures
We’ll tell you if your privacy is at risk
How long we keep your information
Where we store your information
Privacy Policy Changes and Updates
Additional information based on where you live
If you live in the United States
If you live in the Republic of Korea
If you live in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom (UK) or Switzerland
Categories of Personal Information and Data Processing Purposes
Automated Decision-Making
Personal Information of Children and Parental Consent
Data Sharing
Legal disclosure
Storage and international transfer of your Personal Information
Your rights as a Data Subject
If you live in Brazil
Categories of Personal Information and Data Processing Purposes
Automated Decision-Making
Personal Information of Children and Parental Consent
Data Sharing
Legal disclosure
Storage and international transfer of your Personal Information
Your rights as a Data Subject
Effective Date: March 14, 2025
You can also find the full Privacy Policy
here
.
Welcome to the Roblox Privacy Policy
Is this Privacy Policy for you?
If you make or play games in Roblox experiences, this Privacy Policy is for you, whatever your age and wherever you live. It’s also for parents or guardians of users under 13 years old. This Policy covers the Roblox
Services
.
What is in this Privacy Policy?
This policy describes the rights you have regarding your Personal Information. It explains that you can control what happens to the information that can identify you - like your name, where you live and your email address. In this Privacy Policy, we’ll also tell you when and how we use your information about you – including how we collect, record, organize, store and share it.
Depending on where you live, you may have different rights or choices for managing your Personal Information, which this Policy will describe later on. In the event of a conflict between the information in Sections 1-5 of this Policy and the location-specific information in Section 8, the information in Section 8 shall prevail.
Where does this Privacy Policy apply?
If you’re using Roblox, you’re in the right place. Here’s where you can learn about keeping your information safe. Using Roblox includes using:
websites with a roblox.com address
our mobile, virtual reality and console apps
the Roblox Player and the Roblox Studio
Other Roblox features described in this policy
But if you leave our services, this Privacy Policy no longer applies. We’re not responsible for what you see on other websites or apps or for their privacy policies, even if you’ve linked to them from our website or app. When you go to another site or app, we may show you a message telling you that you’re leaving Roblox.
To reach us with questions or requests regarding your Personal Information, our information about how to contact us is included below.
You can reach Roblox electronically by submitting a question through our
Customer Support Form
. If you’re under 13 years old, please have your parent or guardian fill out the form.
US:
Phone: (888) 858 - BLOX
Write to us at:
Roblox Corporation
Attn: Roblox Privacy Manager
Address: 3150 S. Delaware St.
San Mateo, California, 94403
privacy@roblox.com
EEA, UK or Switzerland:
If you’re in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom, or Switzerland: contact
roblox@gdpr-rep.com
(Our representative according to Articles 27 EU and UK GDPR in the European Union)
EEA:
DP-Dock GmbH
Attn: Roblox Corporation
Ballindamm 39 / Ecke Jungfernstieg
20095 Hamburg, Germany
UK:
DP Data Protection Services UK Ltd.
Attn: Roblox Corporation
16 Great Queen Street
Covent Garden, London, WC2B 5AH, United Kingdom
If you’re in Brazil, contact our Brazilian Data Protection Officer by emailing
privacy@roblox.com
.
If you’re in Korea, more information is located in the
Privacy Policy Addendum for Users in Republic of Korea
.
If you’re in the United States, additional rules may apply depending on the state you live in. To learn more about the rights available to you under US state laws please visit the the
US State Privacy Policy Addendum
.
Before moving on to the rest of the Privacy Policy, when you see certain terms in this Policy, some of them have specific meanings.
“Children” or “Child” means any user under the age of 13
“Minor” or “minor user” means a user of the Services who is under the legal age of majority in their jurisdiction or state of residence
“Personal Information” means any information relating to a natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, or an online identifier
“Platform” means our Roblox platform, the ultimate virtual universe where imagination rules
“Privacy Policy” or “Policy” means this Roblox Privacy Policy
“Processing” means any operation which is performed on Personal Information, such as collecting, recording, organizing, structuring, storing, adapting or making any kind of disclosure or other use
“Service” means any service or application offered by Roblox, such as allowing users to develop Platform experiences, connect with others, and use content created by you and other users. It includes websites on the roblox.com domain, our Roblox mobile, virtual reality and consoles, the Roblox Player, the Roblox Studio, and our other websites, products, software, applications, content, data feeds and other services on which an authorized link to this Policy is posted
Any other capitalized term that is not defined in this Policy is defined and has the meaning set out the
Roblox Dictionary
. In the event of a material or perceived conflict between the English version of this Policy and translations into other languages, the English version shall control.
Are you Under 13 or responsible for an under-13-year-old?
If you’re under 13 years old, your access to certain features will be restricted in the interest of protecting your Personal Information. Roblox is especially committed to protecting the privacy of children. This part of the privacy policy is just for you.
First, get the go-ahead
If you’re under 13 years old, please get permission from your parent or guardian to use Roblox. You shouldn’t use our Services without their go-ahead.
Set limits
No matter how old you are, Roblox communication settings allow you to control who can interact with you, for example, by only allowing interactions with friends or not allowing any interactions at all. You can also restrict your account, which turns off chat and public commenting and limits an account to certain filtered experiences on Roblox.
Parents and guardians – we recommend you supervise your child whenever they’re interacting on Roblox. We’ve got some tools to help – you can learn about Roblox’s safety features
here
.
Age-appropriate privacy settings
If you’re under 13 years old, we’ll automatically set your account to have stronger privacy settings. While in this privacy mode, some features like social media plug-ins and certain advertising and alerts are disabled. When you turn 13, you will be able to enable additional features that are more appropriate for users ages 13 and up.
Information we collect if you’re under 13 years old
If you’re under 13 years old and create an account, we ask for some information (which is non-personal information,
as defined by COPPA
) to let you use Roblox.
We’ll collect:
your username (required). We need this to create your account and run the Roblox Service. We don’t use your username to identify you outside of Roblox
your password (required). We need this to log you in to your account and to run the Roblox Service
your date of birth (required). We’ll use this information to make sure your account has certain default settings intended for your age
your gender (optional). We will use this information to customize your experience
For additional account security and parental controls, you have the option to provide a parent’s or guardian’s email address in account settings or during logout. Children are encouraged to provide a parent’s email address, but are not required to do so to create an account. Parent email addresses (which is the only personal information
as defined by COPPA
we collect from child accounts) are collected for the security and integrity of your account and the Roblox platform. We may use your parent’s email address to log you in. We may also use your parent’s email address to communicate with them about your account, like asking them to review your account.
We don’t want more Personal Information
If you’re under 13 years old, we will only ask you to tell us the information we need to set up or protect your account. If you give us more of your Personal Information, we will:
delete any additional Personal Information we’ve collected from you (unless the law requires us to keep it),
cancel your account, or
turn on age-appropriate protections on your account
When users publish anything in our public and comment areas (for example, chat, forums, group walls, personal posts), we filter it and remove:
Personal Information like addresses, emails, phone numbers
attempts at phishing (this is when someone tries to trick you into giving out Personal Information)
offensive words, adult or suggestive content
To provide the filtering above, we use human and automated checking to the best of our ability based on available technology – but like all filtering technology, these systems aren’t 100% effective.
Please ask us if you want to make privacy-related changes
You can request that Roblox make changes to your child’s account or allow you to review, delete, or prevent the further collection or use of Personal Information from you or your child. To make a request, please fill out our
Customer Support Form
.
In the US and want to know more?
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). To learn more about COPPA, you can visit the US Federal Trade Commission’s COPPA website:
https://www.ftc.gov/news-events/topics/protecting-consumer-privacy-security/kids-privacy-coppa
You can also learn more about COPPA by looking at this simple guide from the kidSAFE Seal Program –
www.kidsafeseal.com/knowaboutcoppa.html
When we collect your information
Setting up a Roblox account
Your first step to joining a Roblox experience is to set up a Roblox account. We’ll ask you to create a unique username and password so you can log into your account and access features on Roblox. We also ask you for your birthday and gender (gender is optional) so we can customize your experience on Roblox. Eligible users may set their account's display name to contain certain Personal Information.
Three key rules for signing up:
Do not use your own name or other Personal Information in your username.
Do not pick a password that’s easy to guess.
You may share your password with your parent or guardian, but do not share it with others.
We don’t use your username to identify you outside of your activity on Roblox.
Why we ask you for an email address:
Once you have an account, you can add your email address (or your parents’ or guardians’ email address if you are under 13) in case you need to reset your password.
We might ask for your email to verify your identity or enable additional features. The main reason we need an email address is for security because it is how we check to make sure accounts are authentic. You can change your email address anytime you want – if an email address is changed, we’ll send a notification email to the address that you used before.
If you have a 13+ account and change your birthday to indicate you are under age 13, Roblox will save a hash of your email address and any email addresses previously collected from you. This hash cannot be reconstructed back into your email address or used to contact you, and will only be used to authenticate you in the future.
Sharing your phone number
If you choose to give a phone number, we’ll send you a text message asking you to confirm your number before you can log in. We will use your phone number for security and account access, including to recover a lost or forgotten password, access a feature, or log in via mobile. You authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Roblox or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud.
Additionally, with your explicit and informed consent, we may use your phone number to recommend you as a friend to others using Roblox. You will be recommended with your contact name as stored on your friends’ devices, which may also include your real name. If you do not want us to use your phone number to be found by your friends on Roblox, please do not activate this feature or deactivate it at any time. Please note that the Discoverability feature may not be available in certain locations.
We do not ask for your phone number if you are under 13.
Purchases on Roblox
You can buy virtual currency (Robux) or premium subscriptions and choose how to pay from our available payment methods. When you pay, you (or your parent or guardian if you’re under 13) will have to give billing information, including Personal Information such as:
Name of the person responsible for buying virtual currency
Their billing address and contact details, like email or phone number
credit card or other payment information
Our payment processors (for example, PayPal) manage the transactions, which are subject to their terms and conditions and privacy policies. Their policies will explain what Personal Information they keep and use. For example, they might keep and use your billing information, transaction details, and purchase history so that they can sort out any billing problems or inquiries. Roblox receives certain information about purchases in order to fulfill our legal obligations and ensure the integrity of our platform.
You can choose to save your billing information with one of our payment processors to make future purchases easier, in that case, Roblox does not store or have access to your full saved billing information. If you purchase Robux on behalf of another Roblox user, we collect contact information, such as email or phone number, in order to communicate with you about the transaction.
Posting content
You can post comments, messages, or other content on Roblox through chats, forums, group walls, personal posts, or other features. Users who are age 13 or older can also use voice chat on Roblox. We monitor what you say and write to check that it meets our Community Standards and complies with our Terms of Use. If we find that the content doesn’t meet our standards, for example, if we believe that it is inappropriate, includes Personal Information, or is not suitable for users to have on Roblox, we have the right to change or remove it. Where the law allows us to, we may use the content you and other users have posted for training or to help us to improve the way we filter content on our platform. Our aim is to increase safety on our platform. We also may use this data to help us provide a better experience on Roblox and to respond to requests about your account from you or your parent or legal guardian.
Asking questions or getting technical support
We collect your email address (or your parents’ or guardians’ email address if you are under 13), username, and any other details you give when you:
contact customer support
report a problem
ask for technical support
ask us questions or give us comments
We use this information to answer your questions and to give you the support or help you ask for. For users under 13, we communicate with your parent or guardian when sending our responses. We retain records of technical support questions for a limited time for internal use only, such as to answer additional questions about your account.
Using Roblox features
We may use Personal Information when you use certain Roblox features. To provide access to certain features, we may use your email address and other information you provide to us, such as your verified date of birth.
Third-party features such as social media add-ons (users 13 and older)
You can use third-party features like social media widgets, share buttons, and login features. These features may include social plugins from Google, Facebook, Twitter, or other platforms. In these cases, the third party’s terms, conditions and privacy policies apply.
When you use these features:
we may be able to access or use information on your social media accounts
information about how you use Roblox may be shared posted on your profile on those platforms
If you use your Roblox ID to sign in to a non-Roblox website or service, and later delete your Roblox account, you may lose access to that website or service.
Voice-based services (users 13 and older)
If you use Roblox’s voice services, we will monitor, collect, use, and store your voice recordings to:
enable voice services
make our voice-related services safer, including to detect and combat abuse and other harmful activity on our Services
If you use voice services on Roblox, we may use voice recordings to inform training and product improvement in accordance with applicable law. For more information about laws that apply in your region, please visit Section 7 of this policy.
We will not use your voice recording with private server voice-chat recordings of EEA and Brazilian users for training or product improvement.
Location-based Services (users 13 and older)
You can choose to use location-based Services if you’re 13 or older. If you agree, we may collect and track geolocation information so that we can offer Services that depend on us knowing where you are. We collect location at the country or region level; we do not collect precise geolocation data. Examples are personalizing content or advertising.
We collect this information by using an identifier on your device or browser so that we can recognize you each time you return. To stop us collecting your location information, you can update your device settings, stop using the Service, or uninstall our mobile apps.
Joining on a VR platform
If you join our experiences on a VR platform, we collect your physical movement information so that we can use it in the experience. This information is only used to provide the experience.We do not store this information.
Camera-enabled features and uploads (users 13 and older)
If you use Roblox features that require the use of your camera or that enable you to upload content that contains your Personal Information, including photos, we will collect, process, and store that content to accomplish the purpose of the feature, including processing the content for safety purposes. Video used to generate animation key frames is processed on your device and is not shared with Roblox or any third parties. For more information, please refer to the
Roblox Facial Animation Privacy Policy
. For information about how Roblox uses ID Verification, please refer to the
Roblox Biometric Privacy Notice
.
Contact Importer (users 13 and older)
If you opt-in to the Contact Importer feature, you will share the first and last names and phone numbers of your contacts in your address book on your mobile phone with Roblox. This feature helps connect with your friends on our Service. If you use the feature, we will automatically access and collect information in your address book from time to time in order to sync your contacts. Such information will only be retained in case of matches with existing Roblox users. Our Contact Importer feature is only available if you are 13 or older and may not be available in certain locations.
Creator Events (users 13 and older)
If you join a virtual event hosted by a Creator, data such as your username, email, and Roblox user ID may be shared with the company that hosts the events. This is done to allow you to log in to the experience. Your activity during a Creator Event is subject to the third party platform’s privacy policy as well as the Roblox Community Standards. Creator events are only available if you are 13 or older.
Interacting with our experiences
To improve your experience and ensure safety, we collect information about how you interact with the Services and we connect this information with your account. For example, we may:
collect information from your game state to detect violations of our Terms and to improve our ability to detect such violations.
collect information about your behavior when you interact with your device for security and safety purposes
collect information about the games you are playing to give you similar recommendations
share information like your username and transaction details to the UGC creator or subsequent owners, if you acquire a limited item if you purchase, share, trade, or otherwise engage in a transaction involving UGC,
collect information from your device through cookies - see “Cookies and Similar Technologies”.
Subscribing to other features (users 13 and older)
When you subscribe to other features or activities that are available to users 13 years old or older, we’ll set out what information is collected and how we intend to use it when the information is collected.
Competitions, promotions and research
Taking part in competitions or promotions
If you take part in competitions or promotions, for example, contests, sweepstakes, giveaways or prize draws, those activities may require contact information such as your name, email, or phone number, to be eligible for discounts or prizes. If you receive a gift card provided by a third party provider, certain contact information may be shared with the provider and used in accordance with this Policy and the terms listed on the provider’s website. In some places in the world, the law requires us to publicly share information about the winners.
Taking part in research
If you choose to participate in research or surveys, these surveys may collect information about your likes and dislikes, experience interests and habits, general hobbies and interests, and other lifestyle information or preferences. These surveys may ask for Personal Information.
Advertising
To market Roblox’s Service to new and existing users, we use Personal Information like:
IP addresses
information on users’ browsers or operating systems, including language settings and general location information
usernames or user IDs
If you choose to create an Ad Account, we may collect additional information to create your account such as name, email, address, business and/or tax information. The purpose of collecting this information is to provide the ad account and comply with applicable laws, including tax laws.
We do not collect or use Personal Information about users under the age of 13 for advertising or marketing purposes.
If you’re a developer or creator
To take part in the Roblox Developer Exchange Program, you must give us an IRS W-9 form (for U.S. taxpayers) or W-8 form (for non-U.S. taxpayers). We may also ask you to verify your identity by providing a government-issued photo ID through a third-party vendor. This feature is only available to users who are 13 or over. For more information, please visit our
Developer Exchange Terms of Use
.
Other purposes for collecting your information
We also use Personal Information for these general purposes, as permitted by law, in addition to the purposes listed above:
To let you manage your account and our services
To allow you to manage your Roblox account or update your settings
To communicate with you about our Services
To make things better for you
To operate, maintain, personalize, and improve our Service
To research relevant technologies
To provide technical support or customer service
To protect you by keeping our platform safe and secure
To detect security issues, protect against malicious, deceptive or illegal activity, and prosecute anyone responsible for that activity
To find and fix errors or bugs
To give you access to features or limit your access to Roblox, as appropriate
To protect our or our users’ integrity, safety or security
To comply with the law and our policies
To audit interactions and transactions, and carry out any other compliance tasks
To comply with the law and our own Terms of Use, or any other restrictions we’ve put on your use of the Service
You are under no obligation to provide Personal Information to Roblox when requested. However, if you choose to withhold any requested information, we may not be able to provide you with certain services and features.
Cookies and similar technologies
Information collected through cookies
Like most websites, we use cookies and other standard internet technologies to help us make our services better.
Cookies
A cookie is a text file that’s put on your computer or device when you visit a website. It lets the website remember what you do and any settings you choose (e.g., login information, language, font size). Cookies make your experience more convenient – for example, if the cookie remembers your log-in details, you won’t have to enter them again each time you visit the site. Some cookies last longer than others:
Session cookies are deleted each time you close the browser
Persistent cookies stay on the device for a defined period of time.
A cookie set by the owner of the web server you are visiting is called a first-party cookie and cookies set by owners of other domains are called third-party cookies.
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons
A pixel tag or web beacon is a piece of code that tells its owner what you do on a web page. Pixel tags provide information like which web pages you visited or which ads you clicked on.
How we use cookies
We use technology like cookies to recognize you and customize your experience. We and any third-parties might use these technologies whenever you visit our sites or use our Services.
We collect information about the devices and software you use, for example:
the type of browser or device
the website or source that linked or referred you to our services
your IP address, device ID or other identifier that identifies your computer or mobile device – this cookie is not deleted when you close your browser
the operating system of your computer or device
These technologies allow us to:
record and keep your preferences, account settings, and certain login information (for your convenience, e.g. to prevent you from needing to choose settings every time you visit, and security)
collect information about how you use the Services, for example, how you downloaded our app or where you downloaded it from
collect information on how software is used on your mobile device
collect information about what features you use and how well our services work
identify any suspicious activities so we can try to protect users from payment fraud and other inappropriate activities
collect demographic information (eg, age, location, etc)
perform similar functions.
We use cookies or similar technologies only for the purposes given in this privacy policy.
Your cookie rights in the EEA
When you visit our website with an EEA IP address, a cookie banner will appear asking you for your consent. You can manage your choice by clicking on “manage cookie preferences” in the cookie banner. We will save your choices in the form of a cookie. This cookie has a limited effective period of one year. For more information, see Section 7 below.
Third-party advertising companies
We partner with third-party advertising companies such as ad server companies and ad networks. If you interact with content or reach Roblox through a link in an advertisement, we or our service providers may give these third-party advertising companies identifiers from your device, such as an IP address or device ID. We collect this information to help us to promote and market our Services better.
For users under 13 years old, Roblox partners with third-party advertising companies:
to display contextual advertising that is based on the content of the game you play
to limit how much advertising is shown to you if you’re under 13 years old
to provide related uses permitted by COPPA.
If you’re under 13 years old, Roblox will not show these types of advertising to you:
behaviorally targeted ads – these are ads that are shown according to a user’s behavior on a website or app
retargeted ads – these are ads that are sent after a user starts a purchasing process but does not finish it. The ad tries to get the user to finish the purchase.
We do not collect any information from users under 13 years old for the purposes of directing targeted advertising.
Your cookie choices
For Roblox.com, click on the link in the footer at the bottom of the page to access your cookie options. For all other sites, please clear your cookies and refresh your browser to display the cookie banner to access its settings.
Most web and mobile device browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser settings so that cookies are not accepted or you are warned before a cookie is set.
Use information from browser companies to learn more about how they manage cookies:
Google Chrome:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-GB
,
Microsoft Edge:
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/delete-cookies-in-microsoft-edge-63947406-40ac-c3b8-57b9-2a946a29ae09
,
Mozilla Firefox:
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer
,
Safari (Desktop):
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042?locale=en_US
,
Safari (Mobile):
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201265
,
Android Browser:
https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/54068
,
Opera:
https://www.opera.com/help
.
You can also learn more about cookies by visiting
https://www.allaboutcookies.org/
, which also tells you how to block or delete cookies that are already on your device.
By blocking or deleting cookies used, you might limit your experience of the Service. You might not be able to log in or experience the Roblox.
When you visit our website with an EEA IP address, a cookie banner will appear asking you for your consent. You can manage your choice by clicking on “manage cookie preferences” in the cookie banner. We will save your choices in the form of a cookie. This cookie has a limited effective period of one year. For more details see Section 7 below.
To stop companies from tracking you on their websites
You can ask us or a third party to disable advertising-related tracking on our websites. To disable this tracking, we or the third party may need to set an opt-out cookie on your browser. You may need to change your browser settings to accept cookies if you want to fully disable advertising-related tracking. Please note that our Services do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
On our corporate websites or in job applications
The parts of this privacy policy that are about experiences or give information about users under 13 years old don’t apply to the corporate websites.
If you contact us about job opportunities, we may ask for your name, email address and employment details. Or you may send us a CV or job application with this information. We have the right to use this information to send you corporate-related information to you or respond to your job application. If you engage with Roblox in an immersive space for prospective employees, such as the Roblox Career Center, such a space may be recorded in order to provide the experience.
Our corporate websites give general company information to any user that visits them – they use the domain names, corp.roblox.com, blog.roblox.com, and their subdomains. On these sites, we give information about the corporate side of Roblox, press information, career information, and other general audience information. Our corporate websites do not offer any experiences.
When we share your information
We may share Personal Information where necessary
When other companies need Personal Information to provide a service on our behalf
We may share your information, including Personal Information, with other companies (known as third-party agents, contractors, or service providers). We hire these companies to perform services for us. These companies are only allowed to use the information we share to complete the relevant tasks. They are not allowed to use the information we share for any other purpose, including selling Personal Information. We make sure that all companies that we share information with are capable of looking after the information properly. Personal Information collected through the SMS program, won’t be shared, sold or rented to third parties.
Here are examples of the services that we might rely on other companies to provide, and examples of the companies that we are likely to share information with.
Account integrity and security services (e.g., Veriff, Persona, Arkose Labs);
Analytics services (e.g., Google LLC);
User acquisition services (e.g., AppsFlyer);
Community filtering and moderation services;
Customer support services (e.g., Zendesk);
Surveys and promotions (e.g., Reach3);
Social media log-in services (e.g., SAP Customer Data Cloud);
Billing and payment services (e.g., Kount, Worldpay, PayPal, Incomm, Blackhawk, Google, Apple, Amazon, Windows Store, Xbox, Playstation, Meta Quest, Xsolla)
Hosting and content delivery services (eg, AWS, Equinix, CenturyLink, YouTube, Vimeo).
When creators need Personal Information to improve your experience
The creators of the experiences you use or content you interact with will have access to your username, display name, user ID, game metrics, UGC transaction details, and your regional location (which we base on your IP address). We do not share your IP address with the creators.
We provide creators with the regional location of players to determine their player base and make sure their experiences meet the legal requirements of the country you live in.
For legal reasons or to help prevent a crime
We may share your Personal Information, as permitted or required by law, if:
necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process served on Roblox
law enforcement agencies, regulators, or other public agencies (including schools or children's services) request that we share it
we believe that disclosing the information may prevent a crime
we believe it is necessary to protect our legal rights or the legal rights of others
a law requires us to share it
To help ensure safety and security
We may share your Personal Information if we believe that sharing would:
help an investigation into public safety or a violation of our Terms of Use
protect the safety of Roblox users or others
reduce risk to user safety or security, or if collaborating with others is necessary to protect users
help to protect the security or integrity of our Services
If we need to protect ourselves against legal responsibility
We may share your information if we believe that disclosing the information will allow us to take precautions against taking legal responsibility (liability) or to protect our rights.
If there is a transfer of rights in our business e.g., if we sell our business
We may hand over rights to access your information, including Personal Information:
as part of a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, or similar transaction
if information is handed over as a business asset in an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership
Where required by law, we will notify you and ask you to consent to such sharing.
We may disclose Personal Information to third parties
For Advertising Purposes
Roblox may disclose information collected from or about you with third-party advertising companies and/or advertising measurement companies to select advertisements for you, or measure and improve advertising effectiveness. In accordance with applicable law, we provide our users with choices about whether data is disclosed for this purpose. Data disclosed for this purpose includes:
Contact Identifiers
Characteristics or demographics
Device identifiers
You can exercise choices about data processing for this purpose by visiting your account’s
privacy settings page
. Depending on where you live, you may have additional rights that apply. For region-specific information, please visit Section 7 of this policy. Disclosing data for the purposes described in this Section may be considered a “sale” or “share” of personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act. California residents can find more information about your rights in the
US State Privacy Policy Addendum
. We do not collect any information from users under 13 years old for the purposes of directing targeted advertising.
Roblox Commerce
If you directly interact with a Commerce Provider to purchase a Commerce Product(s) on Roblox, Roblox and the Commerce Provider may need to exchange information about your purchase in order to fulfill the transaction. This involves Roblox or the Commerce Provider creating a transaction identifier that allows each party to confirm certain information about the transaction, such as whether a purchase has been completed. Any information you provide directly to the Commerce Provider in order to complete a transaction is independently collected by the Commerce Provider and will be subject to the Commerce Provider’s applicable terms and policies.
We may share information that does not identify you
In some circumstances, we share data that doesn’t identify you, for example:
To comply with reporting requirements
For any business or marketing purposes
To help us and others understand how, when, and why users visit our sites and use Roblox.
We may share non-identifying data of all users regardless of their age.
We’re not responsible if you share your own Personal Information
If you’re 13 years old or over, you can share your Personal Information through chat, forums, messages or similar ways of sharing on our Service. Remember that anyone who uses these features will be able to see anything you share in this way. We are not responsible for how your Personal Information is used if you shared it yourself.
Looking after your information
Security measures
We have security measures that are intended to protect any Personal Information or other sensitive information under our control from loss, misuse, or alteration. Though we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of information will never occur, we use reasonable efforts to prevent it.
Sending or storing information on the Internet is not 100% secure, so we can’t guarantee the security of any information you share with us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
We’ll tell you if your privacy is at risk
We may send you emails or other messages about security, privacy, and account management. If we learn about an incident that may qualify as a data breach under the law, we will notify you in accordance with the law.
How long we keep your information
We may keep your Personal Information for specific purposes as long as we need it to fulfill those purposes, sometimes even if you’ve stopped using Roblox’s Services. When we no longer require your Personal Information, we will de-identify or delete the information. Here are the reasons we may need to keep your information:
For resolving problems
We keep billing information and transaction histories so that we can resolve billing disputes or inquiries.
We keep user account history to solve any customer service issues and to provide, improve, and develop our service.
To make our services safer
We may keep information if it will help us make our Service safer and more secure, such as to stop bad actors who try to misuse Roblox.
For legal reasons
We may keep information for legal reasons, like establishing legal defenses, conducting audits, pursuing legitimate business purposes, enforcing our agreements, exercising our rights, or complying with legal obligations.
Letting other users keep your information
Other users may keep publicly shared content and virtual items on our platform (e.g., if you create a virtual shirt and then sell it to another user, the virtual shirt will be kept on the platform because the other user now possesses it).
Where we store your information
Roblox is based in the United States. We send information we collect from you to our secure servers in the U.S. where we store and use it. This storage is necessary for us to process the information.
We may also transfer information that we collect from you to our other offices and to the third parties mentioned in Section 4 of this Policy – these might be outside your region. Our agents or contractors may also use your information. The data protection laws of the U.S. or other countries may not be equivalent to those where you live.
Wherever we transfer your Personal Information, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected. If required by applicable legislation, we rely on a valid international data transfer mechanism to enable cross-border data transfers.
Privacy Policy Changes and Updates
We update this Privacy Policy at times, so you should review this page regularly. We always publish the date of the latest version at the bottom of this page.
If we make any major changes, we will let you know by email (if we have your email address or a parent’s or legal guardian’s email address) or by showing a prominent notice on this website or in app prior to the change becoming effective. If required by law, we will obtain your consent or the consent of a parent or legal guardian if any of these changes involve new material uses of your Personal Information not previously disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
Additional information based on where you live
If you live in certain regions, you may have additional choices about your Personal Information or rights that apply to data processing. This section contains additional information based on where you live.
If you want to exercise your rights or make another request about your Personal Information, or if you want us to make another request about your Personal Information, please fill in the Customer Support Form. If you’re under 13 years old, please have your parent or guardian fill out the form.
If you live in the United States
If you live in the United States, please visit our US State Privacy Policy Addendum for more information.
If you live in the Republic of Korea
If you’re in Korea, more information is located in the Privacy Policy Addendum for Users in Republic of Korea.
If you live in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom (UK) or Switzerland
Categories of Personal Information and Data Processing Purposes
In the course of visiting our websites and apps, and/or using our services and products, we may process the following Personal Information subject to the legal bases mentioned below:
Setting up a Roblox account
Username and password to create your account. The basis for processing this personal data is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
Email addresses and other information you provided us with for added verification and/or to enable certain features. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) and f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. Roblox has a legitimate interest in providing a safe and secure Service, especially to protect children.
If you choose to provide a phone number, we will use the phone number for security and account access purposes, which will allow you to log in via mobile and recover a lost or forgotten password. You authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Roblox or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”) and f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in enabling you to use our Services via your mobile device, ensuring security, and preventing fraud. Additionally, with your explicit and informed consent, we may use your phone number to recommend you as a friend to others using Roblox. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR (“consent”).
Purchases on Roblox
Billing and payment information, when you participate in Developer Exchange or purchase virtual currency or premium subscriptions on behalf of yourself or another user, including your name, billing address, credit card or other payment information and billing information. You may choose to save information such as your credit card number through a third-party payment provider; in such cases the information is not stored by Roblox; it is stored with the third-party partner. If you purchase Robux on behalf of another Roblox user, we collect contact information, such as email or phone number, in order to communicate with you about the transaction. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”). We may also retain transaction details and purchase and payment history. The legal basis for processing these personal data is our legitimate interest in being able to resolve subsequent billing disputes and inquiries, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”).
Posting content
Comments or messages you post or transmit on Roblox via public chats, forums, group walls, personal post, etc. We process this information to monitor, filter and moderate this information for the purposes of being able to remove profanity, Personal Information, and other inappropriate conversations. Additionally, we may use pre-filtered comments and messages for other purposes such as training and improving our filter technology. The legal basis for this processing activity is Roblox’s legitimate interest in being able to defend ourselves from possible liability claims that may arise from unlawful comments posted by you, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”). Please note that any Personal Information submitted by you in forums and similar means offered by us is available to anyone who has access to this forum including other users. The Personal Information posted by you can be read, collected or used by other users of these forums and could be used to send unsolicited messages.
Asking questions or getting technical support
Information relating to contacting our customer service, e.g. when you report a problem, submit questions, concerns or comments. We may process your email address, your name and information relating to your inquiry or concern in order to respond to your communications, fulfill your requests, or provide other customer support. This processing activity is based on Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”), depending on the initial purpose for contacting our customer support.
Using Roblox Features
Information relating to your use of or interaction with third party plug-ins, e.g. social plugins from Google, Facebook or Twitter. When you use these features, certain information from your social media accounts may be accessed by or shared with Roblox, and likewise, certain information about your use of Roblox may be posted to your profile on those platforms. The legal bases for this processing activity are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f (“legitimate interest”). If you use your Roblox credentials to sign in to a third-party website or service, and later delete your Roblox account, you may lose access to such third-party website or service.
When you use voice based services from Roblox, we will collect, process and store your voice recording to enable voice services and make our voice-related services safer. We will not engage in training or product improvement with private server voice chat recordings of EEA users. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) GDPR and Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f (“legitimate interest”). With your consent, we will use voice recordings to inform training and product improvement. The basis for processing this personal data for training and product improvement is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a (“consent”).
When you request or agree to location-based services (users 13 years old and older), we may collect and track geolocation information so that we can offer services that depend on us knowing where you are. Examples are personalizing content or advertising. We collect this information by using an identifier on your device or browser so that we can recognize you each time you return. To stop us collecting your location information, you can update your device settings, stop using the service, or uninstall our mobile apps. The basis for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
If you join our experiences on a VR platform, we will collect your physical movement information in order to replicate your movement in the experience. This information is only used to provide the Service and is not stored. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
If you join a virtual event hosted by a Creator, data such as your username, email, and Roblox user ID may be shared with the third-party platform that hosts events. Such data is used to allow you to log in to the experience. Your activity during a Creator Event is subject to the third party platform’s privacy policy as well as the
Roblox Community Standards
. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) to join an event and f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR to ensure the security and integrity of our service.
Information required for additional features that require the use of your camera or upload content, including photos, that contains your Personal Information. If you decide to use these features and upload content that require the use of your camera or upload content that contains your Personal Information, we will collect, process, and store that content only for as long as needed to accomplish the purpose of the feature. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”). For certain uploads, Roblox processes data you upload on the basis of consent, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a (“consent”). For more information, please refer to the
Roblox Facial Animation Privacy Policy
.
Information required for other features or activities, which may be available to our users other than children. We may offer other features or activities on our Services from time to time, and you may be able to submit or upload Personal Information in connection with such features. The data being collected for such features and their intended uses will be evident at the time of data collection. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
If you opt-in to the Contact Importer feature, you consent to sharing with Roblox the first and last names and phone numbers of your contacts in your address book on your mobile phone, either at the time you register for our Service or otherwise. We do so to help you connect with your friends on our Service. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”).
Interacting with our experiences. To improve your experience and ensure safety, we collect information about how you interact with the Services and we connect this information with your account. For example, we may collect information from a user's game state to detect violations of our Terms and to improve our ability to detect such violations; collect information about your behavior when you interact with your device for security and safety purposes; collect information from your search history to give you similar recommendations; share information like your username and transaction details to the UGC creator or subsequent owners, if you acquire a limited item if you purchase, share, trade, or otherwise engage in a transaction involving UGC. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) and f (“legitimate interest”). We may use data collected from your interaction with our experiences for safety or moderation purposes on the basis of Article 6 sec. 1 sent.1 lit. f ("legitimate interest").
Competitions, promotions, and research
When you respond to or participate in voluntary research or surveys or studies. These surveys may collect information about your likes and dislikes, experience interests and habits, general hobbies and interests, and other lifestyle information or preferences. These surveys may ask for Personal Information. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR (“consent”).
Information relating to your participation in contests, competitions, sweepstakes, giveaways, prize draws or other promotions that we may run on our Service or sponsor from time to time. We may process certain contact information (such as your name, email address, and/or phone number) for prize fulfillment purposes, as well as other information or content needed for the specific promotion. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”).
Advertising
To market our services, inter alia, via social media platforms in order to bring new users to our websites and to maintain and increase our user base, we may process Personal Information such as IP addresses, information on users’ browser or operating system, including language settings, regional location information and user names or user IDs. To the extent these practices involve the processing of Personal Information, the legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR (“consent”).
When you choose to create an Ad Account, we may collect additional information for your account (such as name, email, address, business information, etc.) in order to create an account. The basis for processing this personal data is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”). We may also retain transaction details and purchase and payment history. The legal basis for processing these personal data is our legitimate interest in being able to resolve subsequent disputes and inquiries, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”).
If you’re a developer or creator
Information required for participating in our Roblox Developer Exchange Program, like the IRS W-9 form (for U.S. taxpayers) or W-8 form (for non-U.S. taxpayers). The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 sec.1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”) with regard to U.S. law requirements. It is our legitimate interest to comply with the legal requirements, especially with regard to U.S. anti-money laundering laws.
Other purposes for collecting your information
Login information, which may include your IP address, device type, username, password, date and time of your visit, information on your browser version, information on your operating system, including language settings, MAC addresses, and User ID. We will process this information to provide you with our Service. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) and lit. f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. It is in our legitimate interest to guarantee the Services’ stability and security.
Account information, e.g. information such as your name, username, login and password details, regional location information, user-generated content, contact details that you choose to provide to us, and other Personal Information that are used for participating in the Service we are offering. We process this information to provide our Services to you. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”).
Cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies. Some of these cookies are necessary for the basic functioning of the website and therefore cannot be deactivated. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”) and Art. 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”) because we have a legitimate interest to guarantee the Services’ stability and security. We will use optional cookies only if you have previously consented to such use. When you visit our website with an EEA IP address, a cookie banner will appear asking you for your consent. You can manage your choice by clicking on “manage cookie preferences” in the cookie banner. We will save your choices in the form of a cookie. This cookie has a limited effective period of one year. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR (“consent”). In addition, you can also manage cookies using your browser settings. For further information on cookies and similar technologies see Section 3 above.
On our corporate websites or in job applications
Information relating to a job application made by you, like your name, email address, employment details, CV, resume or other details of your employment history sent by you. We will process this information to process and respond to your job application. If you engage with Roblox in an immersive space for prospective employees, such as the Roblox Career Center, such a space may be recorded in order to provide the experience. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“necessary for entering into an employment contract with us”).
Automated Decision-Making
Please note that we do not use your Personal Information for automated decision making which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
Personal Information of Children and Parental Consent
Please note that when users under the age of 13 register for the Service, their account is automatically set to privacy-protective settings by default. This means that these users will not have access to certain features, such as social media plug-ins, some forms of third party advertising, and certain types of notification alerts.
When a child creates an account on Roblox, we may process a username, password, birthdate, and gender (gender is optional). Separate from account creation, users may optionally provide a parent email address. We process this information to give the user access to the Service and to communicate with the parent about the child’s account (if a parent email was provided). For example, we may use the parent’s email to send an email notification about the child’s account and an invitation for the parent to review the account and update settings. We may use the birthdate the child provides when signing up for the Service to determine which features on Roblox the child should have access to and to determine when the child will turn 13 years old and can be given broader access to features on our Service. This processing activity is based on Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”). In general, we will not use or share account information (including Personal Information) from a child’s account except for the permissible purposes stated in this Privacy Policy, and, if required by law, only with the prior verifiable consent of a parent or legal guardian (Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a and Article 8 sec. 1 GDPR).
Data Sharing
Roblox may share users’ information, including Personal Information like billing information or usernames, with our third-party agents, contractors, or service providers who are hired to perform services on Roblox’s behalf.
These providers may operate or support certain functions of the Service. Below is an illustrative list of functions for which we may use third party service providers and the names of the providers we may use to perform these functions:
Account Integrity and Security (e.g., Veriff, Persona, Arkose Labs);
Analytics services (e.g., Google LLC);
User Acquisition services (e.g., AppsFlyer);
Community filtering and moderation services;
Customer support services (e.g., Zendesk);
Surveys and promotions (e.g., Reach3);
Social Media Log-in (e.g., SAP Customer Data Cloud);
Billing services and payment gateway providers (e.g., Kount, Worldpay, PayPal, Incomm, Blackhawk, Google, Apple, Amazon, Windows Store, Xbox, Playstation, Meta Quest, Xsolla); and
Hosting and content delivery network services (e.g., AWS, Equinix, CenturyLink, YouTube, Vimeo).
The legal basis for this data transfer and processing activity is Article 28 of GDPR in conjunction with the data processing agreements we concluded with respective third-party agents. These agents and contractors are only allowed to use the information shared with them only for the specific tasks they’ve been hired to do and consistent with this Privacy Policy, and for no other purposes. Roblox takes steps to ensure that all service providers with access to Personal Information are capable of protecting the information we share with them.
Further, the creators of the experiences you use or content you interact with will have access to your username, display name, user ID, game metrics, UGC transaction details, and your regional location (which we base on your IP address). We do not share your IP address with the creators. We provide creators with the regional location of players to determine their player base and make sure their experiences meet the legal requirements of the country you live in. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”), Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. c (“compliance with legal obligation”) in compliance with the respective EEA or Member State law and lit. f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. It is the creators’ legitimate interest to comply with non-EEA legal obligations.
With your consent, Roblox will disclose information collected from or about you with advertisers and/or advertising measurement companies to select advertisements for you, or measure and improve advertising effectiveness. Data disclosed for this purpose includes contact identifiers and device identifiers. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. sent. 1 lit. a (“consent”).
If you directly interact with a Commerce Provider to purchase a Commerce Product(s) on Roblox, Roblox and the Commerce Provider may need to exchange information about your purchase in order to fulfill the transaction. This involves Roblox or the Commerce Provider creating a transaction identifier that allows each party to confirm certain information about the transaction, such as whether a purchase has been completed. The legal basis for data sharing required to facilitate a purchase you make through a fulfillment partner is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
Legal disclosure
We may disclose Personal Information about you, including the content of your communications on the Service, to comply with legal process, including court orders and subpoenas, served on our Service. In addition, we also may disclose Personal Information about you, including content, in response to a request from law enforcement agencies, regulators, or other public agencies (including schools or children services), if we believe that there is a risk to user safety or security, and collaborating with other organizations when necessary to protect users, or if such disclosure may (i) prevent the instigation of a crime, (ii) facilitate an investigation related to public safety or protect the safety of a user on our Service, (iii) protect the security or integrity of our Service, or (iv) enable us to take precautions against liability or to protect our rights or the rights of others. The legal basis for such disclosure is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. c (“compliance with legal obligation”) in compliance with the respective EEA or Member State law and lit. f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. It is our legitimate interest to comply with the legal requirements of U.S. law. Further, we have a legitimate interest in these purposes.
Storage and international transfer of your Personal Information
Roblox is based in the U.S. Your Personal Information that we collect is sent to and stored on secure servers located in the United States of America. Such storage is necessary in order to process the information. Some of our agents and third-party service providers are located outside the European Economic Area, e.g. the United States. The data protection laws of the United States or other countries may not be as comprehensive or equivalent to those in your country of residence. Wherever we transfer your Personal Information, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected, e.g. conclude the
EU Standard Contractual Clauses
with third parties.
Your rights as a Data Subject
If you are a user based in the European Economic Area, you may be entitled to exercise some or all of the following rights:
Request (i) information whether your Personal Information is retained and (ii) access to or duplicates of your Personal Information retained, including the purposes of the processing, the categories of Personal Information concerned, and the data recipients as well as potential retention periods;
Request rectification, removal or restriction of your Personal Information, e.g. because (i) it is incomplete or inaccurate, (ii) it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected, or (iii) the consent on which the processing was based has been withdrawn;
Refuse to provide and – without impact to data processing activities that have taken place before such withdrawal – withdraw your consent to processing of your Personal Information at any time;
Object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to processing of your Personal Information, in case such processing is either based on our or a third party’s legitimate interests or on a performance of a task carried out in the public interest. In this case, please provide us with information about your particular situation. After the assessment of the facts presented by you we will either stop processing your Personal Information or present you our compelling legitimate grounds for an ongoing processing;
Object to the use of your Personal Information for direct marketing at any time;
Request (i) to receive the Personal Information concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and (ii) to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from our side. Where technically feasible you shall have the right to have the Personal Information transmitted directly from us to another controller.
You may (i) exercise the rights referred to above, (ii) pose any questions, or (iii) make any complaints regarding our data processing by contacting us under the contact details set out above in Sec. 1.
Further, you may take legal actions in relation to any potential breach of your rights regarding the processing of your Personal Information, as well as to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulators.
If you live in Brazil
Categories of Personal Information and Data Processing Purposes
In the course of visiting our websites and apps, and/or using our services and products, we may process the following Personal Information:
Setting up a Roblox account
Username and password to create your account.
Email addresses and other information you provided us with for added verification and/or to enable certain features. Roblox has a legitimate interest in providing a safe and secure Service, especially to protect children.
If you choose to provide a phone number, we will use the phone number for security and account access purposes, which will allow you to log in via mobile and recover a lost or forgotten password. You authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Roblox or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud. We have a legitimate interest in enabling you to use our Services via your mobile device, ensuring security, and preventing fraud. Additionally, with your explicit and informed consent, we may use your phone number to recommend you as a friend to others using Roblox.
Purchases on Roblox
Billing and payment information, when you participate in Developer Exchange or purchase virtual currency or premium subscriptions on behalf of yourself or another user, including your name, billing address, credit card or other payment information and billing information. You may choose to save information such as your credit card number through a third-party payment provider; in such cases the information is not stored by Roblox; it is stored with the third-party partner. We may also retain transaction details and purchase and payment history. If you purchase Robux on behalf of another Roblox user, we collect contact information, such as email or phone number, in order to communicate with you about the transaction.
Posting content
Comments or messages you post or transmit on Roblox via public chats, forums, group walls, personal post, etc. We process this information to monitor, filter and moderate this information for the purposes of being able to remove profanity, Personal Information, and other inappropriate conversations. Additionally, we may use pre-filtered comments and messages for other purposes such as training and improving our filter technology. Please note that any Personal Information submitted by you in forums and similar means offered by us is available to anyone who has access to this forum including other users. The Personal Information posted by you can be read, collected or used by other users of these forums and could be used to send unsolicited messages.
Asking questions or getting technical support
Information relating to contacting our customer service, e.g. when you report a problem, submit questions, concerns or comments. We may process your email address, your name and information relating to your inquiry or concern in order to respond to your communications, fulfill your requests, or provide other customer support.
Using Roblox Features
Information relating to your use of or interaction with third party plug-ins, e.g. social plugins from Google, Facebook or Twitter. When you use these features, certain information from your social media accounts may be accessed by or shared with Roblox, and likewise, certain information about your use of Roblox may be posted to your profile on those platforms. If you use your Roblox credentials to sign in to a third-party website or service, and later delete your Roblox account, you may lose access to such third-party website or service.
When you use voice based services from Roblox, we will collect, process, and store your voice recording to enable voice services and make our voice-related services safer. We will not engage in training or product improvement with private server voice chat recordings of Brazil users. With your consent, we will use voice recordings to inform training and product improvement.
When you request or agree to location-based services (users 13 years old and older), we may collect and track geolocation information so that we can offer services that depend on us knowing where you are. Examples are personalizing content or advertising. We collect this information by using an identifier on your device or browser so that we can recognize you each time you return. To stop us collecting your location information, you can update your device settings, stop using the service, or uninstall our mobile apps.
If you join our experiences on a VR platform, we will collect your physical movement information in order to replicate your movement in the experience. This information is only used to provide the Service and is not stored.
If you join a virtual event hosted by a Creator, data such as your username, email, and Roblox user ID may be shared with the third-party platform that hosts events. Such data is used to allow you to log in to the experience. Your activity during a Creator Event is subject to the third party platform’s privacy policy as well as the
Roblox Community Standards
.
Information required for additional features that require the use of your camera or upload content, including photos, that contains your Personal Information. If you decide to use these features and upload content, we will collect, process, and store that content to accomplish the purpose of the feature. For more information, please refer to the
Roblox Facial Animation Privacy Policy
.
Information required for other features or activities, which may be available to our users other than children. We may offer other features or activities on our Services from time to time, and you may be able to submit or upload Personal Information in connection with such features. The data being collected for such features and their intended uses will be evident at the time of data collection.
If you opt-in to the Contact Importer feature, you consent to sharing with Roblox the first and last names and phone numbers of your contacts in your address book on your mobile phone, either at the time you register for our Service or otherwise. We do so to help you connect with your friends on our Service.
Interacting with our experiences. To improve your experience and ensure safety, we collect information about how you interact with the Services and we connect this information with your account. For example, we may collect information from a user's game state to detect violations of our Terms and to improve our ability to detect such violations; collect information about your behavior when you interact with your device for security and safety purposes; collect information from your search history to give you similar recommendations; share information like your username and transaction details to the UGC creator or subsequent owners, if you acquire a limited item if you purchase, share, trade, or otherwise engage in a transaction involving UGC.
Competitions, promotions, and research
When you respond to or participate in voluntary research or surveys or studies. These surveys may collect information about your likes and dislikes, experience interests and habits, general hobbies and interests, and other lifestyle information or preferences. These surveys may ask for Personal Information.
Information relating to your participation in contests, competitions, sweepstakes, giveaways, prize draws or other promotions that we may run on our Service or sponsor from time to time. We may process certain contact information (such as your name, email address, and/or phone number) for prize fulfillment purposes, as well as other information or content needed for the specific promotion.
Advertising
To market our services, inter alia, via social media platforms in order to bring new users to our websites and to maintain and increase our user base, we may process Personal Information such as IP addresses, information on users’ browser or operating system, including language settings, regional location information and user names or user IDs.
When you choose to create an Ad Account, we may collect additional information for your account (such as name, email, address, business information, etc.) in order to create an account. We may also retain transaction details and purchase and payment history.
If you’re a developer or creator
Information required for participating in our Roblox Developer Exchange Program, like the IRS W-9 form (for U.S. taxpayers) or W-8 form (for non-U.S. taxpayers). It is our legitimate interest to comply with the legal requirements, especially with regard to U.S. anti-money laundering laws.
Other purposes for collecting your information
Login information, which may include your IP address, device type, username, password, date and time of your visit, information on your browser version, information on your operating system, including language settings, MAC addresses, and User ID. We will process this information to provide you with our Service. It is in our legitimate interest to guarantee the Services’ stability and security.
Account information, e.g. information such as your name, username, login and password details, regional location information, user-generated content, contact details that you choose to provide to us, and other Personal Information that are used for participating in the Service we are offering. We process this information to provide our Services to you.
Cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies. Some of these cookies are necessary for the basic functioning of the website and therefore cannot be deactivated. We will use optional cookies only if you have previously consented to such use. You can manage your choice by clicking on “manage cookie preferences” in the cookie banner. We will save your choices in the form of a cookie. This cookie has a limited effective period of one year. In addition, you can also manage cookies using your browser settings. For further information on cookies and similar technologies see Section 3 above.
On our corporate websites or in job applications
Information relating to a job application made by you, like your name, email address, employment details, CV, resume or other details of your employment history sent by you. If you engage with Roblox in an immersive space for prospective employees, such as the Roblox Career Center, such a space may be recorded in order to provide the experience. We will process this information to process and respond to your job application.
Automated Decision-Making
Please note that we do not use your Personal Information for automated decision making which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
Personal Information of Children and Parental Consent
Please note that when users under the age of 13 register for the Service, their account is automatically set to to privacy-protective settings by default. This means that these users will not have access to certain features, such as social media plug-ins, some forms of third party advertising, and certain types of notification alerts.
When a child creates an account on Roblox, we may process a username, password, birthdate, and gender (gender is optional). Separate from account creation, users may optionally provide the user access to the Service and to communicate with the parent about the child’s account (if a parent email was provided). For example, we may use the parent’s email to send an email notification about the child’s account and an invitation for the parent to review their child's account and update settings. We may use the birthdate the child provides when signing up for the Service to determine which features on Roblox the child should have access to and to determine when the child will turn 13 years old and can be given broader access to features on our Service.
In general, we will not use or share account information (including Personal Information) from a child's account except for the permissible purposes stated in this Privacy Policy and, where applicable, only with the prior verifiable consent of a parent or legal guardian.
Data Sharing
Roblox may share users’ information, including Personal Information like billing information or usernames, with our third-party agents, contractors, or service providers who are hired to perform services on Roblox’s behalf.
These providers may operate or support certain functions of the Service. Below is an illustrative list of functions for which we may use third party service providers and the names of the providers we may use to perform these functions:
Account Integrity and Security (e.g., Veriff, Persona, Arkose Labs);
Analytics services (e.g., Google LLC);
User Acquisition services (e.g., AppsFlyer);
Community filtering and moderation services;
Customer support services (e.g., Zendesk);
Surveys and promotions (e.g., Reach3);
Social Media Log-in (e.g., SAP Customer Data Cloud);
Billing services and payment gateway providers (e.g., Kount, Worldpay, PayPal, Incomm, Blackhawk, Google, Apple, Amazon, Windows Store, Xbox, Playstation, Meta Quest, Xsolla); and
Hosting and content delivery network services (e.g., AWS, Equinix, CenturyLink, YouTube, Vimeo).
These agents and contractors are only allowed to use the information shared with them only for the specific tasks they’ve been hired to do and consistent with this Privacy Policy, and for no other purposes. Roblox takes steps to ensure that all service providers with access to Personal Information are capable of protecting the information we share with them.
Further, the creators of the experiences you use or content you interact with will have access to your username, display name, user ID, game metrics, UGC transaction details, and your regional location (which we base on your IP address). We do not share your IP address with the creators. We provide creators with the regional location of players to determine their player base and make sure their experiences meet the legal requirements of the country you live in.
With your consent, Roblox will disclose information collected from or about you with advertisers and/or advertising measurement companies to select advertisements for you, or measure and improve advertising effectiveness. Data disclosed for this purpose includes contact identifiers and device identifiers.
If you directly interact with a Commerce Provider to purchase a Commerce Product(s) on Roblox, Roblox and the Commerce Provider may need to exchange information about your purchase in order to fulfill the transaction. This involves Roblox or the Commerce Provider creating a transaction identifier that allows each party to confirm certain information about the transaction, such as whether a purchase has been completed.
Legal disclosure
We may disclose Personal Information about you, including the content of your communications on the Service, to comply with legal process, including court orders and subpoenas, served on our Service. In addition, we also may disclose Personal Information about you, including content, in response to a request from law enforcement agencies, regulators, or other public agencies (including schools or children services), if we believe that there is a risk to user safety or security, and collaborating with other organizations when necessary to protect users, or if such disclosure may (i) prevent the instigation of a crime, (ii) facilitate an investigation related to public safety or protect the safety of a user of our Service, (iii) protect the security or integrity of our Service, (iv) enable us to take precautions against liability or to protect our rights or the rights of others, or (v) when otherwise required by applicable laws.
Storage and international transfer of your Personal Information
Roblox is based in the U.S. Your Personal Information that we collect is sent to and stored on secure servers located in the United States of America. Such storage is necessary in order to process the information.
Some of our agents and third-party service providers are located outside of Brazil, e.g. the United States. The data protection laws of the United States or other countries may not be as comprehensive or equivalent to those in Brazil. Wherever we transfer your Personal Information, we will take reasonable steps to ensure we rely on a legitimate international transfer mechanism, as set out in Brazilian data protection laws.
Your rights as a Data Subject
As a data subject located in Brazil, you have rights regarding your Personal Information. We provide mechanisms, as detailed below, so that you have clarity and transparency in exercising your rights. As a data subject, you have the following rights:
Confirm whether or not we process your Personal Information
Access your Personal Information
Correct incomplete, inaccurate, or outdated Personal Information
Anonymize, block or delete unnecessary, excessive Personal Information or data processed in non-compliance with LGPD
Port your Personal Information to another service provider, upon express request and subject to our trade secrets, in accordance with the regulations of the supervisory authority
Delete Personal Information processed under your consent if it is withdrawn, when applicable
Request information about public and private entities with which we shared your Personal Information
Request information about the possibility of not providing consent and about the consequences of doing so
Withdraw your consent, where applicable
Request information about with whom we share your Personal Information
Object to processing activities that violates LGPD’s provisions
Before responding to any of your requests, we may ask you to provide us with some information to confirm your identity. We will only respond to your request after validating your identity.
Please also note that these rights are not absolute and may not apply in certain circumstances. For example, we may continue to process and retain Personal Information regardless of your request to delete, object, block or anonymize it, to comply with legal, contractual and/or regulatory obligations, and to protect and exercise rights, including in judicial, administrative and arbitration proceedings, and as otherwise required by law. To exercise your rights or ask questions, you can contact us by completing this
Customer Support Form
. To appeal a decision about your privacy rights, please contact our Brazilian Data Protection Officer by emailing
privacy@roblox.com
, or otherwise reaching out to us as described in Section 1.
DE - Roblox-Datenschutz- und Cookie-Richtlinie 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
EN - Roblox Privacy and Cookie Policy 20250314.pdf
400 KB
Download
ES - Política de privacidad y de cookies de Roblox 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
FR - Politique de confidentialité et de cookies de Roblox 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
ID - Kebijakan Privasi dan Cookie Roblox 20250314.pdf
400 KB
Download
IT - Informativa sulla privacy e sui cookie di Roblox 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
JA - Roblox プライバシーおよびクッキーポリシー 20250314.pdf
1000 KB
Download
KO - Roblox 개인정보 처리방침 및 쿠키 정책 20250314.pdf
900 KB
Download
PT-BR - Política de Privacidade e de Cookies da Roblox 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
ZH-CN - Roblox 隐私和 Cookie 政策 20250314.pdf
900 KB
Download
ZH-TW - Roblox 隱私權和 Cookie 政策 20250314.pdf
1000 KB
Download
PL - Zasady ochrony prywatności i dotyczące plików cookie Roblox 20250314.pdf
700 KB
Download
TH - นโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวและคุกกี้ของ Roblox 20250314.pdf
700 KB
Download
TR - Roblox Gizlilik ve Çerez Politikası 20250314.pdf
600 KB
Download
VI - Chính sách Quyền riêng tư và Cookie của Roblox 20250314.pdf
1 MB
Download
NL - privacy- en cookiebeleid van Roblox 20250314.pdf
500 KB
Download
AR - سياسة الخصوصية وملف تعريف الارتباط الخاصة بـ Roblox 20250314.pdf
1 MB
Download
Recently viewed articles
Roblox Biometric Privacy Notice
Roblox Facial Animation Privacy Notice
US State Privacy Policy Addendum
Related articles
Roblox Terms of Use
Roblox Community Standards
Content Maturity Labels
Roblox Accessibility Statement
Roblox Dictionary
We use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience on our site. Visit our
Privacy Policy
for more information on our data collection practices. By clicking Accept, you agree to our use of cookies for the purposes listed in our
Cookie Consent Tool
. To see a complete list of the companies that use these cookies and other technologies and to tell us whether they can be used on your device or not, access our Cookie Consent Tool. You will see this message only once, but you will always be able to set your preferences at any time in the Cookie Consent Tool.
Decline
Accept
Cookie Consent