Your input could not be saved. Please review the highlighted fields.
Your PO number
Packed on commission
yes
no
Do you really want to delete this credit card?
Once deleted the details will no longer be available.
Confirm
Cancel
Are you sure you want to close the checkout process?
Please complete the payment to place your order successfully.
Continue checkout
Exit Checkout
PACKED
icn-075-2-tick_bold
icn-075-2-tick
You will be logged off in
0
minutes.
You have been logged off for security reasons.
Browser cookies disabled
Please enable browser cookies to explore site features properly.
OK
This Website requires your browser to be JavaScript enabled.
Please enable JavaScript and reload this page.
Print
Privacy Policy
UPDATED: JANUARY 2020
This Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how Häfele American Co. (“H
ä
fele”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) collects, uses, shares, and safeguards the information you provide us in using our website (www.hafele.com/us) (the “Site”), the services we offer thereon (the “Services”), and all other services and products offered by Häfele. This Policy also explains the choices you have regarding our use of your information.
What Information We Collect
We collect the following categories and types of personal information from you:
Identifiers
, such as your name, email, postal address, account name, and phone number;
Protected classifications
, like your race, veteran status, and disability status, as provided when you apply for employment;
Financial information
, like your credit card number, debit card number, and bank account information you’ve used in a transaction with us;
Commercial information
, like products you purchased, considered, or viewed on our Site or in our showrooms;
Inferences
drawn from the categories described above in order to create a profile about you to reflect your preferences and characteristics.
We process your personal information for the following purposes:
Purchase product.
When you purchase a product from us by phone or through our Site, we process your identifiers such as your name, phone number, and email and postal address. We also collect your commercial information and inferences from these categories. We collect this information so that we may communicate with you concerning your purchase.
Contact Us.
When you contact us by mail, phone, or email, we process your identifiers, such as your name, phone number, and email address. We also process your professional or employment information and any other information you provide us regarding your question. If available, we also collect your Internet activity information and commercial information. We collect this information so that we can:
a. C
ommunicate with you concerning your questions, comments, or concerns
b. T
roubleshoot where necessary, diagnose technical and service problems
c. P
rovide personalized customer service support
d. P
rocess returns
Create an account with us
. When you create an account online or by phone, we collect your identifiers such as your name, email and mailing address, phone number and account name, so that we may create and manage your online user account and maintain your purchase history.
Request a Catalog or Brochure.
When you request a catalog or brochure, we collect your identifiers, such as your name and email and postal address. We collect this information so that we may correspond with you and maintain a log of our customers.
Apply for employment
. When you apply for employment, we collect your identifiers, such as your name, date of birth, phone number, and email and current address. We collect employment information such as your resume and job referral information. We also collect your education information such as your prior training and any other information you decide to share with us. We collect this information so that we may communicate with you and assess your qualifications for the position for which you applied. You will be provided with more information about how we process this information as part of the application process.
M
aintain and improve our business, Site, and Services.
To maintain and improve our overall business, we collect your identifiers, commercial information, and Internet activity information. We collect this information so that we may:
a. A
dminister our Site and improve our Site usability
b. T
rack user movements on our Site
c. G
ather broad demographic data for aggregate use and
d. R
espond to support needs more efficiently
To prevent harm
. We will process your identifiers, financial information, Internet activity information, and commercial information, if necessary, to law enforcement personnel and agencies, to meet national security requirements, to protect our property, in furtherance of an investigation regarding a breach of the Site rules and policies, or any other illegal activities.
Respond to legal requests
. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to process your identifiers, commercial information, and your Internet activity information.
We collect the following personal information about you automatically:
Log data
. Our servers automatically record Internet activity information sent by your browser, such as your web page or resource request, your IP address, your referring/exit URLs, your browser type and operating system, and the date and time of your request. We also collect certain commercial information, like your search criteria and shopping history.
Cookie data
. We collect information about your Internet activity through cookies and similar tools to enable the functionality of our Site and Services and to assess and improve our Site and Services. For more information on cookies, see the section below titled “What Cookies We Use And Why”.
What Cookies We Use and Why
“Cookies” are small pieces of text sent to and stored by your web browser by a website you visit. We place and store cookies for multiple purposes. Cookies enable us to personalize your viewing experience. When you revisit our Site, we can recognize you by the cookie and customize your experience at the Site accordingly. For example, we use cookies to track Site usage and traffic patterns, prevent fraudulent activity or improve Site security, and assess the performance of the Site.
To enable and improve your browsing and user experience and to track your chat activity on our Site, we use cookies and similar tools for the purposes described below:
Required
: These cookies are required for making use of the Services. These cookies include security cookies to authenticate users, prevent fraudulent use, and protect user data from unauthorized parties as well as session cookies that remember your log-in session so you can move easily within the Services.
Functional
These cookies record some of your activity on the Services as well as information about your device, such as what browser you are running and what pages you access. This information helps us and our third party service providers diagnose server and software errors, and in cases of abuse, track and mitigate the abuse.
Analytics:
Our service providers, including Google use cookies as part of their tools. These cookies allow our service providers and us to recognize and count the number of users of the Services, to see how users move around the Site, and how they engage with different functions, including usage statistics, when they are using the Services. This helps us improve the way our Services work, for example by making sure our users are finding what they need easily.
How To Opt Out Of Cookies
Google Analytics
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to place cookies to collect information on your use of the Site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics to improve the Site. In order to collect this information, Google Analytics may set cookies on your browser or mobile device, or read cookies that are already there. Google Analytics may also receive information about you from apps you have downloaded, that partner with Google. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Site or to another application which partners with Google is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. Please review those policies
here
for information about how Google uses the information provided to Google Analytics and how you can control the information provided to Google. To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you can download the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on for Google Analytics which can be found
here
.
Cookie Settings
If you would like to opt-out of accepting cookies altogether, you can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. However, please note certain features of the Site may not work if you delete or disable cookies. If you reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent, some features of the Site may not function properly.
How We Share Your Personal Information
We share your personal information with service providers to run our business efficiently and to comply with legal and other obligations.
Service Providers
. We may share your identifiers, financial information, Internet activity information, commercial information, and inferences regarding the described categories of information, with our service providers (including IT services, email marketing platforms, financial institutions, and distribution and delivery services)
to perform services for or on our behalf. We share this information in order to facilitate our Services, address IT issues, perform marketing activities, and validate your employment application.
To prevent harm
. If necessary, we will share your identifiers, commercial information, and Internet activity to law enforcement personnel and agencies, to meet national security requirements, to protect our property, in furtherance of an investigation regarding a breach of the Site rules and policies, unauthorized access to or use of the Site or any other illegal activities.
With Your Consent
. Apart from the reasons identified above, we may request your permission to share your personal information for a specific purpose. We will notify you and request consent before you provide the personal information, or before the personal information you have already provided is shared for such purpose.
Corporate Reorganization
. In the event we enter into, or intend to enter into, a transaction that alters the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale, joint venture, assignment, consolidation, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock,  your personal information would be part of the assets shared with third parties, including the buyer or target (and their agents and advisors) for the purpose of facilitating and completing the transaction. If we undergo bankruptcy or liquidation, personal information would be part of the liquidation assets and we would share it with third parties in the course of such proceedings.
How We Store And Protect Your Personal Information
We employ data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. For example, sensitive and private data exchange happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Please be aware that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure, therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security. If you have any security questions, please contact us at the Contact Information below.
Your Choice With Respect To Your Personal Information
We may use your personal information to provide you with specific information about our products and services.  This could include informational mailings of catalogs, brochures, or other promotional material. In addition, we may send you occasional emails to provide information on product promotions or updates. You may unsubscribe to these mailing lists at any time by contacting us with a request to unsubscribe or by clicking the Unsubscribe button on any of our emails.
Your California Rights
As of January 1, 2020, California residents have a right to request information about the categories of personal information we have collected about them, categories of sources from which the personal information was collected, the reasons for collecting the personal information, specific pieces of personal information, and the categories of third parties with whom we shared personal information as well as the right to request specific pieces of this information.  This right is limited to seeking information about the preceding 12 months and such a request may only be made twice in a 12-month period.
California residents have the following rights:
The right to know what personal information we collect, use and disclose, subject to certain exceptions (“Right to Know”).
The right to ask that we delete your personal information, subject to certain exceptions (“Right to Delete”).
The right to opt-out of Häfele sharing your personal information, subject to certain exceptions (“Right to Opt-Out”). At Häfele, we do not sell your personal information as defined by California law.
If you are a California resident and want to submit a request to know your personal information or a request to delete your personal information, please email us at
privacy@hafele.us
or call us at 1-800-240-8317.  Be advised that these rights are not absolute and are subject to some exceptions. In our response to you, should an exception exist, we will communicate this to you.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights, nor will we deny you services, charge you a different price, or provide you with a lesser quality of services.
Do Not Track Disclosure
We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Policy. For more information about DNT, visit
donottrack.us
.
Children’s Privacy
This Site and our Services are not intended for individuals under the age of eighteen (18) years. Accordingly, we do not knowingly collect or share information from children.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We have the discretion to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post a notification on the main page of our Site. If the changes materially affect your rights, our Site will contain a special notice about the changes and, if required by law, will prompt you for your consent for certain changes. We encourage you to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed and understand how changes may impact you.  Each version of this Privacy Policy will be identified by its effective date, which you can find at the top of this Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices, you can contact us at:
Häfele American Co.
3901 Cheyenne Drive
Archdale, NC 27263
800.423.3531
Items could not be added to the shopping list.
To the website of my country
Stay Here