plasq Privacy Policy
plasq takes your privacy very seriously and our policy has been compiled to inform you about how any ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) provided to us is being protected. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your Name, Email address, Mailing address, Phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
We respect the privacy of children and do not collect any more personal information than reasonably necessary to enable them to use our applications and site. Data is retained only for education purposes.
An optional mailing list signup is available within our apps; if you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, please follow the instructions at the bottom of each email or you can email us at
plasq@plasq.com
Please enable JavaScript to see this field.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site. plasq LLC does not have access to any content created by users unless it is submitted to us directly.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize user’s experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you disable cookies, some features will be disabled that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. Please note, you can still place orders.
Third Party Disclosure
No, we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected the personal information of a child under 13 without first receiving verifiable parental consent we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
In order to remove your child’s information please contact us at
plasq@plasq.com
Please enable JavaScript to see this field.
We adhere to the following COPPA tenants:
Parents can review, delete, manage or refuse with whom their child’s information is shared through contacting us directly at
plasq@plasq.com
Please enable JavaScript to see this field.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email within 7 business days.
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders
We may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred
To be accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Email us:
plasq@plasq.com
Please enable JavaScript to see this field.
Write us:
plasq LLC
636 Longpoint Rd. #124
Mt. Pleasant, SC, 29464
Call us: (888) 802-1432
Last Edited on 2021-09-30