Our Privacy Statement
About this privacy statement
Collection, use and sharing
Securing your information
Using information
Your credit information
Accessing your information
Here to help
Additional rights
Things you should know
We understand that your privacy is important to you. It is important to us too. That is why we protect your personal information and are clear and open about what we do with it.
The following statement will explain to you how we do this. It covers general information about ASB's privacy approach. It does not alter or replace our
terms and conditions
which govern the terms of your relationship with us.
About us
ASB provides a wide range of banking and financial services. We are a registered bank under the Reserve Bank of New Zealand Act 1989. Our address is North Wharf, 12 Jellicoe Street, Auckland, New Zealand.
As an institution offering financial services, we need to collect, hold and use personal information about you in the course of providing our products and services. We are bound by the Privacy Act 2020.
In this statement, "ASB", "we", "us" and "our" means ASB Bank Limited and its related companies (as defined in the Companies Act 1993).
1. About this Privacy Statement
We take your privacy very seriously and are committed to ensuring the protection of your personal information, no matter where you are located. ASB collects and handles your personal information in accordance with its legal obligations, including those under the Privacy Act 2020.
ASB and its related companies provide a wide range of banking, finance, insurance, funds management, financial planning and advice, superannuation, online share trading and other services.
This Statement describes how your personal information is collected and handled by ASB.
If you are a customer of ours, during our relationship we will explain to you how we handle your personal information, for example, when you fill in an application or claims form or receive terms and conditions. You should always read these documents carefully. This statement provides you with more general information about ASB's privacy approach. It does not alter or replace our terms and conditions which govern the terms of your relationship with us.
If you are not a customer of ours, we collect, hold and use information about you for the purposes for which you provided it.
You don't have to provide your personal information to us when requested. If you don't, we may not be able to provide you with a product or service requested or you may not be able to continue to hold that product or service. We will advise you if such a situation arises.
If you are located in the European Union or the United Kingdom, you may have additional rights. See
additional rights
at the end of this page for more information.
2a. What information do we collect?
We collect your personal information directly from you most of the time, however on occasion, we may also collect information about you from other people and organisations.
We collect personal information when you:
enquire about, apply for, or use our products or services
contact us to make an enquiry or give us feedback
visit our website or use our digital services
participate in other activities we offer, such as competitions or surveys
talk to us or do business with us.
While we are required to collect some types of personal information to meet our legal obligations, we do attempt to keep our collection of your personal information to what is necessary to offer you the products and services you require. Depending on those products and services, or your interactions with ASB, we may collect the following types of personal information:
Types of personal information
What kinds of personal information might be involved
Personal and contact details
This may include your name, address, email address, phone number, and date of birth.
New Zealand Government related identifiers and identity documents
This may include your:
Inland Revenue Department (IRD) number and country of tax residency
National Health Index (NHI) number, New Zealand passport, driver licence, SuperGold Card, National Identity Card or Certificate of Identity
Citizenship, birth, death and marriage certificates (for example, to verify your identity).
Foreign government identifiers and identity documents
This may include foreign government identity documents and identifiers such as:
tax identification number and country of tax residency
foreign passport, citizenship or birth certificate and driver licence (for example, to verify your identity at the time you request a product or service) and translations, if applicable.
Financial information
This may include:
details of your employment, income, assets, financial liabilities
copies of bank statements and credit card statements from other financial institutions
information from third parties about your credit history and insurance claims history.
Transaction information
This includes information about transactions that you have made using our products and services or in relation to ASB Securities. For example, your credit card transactions or ATM (Automatic Teller Machine) withdrawals.
Socio-demographic information
This may include your marital status, age, gender, number of dependents, occupation and nationality.
Interaction information
This includes details of your interactions with us, such as when you visit a branch, call us, use our online services (FastNet Classic, FastNet Business or ASB Mobile), make an enquiry, provide feedback, or make a complaint.
Digital information
We collect information from you electronically when you use our online services (such as FastNet Classic, FastNet Business or ASB Mobile). This includes information such as:
location information (if enabled on your device)
IP address
details of the device used to access our digital services (including mobile and tablet)
details of the wi-fi network or mobile network used by your devicetype of authentication used (for example touch ID or face ID).
More information about the digital information we collect is available in the
Mobile Banking Terms and Conditions
. Importantly, we do not link this information to you unless we need to access these details for fraud or security reasons. Find out more about the types of cookies we use and why in Section 4.
Behavioural information
This includes information that we generate about how you use our products and services. For example, if you use our banking services, we may generate information about your spending patterns so we can help you manage your money.
Call recordings
On occasion, we monitor and record our calls with you. This includes when you call us (inbound) and when we call you (outbound). Not all calls are recorded.
Camera surveillance
For the safety of our staff and customers, we use camera surveillance, such as CCTV, to monitor ASB premises and assets including branches, ATMs and corporate sites. See our
CCTV Privacy Notice
for more information.
Sensitive personal information
On occasion, we collect and handle sensitive information. This may include:
health information (where this is relevant to an insurance policy, claim or if you're in financial difficulty and ask for hardship relief due to illness)
race or ethnicity (for example we may ask you what language you speak if you request a translator to communicate with us)
criminal history and political affiliation, where it is relevant for our regulatory and/or legal obligations
biometric information (such as fingerprints or face), where this information is collected and used for the purpose of automated biometric verification or biometric identification.
Information about your personal circumstances
On occasion, we may ask you to provide information about your personal circumstances so we can support you during any financial difficulties. This may include:
information about significant life events (such as a relationship breakdown or a death in the family)
information about family and domestic violence
where you have been impacted by an emergency event or a natural disaster
any unexpected changes to your financial situation (such as losing a job or incarceration)
details of injury, illness, gambling or addiction.
Publicly available information
On occasion, we may collect and handle information that is in the public domain, such as from:
online forums, websites, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube or other social media (for example, if you use social media to make a complaint)
public registers (for example, those kept by the Companies Office or Land Information New Zealand) if you fulfil a formal role or are otherwise associated with a particular company or other entity.
See 'Who do we share your information with?' (
Collection, use & sharing
, Section 2C) for details of third parties we may share information with.
2b. How do we use your information?
We're careful about how we use your information to deliver our products and services. We also use your information for other reasons, such as to better understand you, your needs, and to let you know about other products and services you might be interested in.
Here is a list of the ways we may use your personal information.
Purpose
How we use your personal information
Serving you as a customer
We use your information to deliver our products and services including to:
assess and process your applications for products and services
administer and manage existing products or services you have with us
manage our relationship with you or your business
improve our service to you and your experience with us
communicate with you or your representatives or agents about our products and services
let you know about other products and services that may be of interest to you.
Improving our business
We use your information to improve the products and services we provide through activities such as:
reviewing customer feedback and assessing how you use our products and services
testing and validating the effectiveness of products, services and system enhancements
monitoring and reviewing call recordings, online chats and other business activity for quality assurance, training and compliance purposes.
Managing our operations
We use your information to manage our operations including to:
deliver our products and services
make and manage customer payments and transactions
manage fees, charges, and interest due on your products and services
collect and recover money that is owed to us
respond to complaints and seek to resolve them
manage our share register and security holder records.
Managing security, risk and crime prevention
We use your information to:
prevent, detect and investigate suspicious or fraudulent activities
monitor our properties, for example using camera surveillance (CCTV) to ensure the safety of our people and customers. See our
CCTV Privacy Notice
for more information
investigate health and safety incidents involving our people and customers
support the management of our information security and network controls to prevent cyber-attacks, unauthorised access and other criminal or malicious activities.
To comply with our legal obligations
Where required, we use your personal information to comply with the law and our regulatory obligations, including to:
confirm your identity
share relevant information with law enforcement agencies, tax authorities and other regulatory bodies
screen applications and monitor accounts to identify criminal activity such as fraud, terrorist financing, bribery, corruption and money laundering. This includes know your customer (KYC) screening which involves identity checks and verifying address and contact details particularly through paid publicly accessible databases and registers of information such as World-Check
investigate financial crime.
Managing our business
We use your information to run our business in an efficient and proper way. This includes managing our financial position, business capability and planning, testing systems and processes, as well as managing communications, corporate governance, and audit.
Performing analytics activities
Sometimes we combine information we have about you and our other customers, for example transaction information, with data from other sources, such as third-party websites or Statistics New Zealand. We use this information to:
help us understand trends in customer behaviour including how products and services are used
improve the products and services we offer
improve the quality of our data
develop products and services that better meet our customers' needs and behaviours
understand and manage our risks better.
We use the Google Universal Analytics system on our public websites. It is used to measure anonymised site activity, associating multiple sessions across multiple devices. We also use other tools in order to understand and provide better user experiences. Some of the tools we use include Google's Remarketing feature, Facebook's Remarketing feature, Adobe Experience Cloud, Medallia Digital, Survey Monkey, Weirdly, NZME and Google reCAPTCHA.
De-identifying information
We may also use your personal information to support any changes to the ownership of products or services or the make-up of ASB. For example, we may:
sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business, or our assets, including products or services
bring other businesses into the ASB Group
stop providing a particular product or service.
When we do this, we may share your personal information with ASB's related companies or other parties involved, where appropriate.
Sales or acquisitions
This includes information that we generate about how you use our products and services. For example, if you use our banking services, we may generate information about your spending patterns so we can help you manage your money.
Determine your eligibility for credit
We collect credit information about you when you apply or use our credit related products or services.  We may also collect credit information about you from credit reporting companies (e.g., Equifax, illion and Centrix) to determine your eligibility for credit. A credit report:
confirms your identity
confirms your current credit obligations
includes your credit history with other financial or service providers.
We may also collect, use and share your information for other reasons where the law allows or requires us to.
Direct marketing
From time to time, we may also use your personal information to tell you about products and services we think may be of interest and value to you.
We may contact you by various means, including by mail, telephone, email, SMS or other electronic means, such as through social media or targeted advertising through ASB websites or through our online banking services.
If you do not want to receive direct marketing offers from us, you can opt-out by:
updating your message preference settings in your online services (such as FastNet Classic, FastNet Business or ASB Mobile)
contacting us using the details in
We're here to help
, Section 7.
We may first require you to identify yourself.
2c. Who do we share your information with
We may share your information with third parties in circumstances covered in '
How do we use your information
'? (
Collection, use & sharing
, Section 2b), or where the law otherwise allows or requires us to.
The types of third parties are listed below.
Type of third party
Description
ASB's related companies including members of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia Group (CommBank Group)
We may share your information between ASB's related companies. This helps us offer you a high-quality customer experience. You can read about how ASB and its related companies may use your information in How do we use your information? (
Collection, use & sharing
, Section 2b).
Authorised Third Parties
We may share information with third parties where you have authorised us to do so or where we are legally required. They include:
third parties that you have authorised to act for you (such as accountants, financial counsellors, legal representatives, agents, mortgage brokers, financial advisors, or a person with Power of Attorney)
your parent or legal guardian (if you are under 18 years)
co-borrowers, guarantors, and other security providers.
Third Parties that can verify your information
This includes organisations that can verify information that you have supplied when applying for a product or service, or making a claim, including:
your employer, to verify your employment status
your doctor, or any other medical practitioner to verify your medical history
other banks or financial institutions that you may have products and services with
commercially available third-party databases
credit reporting companies and credit providers.
Our Service Partners
We may share your information with our service partners, external service providers and other organisations that help us to supply products and services. These include:
organisations that we partner with to supply products and services, for example, payment and shopping services, mortgage insurers, loyalty program partners (including those we jointly offer products and services with) and our product distributors
external service providers that we engage to do some of our work for us, for example mailing houses, debt recovery agencies, legal service providers and information technology and cloud service providers
people who help us process applications and claims (like assessors and investigators)
organisations involved in our funding arrangements (like loan purchasers, investors, advisers, researchers, trustees, and rating agencies)
auditors, insurers, and re-insurers
organisations that assist us to identify, investigate or prevent fraud or other misconduct
our share registry service provider
organisations that provide us with information, including publicly available information, so we can tell you about products and services we think may be of interest and value to you (for example, property insights services). If you do not wish for your information to be used in this way you can tell us by opting out of receiving direct marketing communications (see 2b. Direct Marketing).
Strategic Referral Partners
We may share your information, with external parties with whom we have entered into strategic alliance or referral arrangements to enable you to inquire about the services or products they offer.A product refers to any offering of features and benefits to a customer.
This may include products that allow a customer to:
make a financial investment (e.g. a share)
borrow money (e.g. credit cards, loans or bonds)
save money (e.g. term deposits)
manage financial risk (e.g. insurance)
facilitate payments (e.g. clearing and settlement facilities).
Other financial services organisation
We may collect and share your information with other banks, third party payment providers, superannuation funds and financial services providers to provide you services, for example to process your transactions, facilitate payment reversals and provide refunds.
Government and law enforcement agencies
We may share your information with regulatory bodies, government agencies and law enforcement bodies to comply with our legislative or regulatory obligations in any of the jurisdictions where we operate.
Sending information overseas
We usually hold your information in New Zealand but sometimes, we may send your information overseas, including to:
CommBank Group members which are located in Australia, India and other countries CommBank Group operates in
service providers or third parties who store data or operate outside New Zealand including when it is held on our behalf by data storage providers, including cloud-based storage providers
complete international transactions, such as currency exchanges
organisations we partner with to provide products and services
comply with laws and help government or law enforcement agencies.
If we do this, we make sure there are appropriate privacy, data handling and security arrangements in place to protect your information.
3. Securing your information
Our staff are trained in how to keep your information safe and secure. We use secure systems and buildings to hold your information. We aim to only keep your information for as long as we need it for example for business or legal reasons.
We store your hard copy and electronic records in secure buildings and systems or using trusted third parties. We use a range of physical, electronic, and other security measures to protect the security, confidentiality and integrity of the personal information we hold about you.
4. Cookies
We use technology in order to offer you the most convenient, secure and relevant services. An example of the technology that we use is a "cookie". Cookies are very small text files that your browser stores on your computer when you visit certain websites. When you visit a website that has issued a cookie, your browser sends the data stored in that cookie back to the website's server.
Why do we use cookies?
We use cookies to maintain the secure connection between your browser and our servers while you are using our secure websites. These cookies are identified as being issued from the website domains fnb.asb.co.nz, asbbank.co.nz, asb.co.nz or online.asb.co.nz.
You may be able to configure your browser to notify you when you are offered a cookie and decide whether or not to accept it. You may choose not to accept cookies when browsing our websites. However, you may be unable to log in to our secure services without accepting the cookies outlined above.
We promote our products and services on our websites and mobile apps. Third-party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites throughout the internet. Both us and these vendors may use cookies, separate to those required to maintain secure connections. These cookies help to provide the most relevant ASB advertisements to you based on your prior visits to our websites and mobile apps. You do not need to accept these cookies to transact with us. You can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google Analytics Opt-out page.
You can find more information about cookies
here
.
5. Your credit information
We collect credit information about you when you apply or use our credit related products or services.  We may also collect credit information about you from credit reporting companies (e.g. Equifax, illion or Centrix).
What is credit information?
Credit information is personal information that is about credit that has been provided to you or that you have applied for. This includes credit for personal purposes and credit in connection with a business. It can also cover information about you as a guarantor of a loan or as an insured party under a credit related insurance policy.
Types of credit-related information we collect, hold, and disclose.
We collect credit information directly from you or your representative when you apply for a credit related product or service, like a credit card. We also collect credit information about you from third parties, including credit reporting companies (such as Equifax or illion) or other credit providers (such as another bank). Credit reporting companies are subject to the Credit Reporting Privacy Code 2020.
The types of credit information we collect and handle are set out below.
Identification information
This includes your name (including any aliases), gender, date of birth, driver licence number, current and most recent past addresses, as well as current and most recent past employers.
Consumer credit liability information
This is information held by credit reporting companies about any accounts that you currently have open or may have had in the past. It includes the type of account, the open and/or close date, as well as the credit limit.
Repayment history
This includes a history of your repayments held by credit reporting companies, including whether you have made payments when due, and if not, when overdue payments have been made.
Default information
Details of any defaults or serious credit infringements.
Public information
Public record information such as:
court judgments
directorship and business proprietorship details
bankruptcy, debt agreement and personal insolvency.
Information about credit worthiness
Information about your credit worthiness such as credit scores, credit risk ratings, summaries and evaluations.
Why we collect and handle your credit information
When you apply to us for credit or propose to be a guarantor, we need to know if you're able to meet repayments under your agreement with us. We also want to avoid giving you further credit if this would put you in financial difficulty.
We use credit information to:
confirm your identity
assess your credit applications and your ability to manage credit
manage credit provided to you
assist you to manage your credit related obligations and to consider any financial hardship requests
derive scores, ratings, summaries and evaluations relating to your credit worthiness which are used in our decision-making processes and ongoing reviews
help us collect overdue payments
share information with credit reporting companies, where the law permits us to do so.
How do we hold credit information?
We keep your credit information with your other information. In some cases, we may need to share some of your information with organisations outside New Zealand (see
Collection, use & sharing
, Section 2c).
6. Accessing your information
Accessing, updating and correcting your information
You can contact us and ask to view your information. For more detailed information, we may ask you to fill out a request form. If your information isn't correct or needs updating, let us know straight away.
How can I access my information?
You can ask us for a copy of your information, like your statements or transaction history, by visiting a branch, going online (such as FastNet Classic, FastNet Business or ASB Mobile) or calling us (see
We're here to help
, Section 7).
How will we handle you request?
We will handle your request in accordance with the Privacy Act 2020 and will provide a response to your request as soon as possible within 20 working days, respond as soon as reasonably practicable, and in accordance with applicable law. Before we give you the information, we'll need to confirm your identity.
There is no fee to ask for your information, but sometimes there may be a reasonable charge for providing the information you want. If there's a charge, we'll let you know how much it is likely to be, so you can choose if you want to go ahead.
Can we refuse to give you access?
In some cases, we can refuse access or only give you access to certain information. For example, where the disclosure of the information would involve the disclosure of information about another person, or would disclose commercially sensitive information. We can also refuse access if providing the information would unreasonably prejudice the commercial position of the person who supplied the information or the subject of the information. If we do this, we'll write to you explaining our decision.
Can you correct or update your information?
It's important that we have your correct details, such as your current home address, email address and phone number. You can check or update your information at any branch, via your online services (such as FastNet Classic, FastNet Business or ASB Mobile) or by calling us (see
We're here to help
, Section 7).
If you think your personal information is incorrect, contact us to investigate the issue (see
We're here to help
, Section 7). If we've given the information to another party, you can ask us to let them know it's incorrect. We won't charge for this.
If we don't think the information needs correcting, we'll write to let you know why. You can ask us to attach a statement of correction to the record. We will take reasonable steps to do so.
7. We're here to help
Contact us
If you need more information, want to access or update your personal information or if you have a privacy concern - you can contact us via phone or our website.
If you have a concern or complaint about how we have handled your personal information, let us know and we'll try to fix it. We try to get things right the first time - but if we don't, we'll do our best to sort it out. If you're not satisfied with how we respond to your complaint about how we've handled your personal information, there are other things you can do.
How can you make a complaint?
To make a complaint, contact one of our staff or customer service teams (see below).
Email
You can email us directly by completing this
form
. If you are an existing ASB customer, you can log into FastNet Classic internet banking, go to 'My Messages' and send us a secure message.
Phone
0800 803 804
Visit your nearest ASB branch
Visit us at one of our many branches across
New Zealand
.
Find out
more
about how we manage complaints.
What else can you do?
If you've raised your concern with one of our staff and are not satisfied, you can ask for this to be passed onto one of our Customer Care Managers. Contact one of our Customer Care Managers directly on
0800 272 288
ext 97757 (if calling from New Zealand) or
+64 9 377 8930
ext 97757 (if calling from overseas). You can also email us at
customercare@asb.co.nz
.
Banking Ombudsman Scheme
If you're not satisfied with our response after you've been through our internal complaints process, you can lodge a dispute through the Banking Ombudsman Scheme (BOS), our external dispute resolution provider.
BOS provides free and independent dispute resolution services for banking complaints.
Visit:
bankomb.org.nz
Email:
help@bankomb.org.nz
Phone:
0800 805 950
+64 4 915 0400
(from overseas)
Mail: Freepost 218002, PO Box 25327, Wellington 6146
Office of the Privacy Commissioner
You can also contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner if your complaint is about your privacy.
Visit:
www.privacy.org.nz
Email:
investigations@privacy.org.nz
Phone:
0800 803 909
Mail: PO Box 10 094, Wellington 6143
Additional rights
Additional rights for individuals located in the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
The European Union (EU) and the United Kingdom (UK) have local data protection laws, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR), which give more rights to individuals located in the European Economic Area (EEA) and the UK and more obligations to organisations holding their personal information.
In this Appendix, "personal information" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Under the GDPR and UK GDPR, personal information must be processed in a lawful, fair and transparent manner. This means we must provide you with more information about how we collect, use, share and store your personal information and information about your rights in data protection law. We have set out below this information, which is in addition to certain other information provided in the Privacy Statement above.
If you are located in the UK or EEA and have an enquiry relating to your data protection rights, please contact us at
CustomerCare@asb.co.nz
or you can call us on
0800 272 288
ext 97757 (if calling from New Zealand) or
+64 9 377 8930
ext 97757 (if calling from overseas)  or contact us by completing the online
form
.
What personal information do we collect?
For details on what personal information we collect, please refer to Section 2 (
Collection, use and sharing
) above.
If we require certain information for our contract with you or because it is legally required, we may not be able to offer you products or services or perform our contract with you if you do not provide the required information to us.
Special categories of personal information
Personal information about your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, biometric data (for example your fingerprints), or data concerning your health, sex life or sexual orientation is subject to additional requirements.
If we process this personal information about you, we will only process this with your consent or where otherwise lawfully permitted.
How long we keep your personal information
We will keep your personal information while you are a customer of ASB.
We generally keep your personal information for up to 7 years after you stop being a customer but we may keep your personal information for longer for the following purposes:
To fulfil legal or regulatory obligations
For internal research and analytics
To respond to a question or complaint.
How we use your personal informationWe can collect and use your personal information for the purposes noted above in Section 2 (
Collection, use and sharing
).  We must have a valid lawful ground to process your personal information, which may be one of the following lawful grounds:
Contract:
We need to process your personal information in order to fulfil a contract you have with us, or because you have asked us to take specific steps before entering into a contract.
Legal or regulatory obligations:
We need to process your personal information for us to comply with applicable laws or regulations (not including contractual obligations).
Legitimate interests:
We need to process your personal information for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party unless there is a good reason to protect your personal information which overrides these legitimate interests.
Consent
: We may (but usually do not) need your consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.
The purposes for which we use your personal information and lawful grounds we may rely upon are as follows:
How we use your personal information
Lawful grounds we may rely upon
Serving you as a customer
To perform and fulfil contracts
To meet our legal duties
For legitimate interests to enable us to perform our obligations and to provide our services to you
Improving our business
We have your consent
For legitimate interests to improve the products and services we offer, improve the quality of our data, develop products and services that better meet our customers' needs and behaviours, and understand and manage our risks better
Managing our operations
To perform and fulfil contracts
To meet our legal duties
For the legitimate interests to run our business in an efficient and proper way, including managing our financial position, business capability and planning, testing systems and process, as well as managing communications, corporate governance, and audit
Managing security, risk and crime prevention
To meet our legal duties
For legitimate interests of fraud prevention and prevention of other crime, ensuring security of our network and systems and legal claims and proceedings
To comply with our legal obligations
To meet our legal duties
For legitimate interests of compliance with applicable non-UK / non-EU laws
Managing our business
We use your information to run our business in an efficient and proper way. This includes managing our financial position, business capability and planning, testing systems and processes, as well as managing communications, corporate governance, and audit.
Performing analytics activities
For legitimate interests to help us understand trends in customer behaviour including how products and services are used, improve the products and services we offer, improve the quality of our data, develop products and services that better meet our customers' needs and behaviours, and understand and manage our risks better
De-identifying information
For legitimate interests to provide insights and analytics services to other organisations, to share de-identified information with other organisations, which help organisations learn about the types of customers they have and their general spending patterns
Sales or acquisitions
For legitimate interests to support any changes to the ownership of products or services or the make-up of the CommBank Group
Determine your eligibility for credit
To perform and fulfil contracts
To meet our legal duties
For legitimate interests to enable us to assess your eligibility and affordability prior to potentially issuing credit
To market our goods/services to you
We have your consent
Who do we share your information with?
We may share your personal information with other organisations within our Group or third parties as set out in Section 2 (
Collection, use & sharing
).
Profiling and automated decision making
We may use systems to make automated decisions (including profiling) based on personal information we have collected from you or obtained from other sources such as credit reporting bodies. These systems can evaluate your personal circumstances and other factors to predict risk or outcomes.
Our credit approval process relies on automated analysis of personal information provided by you in the application process, alongside that received from credit referencing agencies and fraud prevention agencies, to make the following decisions:
eligibility - whether it is appropriate to offer you credit or a loan;
affordability - the maximum value of the credit or loan (i.e., the credit limit); and
the term of the credit or loan.These automated decisions can affect the products or services we offer you. For example, we may decide not to offer all or some of our products or services to you, or we may decide how much to charge you, based on credit history and other financial information about you.
You have certain rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling, which are set out below.
Sending information outside the UK/EEA
Recipients of your personal information may be located outside the UK or EEA as described in Section 2 (
Collection, use & sharing
).
Where we transfer your personal information outside the UK or the EEA, we will ensure that it is transferred in a manner consistent with legal requirements applicable to the information, for example:
we may put in place "standards contractual clauses" approved by the European Commission with the recipient, which requires them to protect your personal information
the country to which we send the personal information may be approved by the European Commission or UK
applicable law may permit us to transfer outside the UK or EEA in other ways, such as to perform a contract with you.
Please contact us if you would like more information about the appropriate safeguards, including a sample copy of the standard contractual clauses, relevant to the transfer of personal information.
Your rights
You have a number of rights in relation to the personal information that we hold about you, although please note that in some cases, exceptions apply to the exercise of these rights and so you may not be able to exercise them in all situations.
You can exercise your rights by contacting
CustomerCare@asb.co.nz
or you can call us on
+64 9 306 3000
or contact us directly by completing the online
form
.
The right to be informed how personal information is processed
You have the right to be informed how your personal information is being collected and used.
The right to withdraw your consent if we are relying on it to handle your personal information
If we require your consent to process your personal information you can withdraw consent at any time. If you withdraw consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. The right to withdraw only applies when the lawful basis of processing is consent.
The right of access to personal information
You can access your personal information that we hold by emailing:
CustomerCare@asb.co.nz
The right to rectification
You have the right to question any personal information we have about you that is inaccurate or incomplete. If you do, we will take reasonable steps to check the accuracy and correct it.
The right to erasure
You have the right to ask us to delete your personal information if there is no need for us to keep it. You can make the request verbally or in writing. There may be legal or other reasons why we need to keep your personal information, if so, we will tell you what these are.
The right to restrict processing
You have the right to ask us to restrict our use of your personal information in some circumstances. We may be able to restrict the use of your personal information. In this situation we would not use or share your personal information while it is restricted. This is not an absolute right and only applies in certain circumstances.
The right to data portability
In some circumstances you have the right to request we provide you with a copy of the personal information you have provided to us in a format that can be easily reused.
The right to object
In some circumstances you have the right to object to us processing your personal information.
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
We may use systems to make automated decisions (including profiling) based on personal information we have collected from you or obtained from other sources such as credit reporting bodies. These automated decisions can affect the products or services we offer you. You can ask that we not make decisions based on automated score alone or object to an automated decision and ask that a person review the automated decision.
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
You have the right to complain to the regulator if you are not happy with the outcome of a complaint.
The individual regulator websites will tell you how to report a concern.
Minors and children's privacy
For certain services, we will seek parent or guardian consent to collect the details of children under certain ages.
Things you should know
Policy updated: 13 February 2023
During our relationship with you, we may tell you more about how we collect and handle your information - for example, when you fill in an application form or receive product terms and conditions. You should always read these documents carefully.
Sometimes we update our Statement. You can always find the most up-to-date version on our website.
ASB
›
Privacy