Home
>
Privacy
Home
>
Privacy
Privacy
We are committed to protecting your personal data. We’ll use your information for a number of different purposes, for example to provide our services to you and to meet our legal and regulatory obligations. By your ‘personal data' we mean any information about you that you or third parties provide to us.
This policy, together with our terms of service and our Cookies Policy, sets out the basis on which your personal data will be collected and processed by us.
We are a data controller in respect of personal data that we process in connection with our business (including the products and services that we provide). In this policy, references to “we”, “us”, “our” or “Interactive Investor” are references to Interactive Investor Services Limited.
Full details of the companies in our group are available on request. Our contact details (including the contact details of our Data Protection Officer) are set out at the end of this policy.
To get the best from our services, please keep your personal data (including your email address) accurate and up to date. You can do this via our Security Hub at
https://www.ii.co.uk/security-hub
or by contacting us at the address or telephone number given at the end of this policy.
Please take the time to read this policy carefully. In opening an account with us and/or providing any personal data to us via our website, you acknowledge that your personal data will be used in accordance with our terms of service, our Cookies Policy and this policy.
By accessing, browsing or otherwise using our website you confirm that you have read and agree to this policy. If you do not agree with any part of this policy, you should not use our website or use our services.
We reserve the right to change the contents of our website, our terms of service, the Cookies Policy and/or this policy at any time, by posting such changes on our website. It is your responsibility to familiarise yourself with these resources to ensure you are aware of any changes. Your continued use of our website following the posting of any such changes will constitute your acceptance of the revised terms.
This policy was last updated on 22 November 2023.
Contents
Why have a privacy policy?
What personal data do we collect about you and how?
How do we use your personal data?
Data retention
What is the legal basis upon which we deal with your data?
Marketing
Credit reference, fraud prevention agencies, regulators and tax authorities
Cookies
Who is your personal data shared with?
Safeguarding your personal data
Sale of the business
Third party links
Your rights and contacting us
Complaints
1. Why have a privacy policy?
Information that identifies or can be used to identify a living individual is known as "personal data." All organisations processing personal data must do so fairly and in accordance with all applicable data protection laws. This includes the obligation for us to tell you how we will use your personal data. We treat all of our legal obligations seriously and take all steps necessary to ensure compliance when storing and processing your personal data.
2. What personal data do we collect about you and how?
We may collect the following information about you:
Your contact details such as your name, address, telephone number and email address;
Your date of birth, nationality, country of birth, country of residence, employment status and tax identification number (e.g. National Insurance Number);
Passport details, driving licence and utility bills;
Details of the services you request from us; and
Certain additional information which may be necessary in order for us to provide particular services to you.
We collect your personal data in a number of different ways, including (but not limited to) the following:
If you provide it when communicating with us (for example when registering for our services);
If you order any of our products or services;
If you enter a competition or promotion;
If you make payments or modify your account details; and
When you visit our websites (for example by cookies, your IP address and other browser-generated information). More information is provided in our Cookies Policy which can be found at
www.ii.co.uk/cookies
.
We record all service calls for quality and training purposes, to enable us to deal effectively with queries and complaints and, in the case of calls where customers place transactions on regulated markets, in order to comply with our regulatory obligations.
In most cases, you are not obliged to provide any personal data to us, but if you have requested information or you have ordered a service from us, we must obtain, and it is a contractual requirement for you to provide, certain information so that we can verify your identity and in order for us to meet our legal obligations. Please see section 7 below for further details.
Some of the information that we collect about you or which you provide to us about you or your family members may be special category data for the purposes of applicable data protection laws. Special category data includes information about physical and mental health, sexual orientation, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, philosophical belief, trade union membership and biometric data. We take special care of this data in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
3 . How do we use your personal data?
We retain and use your personal data for some or all of the following purposes:
Security, payment verification, insurance, debt tracing and debt recovery;
Dealing with any queries, complaints or problems reported by you;
Enabling you to participate in our promotions and competitions;
Enabling you to participate in the interactive features of the website and ensuring content from our website is presented in the most Effective manner for you and your computer or device;
Notifying you about changes to our service and/ or the terms on which the services are provided;
To ensure the proper operation of our systems;
To keep our client records up to date;
To better understand your requirements and provide you with services specific to your needs;
To comply with applicable laws where we are obliged to retain and/or disclose certain information;
Generating statistics on our users, such as the popularity of certain of our services and about the "traffic" visiting our websites in order to improve our services to you; and/or
To provide you with information about goods or services we feel may interest you in accordance with applicable laws (please see further details on our marketing activities at section 6 below).
Automated Decisions
As part of our account-opening process we will carry out automated checks using your personal data, such as your name, postal address, date of birth, telephone numbers and employment status. These checks include credit checks, identification verification checks and financial crime checks and involve our obtaining information (such as your credit history) from credit reference agencies and any records held by financial crime prevention agencies, the Electoral Register, and providers of utility services. We need to carry out these checks in order to meet our obligations ‘Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017’ (the MLRs) and any other applicable legislation. The information obtained from these checks is used by us (together with information provided by you in your application) to build a ‘scorecard’ relating to the applicant which is used to determine if an account can be opened, whether further information is required or the application is rejected, based on factors such as whether we have been able to verify your identity and any records relating to financial crime. We will process all such information in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
4. Data Retention
We will only keep your personal data for as long as we need to in order to fulfil the relevant purpose(s) it was collected for, as set out above in this privacy policy and for as long as we are required to keep it by law. We retain copies of our customer contracts in order to enable us to deal with any legal issues along with the information provided to us for identification verification checks and anti-money laundering checks (as required by law) for 6 years after termination or expiry of our contract with you. Details of complaints are retained for 5 years from receipt in accordance with the DISP chapters of the FCA Handbook and telephone call recordings are retained for five years or longer if required by law or the FCA. If you have a query in relation to how long we retain your personal data for, please contact us using the contact details provided below.
5. What is the legal basis upon which we deal with your data?
Whenever we collect or use your personal data, we will make sure we do this for a valid legal reason which will generally include at least one of the following reasons:
Because it is
necessary to fulfil the terms of our contract with you
;
Because it is
necessary to support the legitimate interests of our business or the legitimate interests of others
. Whenever we use this legal basis, we will undertake a balancing test to ensure that our legitimate interests are not outweighed by your personal interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection. Our legitimate interests are to;
Undertake group administrative exercises
Provide client services
Run, develop and/ or grow our business; and
Undertake market research and marketing (nb. please see Section 6 for your rights to opt-out of receiving marketing).
Because it is
necessary to fulfil a legal obligation
; and/or
Where
we have obtained your consent
– we will always make it clear when we need your consent and how you can change your permissions and/or withdraw your consent at any time thereafter.
If you would like to know more about our legal basis for using your personal data in any particular way, you can contact us at any time using the details at section 13 below.
6. Marketing
We (or a third party acting for us) may use the information you provide us with to keep you informed about products and services which we believe you may be interested in, carry out market research and/or to review how you use your account in order to maximise customer engagement and assess customer satisfaction. This information may be sent to you by e mail, SMS, other electronic means, telephone and/or post.
In most cases, we will only conduct such marketing activities where we have obtained your consent, a third party has obtained consent on our behalf or otherwise in accordance with applicable laws. Depending on the nature of the consent collected, we (or a third party acting for us) may carry out targeted electronic marketing based on, for example, location or profiling data.
In some circumstances, we may rely on a provision contained in Article 22 (3) of the ‘Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003’ (PECR). This is also known as the ‘Soft Opt-In’. You can find out more about it on the ICO website, here:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-pecr/electronic-and-telephone-marketing/electronic-mail-marketing/#softoptin
; and
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-data-protection/guide-to-the-general-data- protection-regulation-gdpr/legitimate-interests/when-can-we-rely-on-legitimate-interests/
In summary, the Soft Opt-In allows a business send direct marketing providing it has obtained the contact details of the recipient in the course of establishing a service relationship (or the sale of a product), the marketing is in respect of similar products and services and the legitimate interests balancing test set out in section 5 is met.
In such circumstances, we will provide you with a simple means of opting-out of such marketing at the time that we collect your contact details and in any subsequent communications.
The Soft Opt-In cannot be used to promote third party products and services.
If you do not want to receive any marketing communications from us, you can unsubscribe when we initially obtain your details, or by contacting us in writing at any time or by opting out by following the opt out instructions on our website or app or contained in the relevant telephone, SMS, other electronic means, post, or email marketing communication.
Please note that your opting out of marketing communications will not prevent us from continuing to communicate with you as necessary to manage your account (such service messages may include, for example, where we consider it suitable or proper, in the circumstances, to make you aware of economic matters which may require your attention, and that you may otherwise have been unaware). Please refer to
www.ii.co.uk
for details of our products and services. Any such opt-out requests will not affect the running of your existing account or the services you request from us, in respect of which we will still process your personal data in accordance with this policy.
7. Credit reference, fraud prevention agencies regulators and tax authorities
If you apply to open an account with us or where you apply for additional services, we will make searches about you at credit reference agencies who will supply us with credit information, as well as gathering information from the Electoral Register and providers of utility services for the purposes of credit risk reduction – these checks will include but will not be limited to ID verification and anti-money laundering checks. You are obliged to provide us with the personal information which we need to carry out these searches. If you object to us carrying out these searches, we will not be able to provide you with the services you requested from us. The agencies will record details of the search whether or not your application with us proceeds. We may make periodic searches of our records and those of Group companies, credit reference and financial crime prevention agencies, to manage your account with us (including but not limited to enabling the repatriation of lost assets where possible). We and other organisations who may be from other countries may access and use the information recorded by financial crime prevention agencies.
We may give details of your account and how you manage it to credit reference agencies. If you do not repay sums due in full and on time, we may tell credit reference agencies who will record such details.
To prevent or detect financial crime, or to assist in verifying your identity in order to fulfil our legal obligations, we may make searches at financial crime prevention agencies. We may also pass information to financial and other organisations involved in financial crime prevention to protect ourselves and our customers from theft and fraud. If false or inaccurate information is provided and financial crime is identified or reasonably suspected, details will be passed to financial crime prevention agencies who will record this. Law enforcement agencies may access and use this information. We, other Group companies, and other organisations may also access and use this information to prevent financial crime, for example, when:
Checking details on applications for credit, credit related services or other facilities;
Managing credit and credit related accounts or facilities;
Recovering debt;
Checking details on proposals and claims for all types of insurance; or
Checking details of job applicants and employees.
We will process all such data in accordance with applicable data protection laws but please note that:
We may disclose your personal information to third parties, the court service, regulators, or law enforcement agencies in connection with enquiries, proceedings, or investigations by such parties anywhere in the world or in order to enable us and other relevant Group companies to comply with their regulatory requirements or dialogue with its regulators as applicable; and
International regulations regarding the automatic exchange of information require financial institutions to collect and report certain information about an individual’s tax residency. We may be legally obliged to pass on your personal information to tax authorities who may, under inter-governmental agreements, exchange this information with tax authorities in other jurisdictions.
You have a right of access to your personal records held by credit reference and financial crime prevention agencies.
The identities of the credit reference agencies we use, their role, the data they hold, the ways in which they use and share personal data, data retention periods and your data protection rights are explained in more detail on their respective websites:
TransUnion - Credit Reference Information Notice (CRAIN) | TransUnion UK
Equifax - Credit Reference Agency Information Notice (CRAIN) | Equifax UK
Experian - Credit Reference Agency Information Notice (CRAIN) | Experian
Please contact our Data Protection Officer using the details at section 13 below if you want to receive details of the relevant financial crime prevention agencies.
8. Cookies
Our website uses cookies to allow customers to access the services and to give us an overall view of visitor habits and visitor volumes. To view more information on what cookies we use and how we use them, please review our separate Cookies Policy which can be found at
www.ii.co.uk/cookies
9. Who is your personal data shared with?
We may disclose your personal data to:
Entities within our Group;
Law enforcement bodies and/or other regulatory entities in order to comply with any legal obligation;
Third parties who we use to carry out the checks that we need to carry out on you, such as identification verification, account verification, anti-money laundering checks, including financial crime prevention agencies and utility companies, and as specified in the terms of service;
Other parties who help us to deliver the services to you who may be located in or outside the UK or European Economic Area (EEA);
Third parties for marketing purposes subject to the limitations set out in section 6;
Third parties to run, develop and/or grow our business, when it is in our legitimate interests to do so;
Third parties who we partner with for the provision of our shareholder voting service (subject to you meeting our eligibility criteria for the service from time to time). Your personal data will be processed by these parties only to the extent necessary for the provision of the shareholder voting service. You can opt out of this service at any time by changing the settings in the Personal Details and Preferences section of your online account; and
Your employer (or the employer of a person who you are connected to) and/or an agent designated by your employer, if required by law or regulation which the relevant employer is subject to and you have consented to such data sharing.
For account verification, we use a third party supplier, TransUnion. You can find Transunion’s privacy policy at the following link:
https://www.transunion.co.uk/legal-information/bureau-privacy-notice
.
Third parties who we share your personal data with may only use it for the purposes set out in this policy and in accordance with all applicable laws.
If we transfer your data outside of the UK or EEA, we will always ensure that appropriate controls are in place to protect your data in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
For details of the potential transfers of or access to your personal data within or outside of the UK or EEA and the safeguards that we have in place when transferring, or allowing access to, your personal data, (and for a copy of the safeguards, where applicable) please contact our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@ii.co.uk
or using the postal address given at the end of this policy.
Your information may also be collected and used by any of the parties detailed in this section.
10. Safeguarding your personal data
We take all reasonable care in the collection, storage, processing and disclosure of your personal data and have implemented internal security procedures to minimise the risk that unauthorised parties will be able to access and misuse the information. It is because of these security procedures that we may ask for proof of identity before we disclose any personal information about you.
For more information and top tips please visit
www.ii.co.uk/security
.
11. Sale of the business
In the event that we are sold (fully or partially), integrated with another business or dispose of our rights and obligations under any agreement with you, your records may be disclosed under appropriate confidentiality terms to our advisers and any prospective purchaser’s adviser, and will be passed onto the new owners in accordance with all applicable laws.
In the event that we buy any business or assets, we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller of such business or assets under appropriate confidentiality terms and in accordance with all applicable laws.
12. Third Party Links
Please bear in mind that this policy only applies to websites and services operated by us and not those operated by third parties, including those to which our websites may link. We suggest that you make yourself familiar with any privacy policy provided by such third- party websites before providing personal information about yourself.
13. Your rights and contacting us
Subject to certain exemptions, and in some cases dependent upon the processing activity we are undertaking, you have certain rights in relation to your personal information, as follows:
To ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes;
To access personal information held about you and to obtain a copy of it (Please note: If you require information about your account and/or about any services we have provided to you, please contact our Customer Services team in the first instance. In most cases, we should be able to provide the information you require, and this will typically be quicker than submitting a Data Subject Access Request (DSAR));
To prevent any processing of a record of personal data that is causing or is likely to cause unwarranted and substantial damage or distress to you or another individual;
To obtain the rectification or completion of records of personal data which are inaccurate or incomplete;
To restrict or object to the processing of your personal data and to request its erasure under certain circumstances. Please note that we will not be able to erase personal data where we have a legal obligation to retain such data or if we need to hold onto such data for other legitimate purposes e.g. defending any potential legal claim. In most cases, this means that we need to retain all or some of your personal data for 6 years after the closure of your account with us;
In certain circumstances, to request that the personal data which you have provided to us, be transmitted to another data controller in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format without hindrance, where technically feasible;
To obtain a copy of personal information safeguards used for transfers outside your jurisdiction;
To lodge a complaint about the way in which your personal data is being shared with a supervisory authority; and
Where we rely on your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
If you wish to exercise any of the above mentioned rights, we may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, in particular before disclosing personal information to you. We reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, for example if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
You can exercise your rights by contacting us using the details below. Subject to legal and other permissible considerations, we will make every reasonable effort to honour your request promptly or inform you if we require further information in order to fulfil your request.
Please note that we may not always be able to fully address your request, for example if it would impact the duty of confidentiality we owe to others, or if we are legally permitted to deal with the request in a different way.
If you have any queries about this policy or our use of your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
dataprotection@ii.co.uk
or in writing at:
Interactive Investor
201 Deansgate
Manchester
M3 3NW
If you have any queries about any of our terms of service documents or the website in general, do not hesitate to contact us at:
Customer Services
Interactive Investor
201 Deansgate
Manchester
M3 3NW
Tel: 0345 607 6001
Email:
interactivehelp@ii.co.uk
14. Complaints
If you have any concerns or complaints as to how we have handled your personal data you may lodge a complaint with the UK’s data protection regulator, the ICO, who can be contacted through their website at
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us
or by writing to Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.transunion.co.uk/legal-information/bureau-privacy-notice:
Legal
>
Privacy Centre
>
TransUnion Bureau Privacy Notice
TransUnion Bureau Privacy Notice
Version: 1.13
Date adopted: 17 July 2024
This privacy notice explains how we use and share personal data in connection with our credit risk and affordability assessments, anti-fraud and anti-money laundering checks, verification, debt tracing services and some of our related services. It also describes your data protection rights, including a right to object to some of the processing which TransUnion carries out. More information about your rights, and how to exercise them, is set out in
section 9
below.
In Brief
At TransUnion, we provide data and data-related services to clients such as banks, credit providers, insurance companies, gambling companies, utility companies, retail companies and others for the purposes set out above (and in more detail at
section 2
below).
Some of our services involve processing data that is highly confidential such as your bank account, credit card or salary details. More information about the data we use can be found in
section 3
.
In providing our services to clients, we may use third party service providers to assist us (a summary of the key providers can be found in the table at
section 6
).
Some of these services involve checking your device information (from your mobile telephone, tablet or laptop for example), which we use to confirm your identity and/or to protect you from becoming a victim of fraud.
We may need to send your details to other countries as part of our services, occasionally outside of the European Union – details are provided at
section 7
.
You have the right to object to our use of your personal data. Please see
section 9
to find out more.
1.
Who are we and how can you contact us?
2.
What do we use personal data for?
3.
What kinds of personal data do we use, and where do we get it from?
4.
How long is the personal data kept for?
5.
What is our legal basis for handling personal data?
6.
Who do we share the personal data with?
7.
Where is the personal data stored and sent?
8.
Is the personal data used to make decisions about you or to profile you?
9.
What are your rights?
10.
Who can you complain to if you are unhappy about the use of your personal data?
1.
WHO ARE WE AND HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US?
About us
We are TransUnion International UK Limited, which is a company registered in England and Wales with company number 03961870. Our trading address and registered office is at One Park Lane, Leeds, West Yorkshire LS3 1EP.
We are part of TransUnion Information Group (TU UK), which has its headquarters at the above address. Some of the members of TU UK are listed in
section 6
below. TU UK forms part of a larger group of companies but this privacy notice only covers the activities of TU UK.
We are a controller of the personal data covered by this privacy notice. This means that we are responsible for ensuring that the personal data is used fairly and lawfully.
Joint controllers
We sometimes act jointly with one or more of the other TU UK companies when making decisions about your personal data. In particular, we make joint decisions when we and another TU UK company are sharing personal data with each other.
Our members of staff work across TU UK group companies so, where our group companies make decisions jointly, those members of staff will ensure that each company involved complies with data protection rules. You can contact our Consumer Services Team if you want to enquire about any of our group companies or exercise any of your rights in respect of your personal data.
Contact details
You can contact us about issues relating to personal data, including the contents of this notice, through our
Consumer Enquiries
page.
Please refer to our
Consumer Contact Privacy Notice
for information about how we will handle your personal data in connection with complaints and enquiries.
2.
WHAT DO WE USE PERSONAL DATA FOR?
This section explains the purposes for which we use personal data about you. More detail about the types of personal data that we might use for these purposes can be found in
section 3
below.
Providing services to the organisation you may be dealing with
We use your personal data to provide services to the organisation you may be dealing with. These services might include, for example, credit risk assessment, affordability assessment for credit and non-credit purposes, customer management, vulnerability management, anti-fraud and anti-money laundering checks, verification services, tenant vetting, staff vetting and tracing for debt collection purposes. We may also use your personal data to provide such services in relation to you in a specific role: for example, where you are acting as guarantor in relation to a personal loan to another individual, or as a director or business owner where the relevant business is applying for a commercial loan.
Examples: credit risk assessment, customer management, identity verification, anti-fraud, tenant vetting, debt tracing
If you have applied for credit from one of our clients, they will send your data to us so that we can find you in our databases and return information about your credit history. They will use that information in order to assess your creditworthiness and decide whether you will be able to repay them.
If you have been given credit by one of our clients, we may be asked to monitor your credit files and send our client an alert if, for example, you receive a court judgment or become insolvent, or where there is a significant deterioration in your repayment behaviour.
If you are registered as having a vulnerability, we may be asked to provide this information to our clients to support credit risk assessments, customer management and overall customer experience purposes, so that they are aware of the presence of a vulnerability and can take appropriate steps in customer management.
If you need to prove your identity to an organisation, they may check the details you provide against the information on our databases or carry out ID document verification and facial biometrics in order to help confirm that you are who you say you are.
If you fill in a form on one of our clients’ websites as part of an onboarding process, we may collect behavioural information about your interactions with such form to alert our clients to potentially fraudulent activity.
When you have dealings with an organisation, for example a bank, they may submit your telephone number, email address, internet protocol (IP) address, bank account and card numbers to us so we can alert them to the possibility of a stolen identity or where there have been past fraud indicators associated with those details.
When you apply for a tenancy, the landlord or letting agent might check some aspects of your financial history (such as any CCJs or bankruptcies) to help them decide whether you would be a suitable tenant and are likely to pay the rent.
If you owe money to one of our clients and have moved without telling them, they may use our services in order to find your new address and other contact details so that they can contact you to arrange repayment.
When you apply for credit (or if you have existing credit), affordability checks using your data can help our clients understand whether you are likely to be able to afford the repayments. Affordability checks can also help our clients assess your eligibility for non-credit products. These checks  help our clients identify individuals who may be financially over-committed and can help prevent  over-indebtedness.
Examples: affordability assessment
Utility companies may perform affordability checks (either at an individual or a household level) to help them understand whether individuals or households applying for financial assistance with bills and/or other payments meet the eligibility criteria to receive it. This helps to ensure that financial assistance is most appropriately directed at financially vulnerable individuals and households.
Gaming organisations may use affordability checks to help identify individuals at risk of gambling-related harm. Our retail clients may use affordability checks to assess the risk that you might not be able to afford non-credit commitments or potential costs related to a product or service. This may help them decide whether they want to offer a particular product or service to you.
Other examples of affordability checks include: an automobile subscription service that may want to assess the likelihood of whether you could afford additional liabilities; or an online marketplace that may want to identify individuals or businesses at risk of not being able to afford to fulfil orders.
We may also process your personal data after services have been provided to our clients if, for example, we need to investigate any issues around the data that has been sent to us, stored by us or if we need to restore our systems in the event of a data loss incident.
More information about how we (and other credit reference agencies) use personal data in these kinds of service can be found in the
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
.
Providing services to our other clients
We use personal data to provide services to organisations other than the one you are directly dealing with.
Example: fraud alerts
If we receive a large number of identity verification checks against a particular person in a short space of time, this may be an indicator that someone is attempting to commit identity theft or another form of fraud. When this happens, we use that indicator to provide real time fraud alerts to clients who have subscribed to that service.
If you have provided your details to an organisation in order to confirm your identity, we may retain those details and link them to other details we hold about you so that if a fraudster attempts to use some of your details to apply for credit with a different organisation, we can raise a potential fraud alert with that organisation.
We may also provide personal data to public sector bodies (for example police, local and central government) to assist them in carrying out their public duties including: the investigation, prevention and detection of crime and the apprehension and prosecution of offenders; missing persons investigations; the assessment and collection of taxes and other statutory payments including the detection of fraudulent benefit claims; the protection of the public purse; national security and the defence of the realm. Data may include the full electoral register, but only where those public sector bodies are entitled to access that data themselves (for specific, limited purposes) under the relevant legislation.
More information about how we (and other credit reference agencies) use personal data in these kinds of service can be found in the
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
.
Profiling, statistical analysis and anonymisation
We use, and allow our clients to use, information to carry out profiling of consumers through statistical analysis. This includes the creation, validation and use of scorecards, models, and attributes in connection with the assessment of risks relating to credit, fraud, affordability and debt collection. It is also used in verifying identities, to monitor and predict market trends and to enable clients to refine lending and fraud strategies, and loss forecasting.
This helps us to determine the likelihood that a consumer with certain characteristics will act in a way that will produce certain outcomes; for example, to repay credit, to be able to afford credit, to claim on an insurance policy, to commit fraud, to respond to certain collection strategies or to become insolvent.
Example: fraud models
When you are looking to set up a new account or use new services (for example, signing up to a new credit card, setting up a new online retail account, or renting a new property), our clients may seek to verify your identity to ensure they are dealing with you and not a fraudster. Our modelled data involves mapping your personal information (such as email address, mobile number and bank details) to produce a score that can help predict the likelihood that your information is being used fraudulently and/or that you have been a victim of fraud.
We may also convert your personal data into statistical or aggregated form so that you are not identified or identifiable (thereby creating anonymised data). Anonymised data is not personal data and we may use such data to carry out research and analysis, including to produce statistical research and reports or for any other purposes.
Product or systems development and testing
We sometimes use personal data for demonstrating, developing, improving, monitoring, maintaining and testing our products and systems. This includes making sure that our security measures are working properly. Where possible, we will anonymise, pseudonymise or aggregate the data before doing this.
Consumer queries; legal and regulatory purposes
We may use your personal data for legal and regulatory purposes. For example, this might include responding to complaints or enquiries from you or a regulator about how we have used your personal data.
Examples: legal and regulatory purposes
If you object to us processing your personal data, we will need to use your personal data to assess your request.
If you make a complaint about us to our regulators, they will normally ask us to investigate your case. This will involve accessing your personal data in the course of that investigation.
Similarly, if you start court proceedings against us, we will normally need to review how we have used your personal data in order to defend ourselves against your claim.
3.
WHAT KINDS OF PERSONAL DATA DO WE USE, AND WHERE DO WE GET IT FROM?
When a client uses our services, they will typically send us information such as:
Identifiers (including your name, date of birth, and current and previous addresses). This helps us to match your information to the other information we hold in our databases.
Other information specific to you, for example your telephone number, email address, internet protocol (IP) address, bank account or credit card number.
Information collected from your device(s), such as your device details, location details or details regarding transactions you undertake.
Information collected from you with your consent, such as copies of government-issued ID documents and selfie images. We may derive biometric representations of your facial images from such documents for the purpose of identity verification and authentication.
The purpose for which they are requesting information about you.
Other relevant details such as the nature of your credit application.
When we receive that information, we match it against the other information that we hold (or obtain from third parties) in order to find and return additional information about you. Depending on the service we are providing, this can include information such as your credit history, credit score, any court judgments or insolvency-related events, property ownership data, fraud indicators, financial transaction information provided via open banking, and additional contact details or address history. It can also include similar kinds of information about people who are financially associated with you.
Some of the information we hold about you may include name and address information from the electoral register (or the electoral roll). There are two versions of this. One is known as the open register (or the edited electoral roll) and can be used for a variety of purposes including marketing, tracing (including online directories used to find friends and family), asset reunification and identity verification. The other is the full register which we can only use for limited purposes, including crime prevention. We use and share this data in accordance with The Representation of the People (England and Wales) regulations 2001 (as amended) and equivalent legislation in Scotland, Northern Ireland and the Isle of Man.
More information about the kinds of personal data we hold, and where we get it from, can be found in the
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
.
4.
HOW LONG IS THE PERSONAL DATA KEPT FOR?
When we receive personal data from a client in order to provide services to them, we will keep a copy of that data for up to fifteen months in order to investigate any data supply or data load issues, restore our systems in the event of a data loss incident, and in order to investigate and respond to any complaints, claims and enquiries that we may receive from consumers, clients or regulators.
We may keep data that has been provided to us for identify verification purposes for up to six years and three months in order to help stop fraudsters – see examples under “Fraud Alerts” in
section 2
above.
Information about how long we keep data in our capacity as a credit reference agency is available in the
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
.
5.
WHAT IS OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR HANDLING PERSONAL DATA?
This section explains the basis on which we process your personal data.
Legitimate interests
The UK’s data protection law allows the use of your personal data where necessary for legitimate purposes provided that this is not outweighed by the impact it has on you. The law calls this the
“legitimate interests”
condition for processing personal data.
The legitimate interests we are typically pursuing when providing services to our clients are:
Interest
Explanation
Promoting responsible lending and helping to prevent over-indebtedness.
Responsible lending means that lenders only sell products that are affordable and suitable for the borrowers’ circumstances. We help ensure this by sharing personal data about potential borrowers, their financial associates where applicable, and their financial history. We also help to protect consumers by preventing over-indebtedness in other areas, such as online gambling. A comprehensive range of measures exists in the UK to underpin the balance so that the legitimate interests are not outweighed by the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals. Further explanation about this balance is set out below.
Helping prevent and detect crime and fraud; anti-money laundering; and identity verification
We provide identity, anti-fraud and anti-money laundering services to help clients meet legal and regulatory obligations, and to the benefit of individuals to support identity verification and support of the detection and prevention of fraud and money-laundering.
Supporting tracing and collections
We provide services that support tracing and collections where there is a legitimate interest in the client conducting activity to find its customer and to recover the debt, or to reunite, or confirm an asset is connected with, the right person. We also assist debt collection agencies in predicting, analysing and evaluating the costs of debt recovery to enable them to determine the value of a debt book.
Complying with and supporting compliance with legal and regulatory requirements
We have to comply with various legal and regulatory requirements, and our services also help other organisations comply with their own legal and regulatory obligations. For example, many kinds of financial services are regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority or the Prudential Regulation Authority, who impose obligations to check that financial products are suitable for the people they are being sold to. We provide data to help with those checks. We also use the data to assist our gambling clients to comply with obligations imposed on them by relevant legislation and the Licence Conditions and Codes of Practice (LCCP) published by the Gambling Commission.
Our use of personal data is subject to an extensive framework of safeguards that help make sure that your rights are protected. These include the information you are given about how your personal data will be used and how you can exercise your rights to obtain your personal data, have it corrected or restricted, object to it being processed, and complain if you are dissatisfied. These safeguards help sustain a fair and appropriate balance so that our activities do not compromise your interests, fundamental rights and freedoms.
Necessity for compliance with a legal obligation
We sometimes need to use your personal data in order to comply with a legal obligation that we are under. For example, if you submit a request to us for a copy of your personal data, either directly or through a third party that you have authorised to act on your behalf, we will normally be legally required to provide that personal data. See
section 9
below for details of what requests you can make and how to make them.
6.
WHO DO WE SHARE THE PERSONAL DATA WITH?
Our clients and resale partners
We share personal data with our clients for the purposes described in
section 2
above. Our clients will each have their own privacy notices which will provide more information about how they (specifically) use the data we supply.
Our clients typically operate in the following sectors:
financial services (including banks, loans, credit cards, mortgages, pensions, debt collection agencies and investments and savings providers)
insurance
gaming / gambling
retail (including car sales / leasing and online retailers)
telecoms and utilities
local and central government
police and other law enforcement bodies
marketing agencies acting for other organisations
landlords, letting agents and housing associations
employers
In some cases, our clients may appoint an intermediary to act on their behalf; these intermediaries will often receive the data too. We also appoint data resale partners who will distribute data to their clients in a similar manner to the ways we do.
Our group companies
We may share your personal data among the members of TU UK. If we do so, then use of the data by those companies will be governed by this privacy notice. A list of relevant TU UK companies is set out below, although the list may be updated from time to time.
Group company
Main trading address / registered office
TransUnion Information Group Limited
(company no. 4968328)
One Park Lane, Leeds, West Yorkshire LS3 1EP
TransUnion International UK Limited
(company no. 3961870)
Callcredit Marketing Limited
(company no. 2733070)
We may also share your personal data with other non-UK based companies within the wider TransUnion group. This includes:
TransUnion Information Group Spain SLU
, Avenida de la Industria 18 28760, Tres Cantos, Spain
iovation Inc
, 555 W. Adams St, Chicago, Illinois 60661
TransUnion LLC
, 555 West Adams Street, Chicago, Illinois 60661
TransUnion Global Technology Centre LLP
, 9th Floor, Block 2,DLF IT/ITES Special Economic Zone Shivaji Gardens, Moonlight Stop, Manapakkam Saidapet Tamil Nadu 600089
TransUnion Global Capability Centre Africa (Pty) Ltd
, G floor, 9 & 10 floor,11 Alice Lane, Sandton, 2196, Gauteng, Johannesburg, South Africa 2197
TransUnion Global Capability Center Costa Rica Limitada
, San Jose-Escazu San Rafael, Trejos Montealegre, De Escazu Village, Three Hundred Meters to the West, Banco General Building, Sixth Floor
Service providers
We may provide your information to third parties who help us use it for the purposes described in
section 2
. For example, our databases of personal data may be hosted by third parties on our behalf. More detail is provided below in respect of our key service providers.
Category of service provider
Role performed for TransUnion
Where processing takes place
Customer Identity and Engagement
Validates telephone numbers and confirms possession of mobile devices, to assist with the detection and prevention of fraud or financial crime.
The USA and the Netherlands and, in some cases, Serbia and Lithuania
Authentication and anti-fraud
Uses JavaScript and first and third party cookies to collect device-identifying technical data from users of our clients’ websites or mobile apps. This is in order to identify suspicious and/or high risk devices to assist with the detection and prevention of fraud or financial crime.
The USA
Digital identity and anti-fraud
Validates email and Internet Protocol (IP) addresses to assist with the detection and prevention of fraud or financial crime.
European Union and, in some cases, the USA
Customer identity verification
Uses a government-issued ID document alongside a ‘live’ photographic image to check for fraud indicators.
European Union, the USA and in some cases Israel, the Philippines, Japan and India
Mobile and digital identity authentication
Uses a mobile phone number to check for fraud indicators and cross checks personal data (name, address, date of birth) against data held by Mobile Network Operators (MNOs) to verify consumers’ identities and for the detection and prevention of fraud.
European Union (United Kingdom, Germany, Jersey and Republic of Ireland)
Anti-money laundering checks
Flags individuals who may be politically exposed persons (PEPs) or subject to financial sanctions.
The European Union (Dow Jones)
Identity verification and fraud prevention
Hosting of a model that maps individuals’ personal information (name, address, phone number, email address, bank account and card details) to help detect and prevent fraud.
European Union
Anti-fraud
Uses JavaScript to collect behavioural attributes when end users interact with an online form on our clients’ websites or mobile apps. This is to identify trusted or anomalous behaviour to assist with the detection and prevention of fraud.
The USA
These service providers will not be allowed to use your information for their own purposes unless you have been notified of this purpose or given your consent.
You and your financial associates
You are entitled to obtain copies of the personal data that we hold about you. You can find out how to do this in
section 9
below.
Similarly, your financial associates are also entitled to obtain copies of the personal data that we hold about them.
Other credit reference agency data sharing activities
For a broader description of how we share data in our capacity as a credit reference agency, please refer to the
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
.
Business transfers
If we sell our business to a third party, or go through a corporate reorganisation, we will transfer personal data to the company that acquires the business.
Regulators and law enforcement
Personal data may be shared with government authorities and/or law enforcement officials if required for the purposes above, if required by law, or if required for the legal protection of our legitimate interests in compliance with applicable laws. For example, we may sometimes need to pass personal data to a regulator such as the Information Commissioner’s Office or the Financial Conduct Authority.
Sharing of anonymised data with third parties
We may share anonymised information with other third parties, but only where the information cannot realistically be identified as relating to you.
7.
WHERE IS THE PERSONAL DATA STORED AND SENT?
Within Europe
We are based in the United Kingdom and will access and use your information from here. However, we also have operations elsewhere in Europe and personal data may be accessed from there too. In these cases, the use of the information in those locations is protected by European data protection standards.
We may also send personal data to some of our service providers or clients who have operations within the European Union.
Elsewhere
We also send information elsewhere in the world. For example:
We make use of TransUnion group service companies (referred to as Global Capability Centres, or GCCs), located in India, South Africa, Costa Rica and the United States. See
section 6
for more details.
When one of our other overseas group companies or branch offices based overseas needs to use the information in accordance with this notice. This may include an overseas group company providing services to their clients for the purposes set out in
section 2
above.
Where we use cloud-based technology or a data centre or backup facility overseas. People in other countries may also need to access that database for purposes such as technical support or system development and testing.
Where our service providers have operations outside the European Union (see the table at
section 6
above).
While the UK and countries within the European Union all ensure a high standard of data protection law, some parts of the world may not provide the same level of legal protection in relation to personal data. As a result, when we do send personal data overseas, we will make sure that suitable safeguards are in place to protect the information when required. For example, these safeguards might include:
Putting in place a contract with the recipient containing terms which have been approved by the authorities as providing a suitable level of protection.
Sending the information to an organisation which is a member of a scheme which has been approved by the authorities as providing a suitable level of protection. One example is the Data Privacy Framework that has been agreed between the UK, European and US authorities.
Encrypting the information (‘scrambling’ or converting it into code which makes it incomprehensible to anyone not authorised to view it) in order to add an additional layer of protection.
If your information has been sent overseas like this, you can obtain further information about the safeguards used by contacting us using the details set out in
section 1
above.
8.
IS THE PERSONAL DATA USED TO MAKE AUTOMATED DECISIONS ABOUT YOU OR TO PROFILE YOU?
Decisions
In almost all cases, we do not use your personal data to make automated decisions about you or to profile you.
We provide data and analytics that help our clients make decisions about lending and other matters (such as preventing fraud or protecting consumers), but our clients’ own data, knowledge, processes and practices will also generally play a significant role in their decisions – and those decisions will always be for them to make.
For example, when we sell our services to credit or loan providers, we do not decide whether or not you should be granted credit or a loan – this is for the lender to decide. Similarly, where we provide information to gambling companies, we do this to help them protect vulnerable consumers or those at risk of becoming overindebted. However, they will ultimately decide how to act upon that information, taking into account their legal and regulatory obligations.
Where our resale partners ask us for a copy of your credit information, we need to verify your identity in order to ensure that your credit information is not given out to fraudsters. This is an automated process and it could result in you being declined access to the services provided by that resale partner if we cannot verify your identity.
Scores and ratings
We use the data we hold to produce credit, risk, fraud, identity, affordability, screening, collection and insolvency scores and credit ratings.
Example: credit scores
If you apply to a bank for a loan, the bank will need to assess your creditworthiness. It will use the information you provide on your form, together with other information it already holds about you (such as how you have managed your previous accounts with that bank), and information obtained from third parties such as credit reference agencies.
We may use the credit reference data we hold to generate a credit score which provides an indication of your creditworthiness. The bank may use the credit score as part of its decision-making. Factors that may affect your credit score include:
How long you have lived at your address.
The number and type of credit agreements you have, and how you use those credit products.
Whether you have been late making payments.
Whether you have had any court judgments made against you.
Whether you have been bankrupt or have had an IVA or other form of debt-related arrangement.
The number of credit-related searches that organisations have made against your credit file, for example when you apply for a loan or credit card, or when a debt collection agency requests information about you.
9.
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS?
You have several different rights in relation to the personal data that we hold about you. These are briefly described below. To enquire about exercising these rights, please use our
Consumer Enquiries
page.
If you are looking for information about your rights in relation to the personal data we hold in our capacity as a credit reference agency, please refer to the
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
.
Access:
You have a right to find out what personal data we hold about you, and certain other information such as how we are using it. (If you want to see your credit report online, please visit
https://www.transunion.co.uk/consumer-solutions/your-credit-report
.)
Withdrawal of consent:
When we rely on your consent to use your data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. However, we do not rely on consent for the activities described in this privacy notice.
Objection to direct marketing:
You have the right to object to us using your personal data for direct marketing purposes, including any profiling or similar activities which are performed as a precursor to direct marketing. The activities described in this privacy notice do not include the use of personal data for direct marketing purposes but you have the right to object to us doing so in the future.
Rectification:
If the information that we hold about you is inaccurate or out of date, you have a right to ask us to correct it.
Objection to processing based on legitimate interests:
Where we rely on the legitimate interests legal basis for using your personal data (see
section 5
above), you can object to that use of the data. We will then review and decide the extent to which we can continue to use the data in light of your particular circumstances.
Erasure:
In certain circumstances you can ask us to delete your personal data from our systems. However, this usually won’t apply to all of your data because we might have good reason for needing to keep some of it.
Restriction:
In some circumstances you can ask us to restrict the ways in which we use your personal data.
Portability:
In some circumstances you have the right to receive some limited kinds of information in a portable format. However, this typically does not apply to the data to which this privacy notice applies.
Please refer to our
Consumer Contact Privacy Notice
for information about how we will handle your personal data in connection with complaints and enquiries.
10.
WHO CAN YOU COMPLAIN TO IF YOU ARE UNHAPPY ABOUT THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We try to ensure that we deliver the best levels of customer service but if you are not happy you should make contact so that we can investigate your concerns. Please contact us through our
Consumer Enquiries
page.
You can also contact our Data Protection Officer at
ukdpo@transunion.com
.
Please refer to our
Consumer Contact Privacy Notice
for information about how we will handle your personal data in connection with complaints and enquiries.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), which is the body that regulates the handling of personal data in the United Kingdom. You can do this online through the ICO’s website at
www.ico.org.uk
, by telephone on 0303 123 1113, or by writing to them at Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF.
Back to top
By clicking “Accept All” you agree to TransUnion Information Group Limited setting and using cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage and for marketing purposes. For more information, please see the
TransUnion Information Group Cookie Notice
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel