Skip to main content
F‑Secure Mobile Security privacy notice
November 2024
1.
Introduction
This document is our F‑Secure Mobile Security privacy notice, which describes what information we collect from you when you use the F‑Secure Mobile Security application (the “App”) and how we use that information. It is important that you read the notice along with the
F‑Secure terms of service
because both apply to your use of the App. Any information that is collected from you by F‑Secure other than through the use of the App will be subject to a different privacy notice.
This notice may be revised to keep pace with changes in our products and services and laws applicable to F‑Secure and you. If we make material changes to this notice, then we will notify you. If you do not wish your information to be subject to the revised notice, you will need to close your account.
This notice can be accessed from the App login screen, from the settings in the App, and from our company’s website.
2.
Information we collect
F‑Secure offers multiple tiers within the App. Each tier offers increased access to F‑Secure security features. Information required to provide these services may vary and are listed in this document to help you understand what information we collect directly from you, from your device and how we use this information. Details regarding product features for the App for iOS and Android devices can be found
here
and
here
.
a.
Categories of information
F‑Secure, or F‑Secure’s partners, may collect the following categories of information from you in the course of using the App:
Registration data
, including an email address and password.
Device data
, such as equipment identifier (e.g., mobile phone number, device type and manufacturer, operating system type and version, wireless carrier/operator, network type, country of origin, Wi‑Fi network SSID, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, and the dates and times of your requests.
Application data
, including metadata of all applications installed on your mobile device (including, but not limited to, the names of the apps and the versions of the apps), and in certain circumstances, we may also collect a copy of part or entire copies of application files on your device if we encounter an application that we have not previously analyzed. This data is pseudonymized and is maintained in aggregate to ensure an individual cannot be identified from other customers. We may also collect information about how applications behave on your device (e.g., whether an application is sending premium-rate text messages that may charge money to your phone bill) and the network services with which your applications communicate.
Location data.
Some features we offer work better if we can locate your mobile device. With your consent, which is provided during initial registration, F-Secure may collect location information in two ways. We may receive it directly from your mobile device, or, in some situations, we may infer location data from cell tower or Wi‑Fi hotspot information. We may use third-party service providers to translate that information into usable location information. To prevent location data from being shared go to your mobile device settings and turn off location services, but doing so may affect the features that F-Secure can provide.
Theft Alerts data,
including location data and a picture that is taken when the Theft Alerts feature is activated.
Payment data,
including your credit card number, expiration date, security code and other applicable billing information, including your zip code, may be collected directly by F‑Secure’s partners if you have purchased the Premium and Premium Plus versions of
the application.
Web content data,
including URLs and domains for malicious content and content that needs additional analysis to determine if those URLs are unsafe (e.g., if the URLs contain phishing attacks or malware). F‑Secure does not collect browsing history.
Identity Theft Protection data
, which you have the option to provide if you purchased F‑Secure Premium Plus, including private information (such as a driver's license number, social security number, passport number, or other identification number), financial information (such as a bank account, debit and credit card numbers), medical insurance number, and other data about you, including name and title (or other people you enroll in the service), may be collected directly by F‑Secure’s partner, CSIdentity (now part of Experian).
Analytics data
,
including third party tools such as Mixpanel, Braze, and mParticle to help us analyze and aggregate data regarding your use of the App. We encourage you to read the
Mixpanel privacy policy
,
Braze privacy policy
, and
mParticle privacy policy
.
Given that product features will vary by tier, F‑Secure may collect different types of information based on the tier you are using as described further below.
b.
Information F‑Secure collects for the F‑Secure basic app
Registration data.
To create an account, you must provide an email address and a password.
Device data.
When you use the App, our servers record certain information about your mobile device as described in section 2a above.
Application data
. When you use the App, we collect application files and download a copy of part or entire copies of application files on your device if we encounter an application that we have not previously analyzed as described in section 2a above. For clarity, F‑Secure does not collect user data you enter into those applications. Because F‑Secure does not collect any user data you enter into the applications on your mobile device, F‑Secure does not collect, read, review, or scan your emails, or text messages. F‑Secure does not collect your photos, or videos, but may scan such files locally on the device to protect you from certain threats that hide inside photo or video files.
Location data
. If activated, F‑Secure’s Missing Device feature, including the ability to Locate and Scream your device remotely, uses location data to help you locate your phone near its last known location if you lose it and its battery dies. Additionally, if you have Signal Flare enabled, this feature collects location data and sends it back to F‑Secure when your battery is running low.
c.
Information F‑Secure collects for the F‑Secure Premium app
F‑Secure collects the same information stated in the F‑Secure basic app, but in addition to this information, F‑Secure’s partner will also collect payment data directly from you to allow you to access premium features, web content data to use the Safe Browsing feature, and Theft Alerts data to provide the Theft Alerts feature as described below.
Payment data.
If you purchase a Premium or Premium Plus App subscription directly from us, we use a third-party payment processor to collect payment data. Our third-party vendor will use this information to bill you for services. F‑Secure will have information regarding your Premium and/or Premium Plus account. This information will include the amount you paid, and the method of payment. We will not have your credit card, bank information or zip code; this information remains with the third-party payment processor. If you purchase the App from an app store or through your carrier plan your payment information will be managed by that app store or carrier. Payment does not go to F‑Secure. Your payment could be processed in various ways. In order to provide our services to you, the app store will send F‑Secure confirmation of your purchase. Carriers may share your phone number, subscriber ID, SKU and other non-financial information. The app store and your carrier will not share credit card or billing data. For additional information, please refer to your app store or carrier’s payment processing policies and procedures.
Web content data.
To provide the Safe Browsing service, F‑Secure uses web content data. If you do not want us to record the unsafe URLs you visit, you may turn Safe Browsing off; all other F‑Secure features will continue to function.
Theft Alerts data.
When Theft Alerts is activated a photo is taken. The picture and location data (GPS location) are stored briefly on our servers so we can send you an email with the picture and a map of your device’s location. The picture is then deleted from our server. We send the email to the address associated with your account so remember to keep your email address up to date in your account settings.
d.
Information F‑Secure collects for the F‑Secure Premium Plus app
F‑Secure collects the same information stated in the Premium app, but in addition to this information, F‑Secure’s partner will also collect Identity Theft Protection data from you.
Identity Theft Protection data.
When you use the Identity Theft Protection feature you may input the Identity Theft Protection data described above for the purposes of enrolling in certain identity protection monitoring services provided by our third-party partner, CSIdentity (now part of Experian). The information that CSIdentity collects and stores about you will depend on the information you have inputted within the App. CSIdentity may need to communicate your Identity Theft Protection Data to third party service providers (such as identification verification companies, consumer reporting agencies, credit bureaus, payment validation companies, law enforcement agencies, and others) in order to provide those services to you.
e.
Information F‑Secure collects from third-party sources
F-Secure receives analytics data from third parties as described above.
3.
How we use your information
When we collect your information, we store it and associate it with your account unless otherwise noted. Please note that we need certain types of information so that we can provide the services to you.  If you do not provide us with such information, or ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access the services. We take your privacy very seriously and will only use and disclose this information for the business and commercial purposes described in this Notice. How we use your information will vary depending on the type of data as described below:
a.
Application data
We use this data to provide our services by conducting scans of application files to determine if any applications are behaving maliciously. We also pseudonymize data and aggregate the information to produce popularity of applications by region, and to perform our mobile threat analysis. This mobile threat analysis data will remain pseudonymized to ensure data privacy. Combining customer data in a secure and confidential way helps F‑Secure to better understand current security threats, and to improve the App.
b.
Device data
Automatic scans of your device may occur periodically to collect details about the applications, devices and operating system files on your device.  F‑Secure will gather the results of scans performed by our services and the most current security disposition of the device. In addition, regular updates of threat definitions will be performed. These activities help to protect your mobile end point by allowing the App to detect and address threats on your mobile device. Where available, F‑Secure may use client device information to let you know you need to update your operating system. In addition to using the information you provide to us and the information we collect from your mobile endpoint device to deliver the App, we also use the information collected from your device to perform data analytics. These analytics provide important information which helps to improve the features and usability of our products. We analyze information such as how often you use the App on your mobile endpoint device, the events that occur within the App on your mobile endpoint device and where the App was downloaded onto your mobile endpoint device. We also use this information in aggregate to perform analysis on known and new mobile threats.
c.
Identity Theft Protection data
CSIdentity will use this information to verify your identity and provide you with the requested Identity Protection services. If you upgrade to a Premium Plus subscription that includes identity theft insurance, our partners will use your information to provide you with assistance and applicable insurance coverage if your identity is compromised.
d.
Location data
If activated, F‑Secure’s Missing Device feature, including the ability to Locate and Scream your device remotely, uses location data to help you locate your phone near its last known location if you lose it and its battery dies. Additionally, if you have Signal Flare enabled, this feature collects location data and sends it back to F‑Secure when your battery is running low.
e.
Registration data
We may use your email address to send you information about product announcements and special promotions from F‑Secure or our business partners. If you email F‑Secure for support, we may retain that information in order to provide you with support and to improve our services. We may use your email address to communicate with your device about the services, including sending privacy or security related notices and notifying you of major F‑Secure services changes.
f.
Theft Alerts data
We use this information to perform the Theft Alert services.
g.
Web content data
Safe Browsing is a feature designed to identify and warn you of unsafe URLs so that you can choose to avoid loading them. URLs visited are pseudonymized and sent to F‑Secure to perform security scans. We use the record of unsafe URLs you visit to provide you with notice that the URL you attempted to reach is unsafe.
4.
How we disclose your information
This section describes how F‑Secure may share and disclose your information.
a.
Third-party service providers and partners
We may share your information with third-party service providers of products and services integrated with our software that need to know your information to fulfill your product or service requests, support our products and services, analyze data for product performance, and product improvement purposes. For example:
When using the Identity Theft Protection service, your information is collected by our partner, CSIdentity (now part of Experian) to provide the service to you. CSIdentity may in turn provide your data to third parties such as identification verification companies, consumer reporting agencies, credit bureaus, payment validation companies, law enforcement agencies, and others for purposes of providing you with the services requested. CSIdentity may also provide you with monitoring and alerts and obtain information and reports about you (or about others that you have enrolled) in order to provide the Identity Protection services, including address history, name, alias and other reports. We require that CSIdentity and its service providers use data collected from you only for purposes of providing services through the F‑Secure Premium Plus product.
We may share your information with our resellers or other mobile operators to ensure proper delivery of your purchase and related support services and perform business-related functions.
We may use your information to conduct market research and engage in joint promotional activities with companies that have products that can add value to F‑Secure products or services (for example, with mobile operators).
b.
Third-party payment partners
We may allow services providers to collect information directly from you to perform accounting, auditing, billing reconciliation, and collection activities
.
c.
To comply with law
We may disclose your information consistent with the law to, for example: (i) comply with a law, regulation, or legal process (including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements); (ii) protect the safety or security of any person, entity or facility; (iii) address potential violations of our notice; (iv) investigate fraud, security, or technical issues; or (v) protect F‑Secure’s or a third party's rights or property, our employees, users and the public. We strongly believe that you have a right to know if we are required by law to disclose your information. As such, before we disclose your information in response to a law enforcement request (for example, a subpoena or court order), we will notify you at the email listed in your account, unless (a) we are prohibited from doing so or (b) in emergency cases where notice could create a risk of injury or death, or the case involves potential harm to minors. Furthermore, nothing in this notice is meant to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party, including the government’s, request to disclose your information.
d.
During a change to F‑Secure’s business
We may also disclose your information to an actual or potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger, or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your information only for the purposes disclosed in this notice.
e.
Pseudonymized and aggregated data
For data analysis we pseudonymize, aggregate and summarize data that may include some of your data. We may share reports resulting from this data analysis publicly, in order to help others understand mobile threats and gain insights into particular mobile application behavior.
f.
With consent
We may also disclose your information to third parties when we have your consent to do so.
5.
Your choices
a.
You can access and update your settings
You may update the settings of your F‑Secure Mobile Security account via the “Settings” page on our mobile application, or by logging in via our website at
personal.f-secure.com
, to modify certain settings that affect what data is shared with us. To protect your privacy and security, we require your username and password in order to verify your identity before granting you access or making changes to your account.
b.
Email opt-outs
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from F‑Secure by using the unsubscribe link within each email. Although opt-out requests are usually processed immediately, please allow ten (10) business days for a removal request to be processed. Even after you opt out from receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive transactional and product-related messages from us regarding F‑Secure services. You can opt out of some of these notification messages in your account settings.
6.
Data retention
F‑Secure will retain your information, including your personal data (as that term is defined by the GDPR), only as long as reasonably necessary to provide our products and services to you or as otherwise required for legal compliance purposes.
7.
Security
a.
F‑Secure’s responsibilities
F‑Secure is a security company, and securing your data is important to us. F‑Secure uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to ensure appropriate technical and organizational measures appropriate to the risk of processing your information. For example, we use a combination of firewalls, authentication, physical security, and other safeguards to protect your account and your data. When you enter sensitive information (such as location data) within the App we encrypt that information while in transit and at rest using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We also perform third-party penetration tests to harden our systems from attack. F‑Secure takes every reasonable effort to implement controls to protect against complex technological threats and other criminal threats, as well as to guard against negligent employees.
Because no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information, data or content that F‑Secure receives on your behalf to operate the F‑Secure services, or that you transmit to F‑Secure. All such receipt or transmission of your information is provided under your own free will and at your own risk. We cannot guarantee that such information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
If F‑Secure learns of a security breach that may affect you, we will attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. F‑Secure will also post a notice on the App if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
b.
Your responsibilities
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password at all times. We recommend a strong password that you do not use with other services. If you believe your password has been compromised, please change your password immediately via the F‑Secure website, or visit
support.lms.f-secure.com
for assistance. You are responsible for ensuring that the email address associated with your account is accurate. We use that email to contact you about service updates, changes to our policies, and account activities such as requests for your information or locate attempts on your device. F‑Secure is not responsible for information transmitted to a third party as a result of a user’s providing an incorrect email address.
8.
Users under 16
F-Secure does not knowingly collect or store any personal data about children under the age of 16 unless they are part of a multiple-device plan purchased by a parent who consents to such collection and storage as described in the F‑Secure Mobile Security terms of service. If you believe a child is using this service without parental consent, please contact us at
privacy@f-secure.com
.
9.
International data transfers
F‑Secure, Inc. is a US-based company with servers housed in the United States. Personal data collected from users outside the United States is transferred to the United States. If you are using the App from outside the United States your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our databases are operated.
10.
Additional terms for California residents
a.
Personal information
In accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act,
Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, “Applicable State Laws”)
, below is a list of the categories of Personal Information (as that term is defined by the CCPA) that we collect through the App, the categories of sources we collect them from, the commercial purpose for which the information was collected, and the categories of third parties with which we share the Personal Information. The information listed in the chart below is accurate of the preceding 12 months.
Categories of personal information
Categories of sources
Commercial purpose
Categories of entities that we sell, share, or disclose personal information to for a business purpose
Identifiers, including email address, IP address, Wi‑Fi SSID and other device identifiers
Consumer
Provide service, improve service, customer service, analytics
Data analytics providers, service providers, and contractors
Identity Theft Protection identifiers, including SSN, driver’s license number, credit card, bank account numbers, zip code*
Consumer
Provide service
Service providers, and contractors
Geolocation data
Consumer
Provide service
Service providers, and contractors
Information regarding a consumer’s interaction with websites or applications
Consumer
Provide service
Service providers, and contractors
*All Identity Theft Protection identifiers are inputted directly by the consumer, are stored by F‑Secure’s third party service provider, CSID (now part of Experian), and used solely for the purposes of providing the services.
b.
Your rights
In accordance with applicable state laws, and subject to exceptions, residents of certain states have the following rights:
Access
.
You have the right to request that F‑Secure disclose and deliver the categories of personal information F‑Secure has collected about you, or the specific pieces of personal information the business has collected about you;
Deletion
. You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information in certain situations, subject to certain exceptions outlined in the law;
Correction
. You have the right to correct or amend the personal information we have on file about you;
Non-discrimination
.
You have the right to not be discriminated against, including but not limited to the right not to be charged a different price for the services or denying you access to the services, on the basis of your decision to exercise any of your rights in this section. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under applicable state laws.
Opt-out
.
F‑Secure does not sell or share any personal information of its users of the App, so this right is not applicable to you.
Limit use of sensitive personal information
. F‑Secure does not process your sensitive personal information (as that term is defined under the CCPA) for any purposes beyond those permitted in Section 7027(m) of the CCPA regulations, so this right is not applicable to you.
You may exercise your rights to access your information or to delete your information by contacting us at
support.lms.f-secure.com
or via
F
‑
Secure customer support
.
As stated above in Section 5a, to protect your privacy and security, we require you to verify your identity by logging into your account with your username and password before granting your request to access or delete your personal Information. If we cannot verify your identity, then we shall not disclose any specific pieces of personal Information in response to an access request, and we shall deny your request to delete personal Information in response to a deletion request. For requests to delete your information, F‑Secure shall use a two-step process where you must first, clearly submit the request to delete and then second, separately confirm that you want your personal Information deleted. As a resident of California, Colorado or Connecticut, you may have an authorized agent make an access or deletion request on your behalf, provided that the authorized agent has your written permission, and you are able to verify your own identity directly with F‑Secure. If you have a disability that prevents or limits your ability to access this privacy notice, please email us at
privacy@f-secure.com
. We will work with you to provide it in an alternative format.
11.
Additional terms for European Economic Area (“EEA”) residents
a.
Legal basis for processing
If you are a visitor from the EEA, F‑Secure is the data controller of your personal data (as that term is defined in the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)). The legal basis for collecting and using your personal data as set out in this notice will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal data from you only where: (a) use of your personal data is necessary to perform our obligations under any contract with you (for example, to comply with the terms of service which you accept by downloading and using the App); or (b) use of your personal data is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (for example, to ensure the security of the App, operate and market the App, ensure safe environments for our personnel and others, and prevent fraud); or (c) we have your consent to do so (such as for some of our marketing activities). Some processing is done to comply with applicable law.
b.
Data transfers
To provide this service, F‑Secure stores and processes personal data in the U.S. When we transfer personal data which originates in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, and/or the United Kingdom to a country that has not been found to provide an adequate level of protection under applicable data protection laws, we rely on the Data Privacy Framework (see additional information on the Data Privacy Framework below), the UK International Data Transfer Agreement/Addendum or EU Standard Contractual Clauses to safeguard the transfer.
F‑Secure complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. F‑Secure has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit the
Data Privacy Framework website
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, F‑Secure commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
jamsadr.com/submit
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. If you have a complaint that we have violated the DPF Principles that has not been resolved by other means, you may have the ability to invoke binding arbitration following the procedure explained on the DPF website. Please note that F‑Secure is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
In some cases, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If we transfer your personal data onward to a third party, we remain liable under the DPF Principles if the data is processed in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles.
For more information about the safeguards we use for international transfers of your personal information, please contact us as set forth below.
12. Data subject rights
If you are a resident of the United Kingdom, EEA, or another jurisdiction with an applicable data protection law (such as Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah), you may have certain rights in relation to your Personal Data. These rights may be subject to certain exemptions. These rights may include:
Access
.
You may have the right to request a copy of the personal data that we are processing about you. If you require additional copies, we may need to charge a reasonable fee;
Rectification
. You may have the right to require the correction of any mistake in the personal data, whether incomplete or inaccurate, that we hold about you;
Deletion
. You may have the right to require the erasure of personal data concerning you in certain situations, such as where we no longer need it or if you withdraw your consent (where applicable);
Portability
. You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you that you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit that data to a third party in certain situations;
Objection
. You may have the right to (i) object at any time to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes and (ii) object to our processing of your personal data where the legal ground of such processing is necessary for legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party.
Opt-out
. You may have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal data, as well as the right to opt out of the use of your personal information for targeted advertising purposes.
Restriction
. You have the right to request that we restrict our processing of your personal data in certain circumstances, such as when you contest the accuracy of that personal information;
Automated decision-making and profiling
. You may have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you.
Withdrawal of consent
. If we rely on your consent for processing your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
Lodge a complaint to a data supervisory authority
. Depending on your jurisdiction, you may have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data supervisory authority if you believe we are in violation of applicable data protection law.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, you can do so by contacting
F
‑
Secure customer support
. We will respond to your request in the time period required under applicable law. Please note that we may need to verify your identity prior to complying with your request. We will verify your identity and you may also designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf (though we may still need to verify your identity).
13.
Contact us if you have any questions or concerns
Please contact us at
privacy@f-secure.com
, or by postal mail at F-Secure, Inc., Attn: Majda Muhic, 100 Church Street 8th Floor, New York, NY 10007, with any questions or comments about this Notice. Residents of the EEA may also contact by sending inquiries to the attention of Miina Hiilloskivi-Knox, Legal Counsel, Tammasaarenkatu 7, 00180 Helsinki, Finland.
X
$h2
$hl
X
We use cookies to improve your experience on this and other web­sites. Cookies are text files stored by your browser. They contain information that helps us tailor the content you see on F‑Secure pages, aggregate statistics of site usage and performance, and offer more relevant advertisements of our products and services elsewhere on the web. Accepting all cookies provides you with a better user experience. By using F‑Secure web­sites, you accept the use of cookies. By declining you opt out from optional cookies. You may also adjust your settings to disable certain optional cookies.
Functional cookies
ALWAYS ON
These cookies are required for our web­site to work properly or by regulations that apply to us, and cannot be turned off. Among other things, they take care of secure login sessions to the My F‑Secure service, storing your country of origin, and remembering the cookie preferences you select.
Performance cookies
ALWAYS ON
These cookies help us collect statistics of how you and other customers use our web­site. We always look at aggregate data, and nothing about you, personally, is stored. Performance cookies also allow us to run A/B tests on our site and tailor its content based on your device type, for example.
Personalisation cookies
ON
OFF
These cookies help us personalise the content and offers we provide to you, based on your usage of our web­site and other digital plat­forms. This ensures we can always offer you the content and information that benefits you the most.
Marketing cookies
ON
OFF
These cookies are mostly set by advertisement platform providers such as Google or Face­book. They help us decipher, based on your actions on our site, which of our products, services, and offers are the most relevant for you. We use this data to tailor the ads you see on other web­sites.
F‑Secure web­site privacy policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://mixpanel.com/privacy/:

Sub-policy 1
https://www.braze.com/legal/:
Legal Information
Customer & Prospect Documentation
Main Subscription Agreement
(Prior MSA Versions
Here
)
Acceptable Use Policy
Braze Beta Terms
Free Trial Terms
HIPAA Business Associate Addendum
Code of Conduct
Reseller Terms
Reseller Terms of Use
Reseller Pass-Through Terms of Use
Suppliers
Sponsorship Agreement
Corporate Responsibility
UK Modern Slavery Statement
UK Gender Pay Gap Reporting
Braze Messaging Terms & Conditions
Privacy Information
Braze as a Processor
Data Processing Addendum
Standard Contractual Clauses
Braze Sub-processors
Security, Privacy and Architecture Datasheet
Data Privacy Framework Notice
GDPR FAQs
Data Protection Technical Assistance
Transparency Report
You can find our privacy-related articles
here
Braze as a Controller
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy for Job Candidates
Preference Center
Data Subject Request Form
Sub-policy 2
https://www.mparticle.com/privacypolicy/:
Rokt and mParticle Merge to Redefine Real-Time Relevance
Read the announcement
Privacy Policy
mParticle, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, U.S.A. (“mParticle”, “we”, “us” and “our”), is a global software-as-a-service company headquartered in New York, New York, U.S.A., with operations in the United Kingdom and the European Union and Economic Area.  We offer a suite of technology services and features that enable marketers to connect, distribute and otherwise process their customer data. Our platform consists of: (a) the mParticle service, our core customer data service, (b) Analytics, a data analytics service (formerly known as the Indicative Service), and (c) Cortex, a machine learning or artificial intelligence service (collectively, the “Platform”).
Purpose of this privacy policy
At mParticle, we are committed to protecting your data. We also work very hard at being transparent about the information we hold about you and our customers. Using data allows us to develop a better understanding of how you and other users interact with our communications, and in turn to provide you with relevant and timely information about the work that we do. Data also helps us to engage with our current and potential customers, as applicable (“Customers”).
mParticle collects personal data in the course of its business. The definition of personal data varies depending on the laws where you are located. For example, in the European Union (EU), personal data is defined broadly, and would include data that may be used to contact or identify a person (e.g., email, telephone number), as well as pseudonymous data that is generally only able to identify a computer, browser or a mobile device. The state of California and other U.S. States have also adopted a broad definition of personal information. We will explain the different types of personal data below, and will try to be clear when we’re describing our use of each throughout this Privacy Policy (this “Policy”).
The purpose of this Policy is to explain how information is collected, used and processed by mParticle and its subsidiaries mParticle Limited (UK), mParticle Limited (Canada), mParticle Pty Ltd (Australia), Indicative, Inc., and Vidora, LLC, including how such information:
is treated for recruiting purposes;
is collected from our Customers; and
is collected, used and disclosed via the Platform.
Our objective is to give you a clear explanation about how we collect and process your information through your use of our websites, including any data you may provide through this website and when you sign up to our newsletters, register for an event or ask us to get in touch with you.
It is important that you read this Policy together with any other notices we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing information about you, so that you are aware of how and why we are using your information. This Policy supplements our other policies and is not intended to override them.
If you have any questions, please contact our Data Protection Officer using the contact details at the end of this Policy.
+ Expand
Who we are
mParticle legal entities:  mParticle and its subsidiaries mParticle UK Limited (UK), mParticle Limited (Canada), mParticle Pty Ltd (Australia), Indicative, Inc., and Vidora, LLC.
mParticle is a software technology company that has developed a software-as-a-service tools and platforms (our “Platforms”) enabling enterprises to (1) collect, organize, synchronize and analyze data from applications, websites, connected devices, and offline data sources and (2) distribute such data to various service providers, including analytics, artificial intelligence, monetization, data warehousing and other services.  As such, mParticle functions as a core data and services orchestration layer for enterprises. mParticle’s website URLs (our “Sites”) are:
https://www.mparticle.com
https://docs.mparticle.com
https://opendsr.org
https://app.mparticle.com/
https://partners.mparticle.com
https://changelog.mparticle.com/
https://brand.mparticle.com/
https://mparticle.statuspage.io
https://support.mparticle.com
https://www.vidora.com
https://app.vidora.com
https://www.indicative.com/
https://app.indicative.com
https://status.indicative.com
+ Expand
Information we may collect about you
Our Sites are primarily directed to our Customers, companies that provide services to us (“Vendors”), companies that we partner with on things like industry events (“Partners”), and current and prospective employees. Employee (HR) data is covered under a separate privacy policy. Customers, Vendors and Partners are generally businesses (as opposed to individuals). We collect personal data via the Sites that can be used to identify or contact a unique person (“PII”). We generally will only collect PII via the Sites when you provide it directly to us.
For example, you may provide PII, such as an email address or a telephone number, by sending us an email or filling out a form on the Site. Prospective employees may also send their resume that includes their postal address and other employment details. Further, our Customers may register via the Sites with their email address, creating their own password and providing other contact details such as their name, company and title. By registering for and accessing the Sites, our Customers can access the Platform.
If you fail to provide PII
Where we need to collect PII by law or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that information when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with more information about an event). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
Users under 16, children
Our Sites and the Platform are directed to businesses. We do not knowingly contact or collect information from children under 16. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information. If you are under 16, or the age of majority in the jurisdiction in which you reside, you may only use the Sites and Platforms with the consent of your parent or legal guardian.
+ Expand
How we collect your data
We collect different information about you in a number of ways:
Information you give us
When you sign up to our newsletters, request marketing materials, register for an event or sign into the Platform, we will store the PII you give to us, such as your name and email address.
Automated technologies or interactions
When you visit our Sites, some information is automatically collected. This may include information such as the operating system running on your device, internet protocol address, access times, browser type and language, and the website you visited before visiting our Sites. In many jurisdictions, this type of pseudonymous information is considered personal data. In this Policy, we’ll refer to this type of pseudonymous information as “Pseudonymous Personal Data.”
If you live outside of the US or Canada, please visit the cookie policy for
mParticle
,
Vidora
and
Indicative
.
We automatically collect information using “cookies” and Web beacons. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Sites or in our emails. Among other things, cookies help us improve our Sites, our marketing activities, and your experience. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Sites. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and/or to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Sites. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
.
mParticle does not sell data via the Platform and therefore does not take action in response to “Do Not Track” browser signals from users.
We use a number of third-party tools on the Sites. Please visit the cookie policy for
mParticle
,
Vidora
and
Indicative
to find out more.
+ Expand
How we may use your information
We will only use your information when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your information in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you (e.g., where we process your email address in order to access our systems or for billing purposes);
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests;
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation; and
Where we have your consent before using information; provided that you have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us, and you can find the relevant contact details at the end of this Policy.
Purposes for which we will use your PII and other personal data
We use the information we collect primarily to provide, maintain, protect and improve our current products, to develop new ones and to manage Customer accounts and human resources functions.
We use PII for the general purpose it was provided.
For example, if you ask a question about our products and services, we may send you an email in response, and might even have a salesperson contact you to gauge your interest in learning more about the Platform.
In general, we may use your information to:
Improve the Platform, Sites and how we operate our business;
Understand and enhance your experience using our Sites, products and Platform;
Provide and deliver products and services you request;
Respond to your comments or questions and allow our team to provide service;
Send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Communicate with you about promotions, upcoming events and news about products and services offered by mParticle and our selected Partners;
Link or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your needs and provide you with better service; and
Protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized or illegal activity.
Marketing communications
We aim to communicate with you about the work that we do in ways that you find relevant, timely, respectful, and never excessive. To do this, we use data that we have stored about you, such as which events you have booked for in the past, as well as any contact preferences you may have told us about.
We use consent or in some cases, legitimate interest as the legal basis for communications by email and for the collection of PII in the context of our sales and marketing activities where we have evaluated that our interests are not overridden by your fundamental rights. We will give you an opportunity to opt out of receiving electronic communications. If you do not opt out, we will provide you with an option to unsubscribe or manage your preferences in every email that we send you subsequently. Alternatively, you can use the contact details at the end of this Policy to update your contact preferences.
+ Expand
Data collection and use for the Platforms
The Platforms is designed to allow our Customers to better understand how their customers, prospective customers and other individuals (their “Users”) utilize the products and services offered by our Customers. mParticle operates the Platform as a service provider and data processor with respect to each Customer’s data. We are contractually required to only process data as directed by our Customers and for no other purpose. The Platform provides our Customers with the ability to collect information based on User interactions with Customer owned or operated mobile application(s), mobile website(s) or other digital properties where Customers have integrated with the Platform (collectively, “Customer Digital Properties”) and send communications to such Users. Some information is automatically collected from or about Users when they visit or use Customer Digital Properties. The types of information collected via Customer Digital Properties for the Platform may include: the date/time for a visit to a Customer Digital Property, referrer information such as what search engine and search keywords Users may have used to get to a Customer Digital Property, information about the browser or device your User is on such as their operating system, as well as the city/country location of Users, and any pseudonymous tokens and mobile advertising IDs (e.g., AAID in the Android o/s). In addition, our Customers can each choose what other User data they want to collect and store on the Platform such as an IP address, precise location information such as lat/long, a User’s age, user names, real names, email addresses and other custom data points as determined by each Customer. Each Customer determines whether we transfer data from the Platform and what specific data points are transferred.
Our standard practice is to prohibit Customers from placing onto the Platform sensitive information (e.g., passwords, authentication credentials, credit cards, social security or driver’s license numbers), special categories of data as defined under applicable data protection laws or information that is deemed sensitive by applicable law or self-regulatory codes. mParticle functions strictly as the data processing agent of our Customers. As a data processor and agent of our Customer, mParticle processes data via the Platform as directed by our Customer and for no other purposes. Accordingly, other than those aforementioned restrictions, the data stored on the Platform is subject to the privacy policies of each Customer.
Our standard practice is to prohibit Customers from placing onto the Platforms sensitive information (e.g., passwords, authentication credentials, credit cards, social security or driver’s license numbers), special categories of data as defined under applicable data protection laws or information that is deemed sensitive by applicable law or self-regulatory codes. mParticle functions strictly as the data processing agent of our Customers. As a data processor and agent of our Customer, mParticle processes data via the Platforms as directed by our Customer and for no other purposes. Accordingly, other than those aforementioned restrictions, the data stored on the Platforms is subject to the privacy policies of each Customer.
+ Expand
Disclosure of your details to third parties
Sharing of information, onward transfer
There are certain circumstances under which we may disclose your information to third parties. These are as follows:
We may share your information with certain third-parties as specified below:
With third-party agents, including Vendors who work on our behalf as
sub-processors
, provided such third parties contractually  agree to adhere to the same privacy principles as mParticle;
With Partners, including companies that we think offer complementary services as mParticle, provided such Partners agree to adhere to the same privacy principles as mParticle (e.g., marketing events at industry trade shows) where we have your permission;
Our Customers may request that we send their data to integration Partners – some of which may be found at
https://docs.mparticle.com/integrations/, https://www.vidora.com/solutions/integrations/
and
https://www.indicative.com/product/integrations/
; however, please note that each Customer determines which integration partners to use (if any) and what data gets transferred subject to each Customer’s privacy policy;
To protect the rights and property of mParticle, our agents, employees, Partners, Vendors, Customers and others including enforcement of our agreements, policies and terms of use;
In an emergency, including protection of the personal safety of any person;
For the purposes of a business deal (or negotiation of a business deal) involving sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets (business deals may include, for example, any merger, financing, acquisition, divestiture or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding); and
As required in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including meeting of national security or law enforcement requirements.
In cases of onward transfer to third parties of data of EU, UK or Swiss residents received pursuant to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF, mParticle is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under the above listed DPF programs and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. mParticle shall remain liable under the above listed DPF programs if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF program principles, unless the organization proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
This Policy does not cover any third-party websites services. To learn about those third parties’ privacy practices, please visit their privacy policies.
Certain U.S. State laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, provide data subjects with the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of their personal information. mParticle does not sell data as part of the Platform. Similarly, we do not sell identifiable personal data (e.g., email, telephone number) collected via the Sites or pursuant to our sales and marketing activities. However, our marketing team may co-promote events with other companies that may involve the sharing of attendee lists. The sharing of those attendee lists across companies may constitute a sale. Moreover, we enable third-parties operating on our Sites to place pixels that collect pseudonymous data from visitors to our Sites and which may be deemed a sale of personal information in California and other places. This pseudonymous data includes pseudonymous IDs, IP addresses and similar information and is used for marketing and advertising purposes. We provide a notice of these practices when you first visit our Sites and provide the appropriate choice mechanism as required by law. You may control the use of cookies via your browser settings. You may also opt-out from the sale or sharing of this information by mParticle as described in the Cookie Policy.
+ Expand
Security of your information
We take reasonable steps to help protect your information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
We have put in place appropriate safeguards (both in terms of our procedures and the technology we use) to keep your information as secure as possible. We will ensure that any third parties we use for processing your information do the same and that they will only process your information on our instructions. The third parties will also be subject to a duty of confidentiality.
It is your responsibility to protect your usernames and passwords to help prevent anyone from accessing or abusing your accounts and services. You should not use or reuse the same passwords you use with other accounts as your password for our services. No security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error. Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business.
Data Localization, Onward Transfer
mParticle may store and process PII in the United States and the European Economic Area. By using the Platform as a Customer, you consent to this transfer of your information into the U.S. unless you’ve selected a data localization option.
mParticle complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from the European Union, United Kingdom and Switzerland. mParticle will not use the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF or the Swiss-U.S. DPF as a transfer mechanism for personal data until such time as those programs receive an adequacy designation from the EU Commission.
mParticle has certified that it adheres to the DPF program principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. If there is any conflict between the policies of this privacy policy and the DPF program principles, the DPF program principles shall govern. To learn more about the DPF programs, and to view our certification page, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search
.
As an alternative or in addition to DPF, mParticle may utilize the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the EU Commission for the transfer of personal data from the EU, UK (along with the UK IDTA or Addendum) and Switzerland.
+ Expand
Data retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
For the Platform:
mParticle retains Customer data for the retention period set forth in the applicable agreement between mParticle and the Customer, typically 24 months, and mParticle will delete Customer data promptly following either party’s termination of the applicable agreement or earlier if directed by the Customer.
We retain User level data on the Platform as directed by our Customers and for a reasonable time thereafter for audit purposes and as otherwise required by law.
+ Expand
Your legal rights
U.S. Data Subjects
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides additional privacy protections for California consumers, including: (a) the right to see what data we have about you, your computer or device (i.e., the right to know), (b) the right to delete the data we have about you, your computer or device (i.e., the right to delete), (c) the right to edit or correct data we have about you, your computer or device (i.e., the right to correct), (d) the right to port that data over to a different provider, and (e) the right to opt-out of the sale to certain third parties (i.e., the right to opt-out from sales of your information). Other U.S. States (e.g., Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah) have privacy laws with similar rules as California that grant you similar rights. mParticle uses the same process to honor CCPA and other U.S. State privacy law rights including but not limited to right of access and deletion that we use for GDPR rights for EU and Swiss data subjects. That process is described below.
We do not discriminate against you if you exercise any of the above rights. Moreover, we may not be able to honor a right if doing so would violate applicable law. In some places (e.g., Colorado and Virginia) you may have the right to appeal decisions you feel are incorrect to your state’s attorney general. mParticle may transfer data to third parties pursuant to operating our Sites and as such are considered to have sold data over the past twelve months pursuant to the CCPA. You may view the entities collected data via the site and any choices provided by viewing our cookie policy for
mParticle
,
Vidora
and
Indicative
. We do not sell data via the Platform and do not share data via the Platform except as directed to by the applicable Customer.
Under the CCPA and other U.S. State privacy laws, your request to see the personal information that we have about you may include: (1) specific pieces of personal information that we may have about you; (2) categories of personal information we have collected about you; (3) categories of sources from which the personal information is collected; (4) categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose about you; (5) categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose; and (6) the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.
As required by the CCPA and certain other U.S. State privacy laws, you may make an access or deletion request via an authorized agent by having such agent follow the process below. Please note that we will request any authorized agent demonstrate that they have been authorized by you to make a request on your behalf, and we will attempt to verify your request. We require any authorized agents to provide us with contact details such as an email address and phone number so that we may ensure a timely response to the consumer.
Individuals who have provided information directly to one of mParticle’s Customers must send follow-up requests to access or delete such information to that particular mParticle Customer.
If you have any questions, or to make an access, deletion or similar privacy request outlined above, please contact mParticle at
privacy@mparticle.com
, via the toll-free CCPA number at
(888) 441-2022
or via the postal addresses at the bottom of this Policy.
EU, UK, Brazil and Swiss Individuals
mParticle acknowledges that EU, UK, Swiss and Brazil individuals have certain legal rights including the right to complain to a local supervisory authority (e.g., the ICO in the UK) and the right to access the personal data that we maintain about them. An EU, UK, Swiss or Brazil individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, should direct their query to
privacy@mparticle.com
. If requested to remove data, we will respond within the legally mandated time. In the EEA, mP responds within 30 days. Please note that mParticle is a processor of the data contained on the Platform. If you seek to exercise data subject access rights for data processed via the Platform, we ask that you reach out to the applicable Customer.
Under these circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data, as follows:
a) Request access to your personal data
You have a right to request a copy of the personal data that we hold about you. Please use the contact details at the end of this Policy if you would like to exercise this right, or any of the rights listed below. If you are a European resident and consider our use of your personal data to be unlawful, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority.
b) Request correction of your personal data
You have the right to request that we correct the personal data we hold about you, although we may need to verify the accuracy of the new information you provide to us as well as possibly your identity, depending upon your request.
c) Request erasure of your personal data
You have the right to request that we delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. Please note that we may not always be able to comply with your request for erasure if there are specific legal reasons, which will be notified to you at the time of your request.
d) Object to processing of your personal data
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation that makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes, when we are disclosing your personal data to a third party, or where the personal data is used for purposes that are materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information that override your rights and freedoms, or we are unable to unilaterally address your concerns where we are acting on the written instructions of our Customer, who is the Controller of your personal data.
e) Request restriction of processing your personal data
You have the right to request that we suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
f) Request transfer of your personal data
You have the right to request that the personal data we hold about you is transferred to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
g) Right to withdraw consent
In circumstances where we are relying on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
h) Rights related to automated decision making
You have the right to learn more about and request to not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing where it has a legal or similarly serious effect.
Please also note the following:
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, under EU law, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless a shorter time period is required by applicable law. Occasionally, it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Access to your personal data
If you are a Customer, you can contact your customer success manager within mParticle to view the PII we have stored, such as your name, email, address or phone number. You can also contact us by email with a request to view this information.
If you are a job applicant, Vendor or Partner of mParticle and have provided this kind of information, you can also contact us via e-mail with a request to view the information we have in our systems.
Your information choices and changes
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from mParticle by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your mParticle projects or our ongoing business relationship. An individual wishing to limit the use or sharing of their data should contact email
privacy@mparticle.com
.
Individuals who have provided information directly to one of our Customers must send follow-up requests to change or delete such information to that particular Customer.
+ Expand
CCPA Requests received by mParticle
To Know
To Delete
Opt Out
Average Time to Respond
2020
1
0
0
7 days
2021
0
0
0
0 days
2022
0
0
0
0 days
2023
0
0
0
0 days
Notification of changes to our privacy policy
mParticle may change this Policy from time to time. If we make any changes to this Policy, we will change the “Last Updated” date above. All historical versions of the Privacy can be found at the end of this page.
You agree that your continued use of our Sites and/or Platform after such changes to our privacy practice have been published will constitute your acceptance of such revised Policy.
Please visit this section of our website periodically in order to keep up to date with changes in this Policy.
+ Expand
Contact details and further information
Please get in touch with us if you have any questions about any aspect of this Policy, and in particular if you would like to object to any processing of your personal data that we carry out for our legitimate organizational interests.
Please also contact us if you have any questions about the information we hold about you, or to change your contact preferences with us at the following email address:
privacy@mparticle.com
.
If you wish to escalate your privacy inquiry to our Data Protection Officer, Lucid Privacy Group, please contact
dpo@mparticle.com
.
Contacting mParticle and dispute resolution
In compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, you have the right to object to the disclosure of your personal data to unaffiliated third parties (i.e. organizations not acting as our
vendors and agents
) or to otherwise be used for purposes that are materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you.
You may exercise this right or other
legal rights
, or submit a complaint about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal data. mParticle commits to resolve valid requests and complaints in a timely manner. about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal data. European Union, UK or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this Policy should first contact mParticle at:
Email:
privacy@mparticle.com
Postal mail: mParticle Inc., 99 Wall Street, Suite 630, New York, NY 10005, USA
For complaints that cannot be resolved between mParticle and the individual concerned, mParticle has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to the BBB Data Privacy Framework Program, a non-profit alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States and operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you are an EU, UK or Swiss individual and you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers/ProcessForConsumers
for more information and to file a complaint.
If your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, and your inquiry or complaint involves human resource data, you may have your complaint considered by an independent recourse mechanism: for EU/EEA Data Subjects, a panel established by the EU data protection authorities (“DPA Panel”). To do so, you should contact the state or national data protection or labor authority in the jurisdiction where you work. mParticle agrees to cooperate with the relevant national DPAs and to comply with the decisions of the DPA Panel.
Should your complaint remain fully or partially unresolved after a review by mParticle, BBB Data Privacy Framework Program and the relevant DPA, you may be able to, under certain conditions, seek binding arbitration before the Data Privacy Framework Panel. For more information, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/european-individuals
.  mParticle is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Privacy inquiries
If you have any questions or concerns about this policy, please contact us:
privacy@mparticle.com
mParticle, Inc
99 Wall Street, Suite 630
New York, NY 10005, USA
EU Data Subjects
EU Data Subjects may contact the mParticle Representative in the EU,
ePrivacy
UK Data Subjects
UK Data Subjects may contact the mParticle Representative in the UK
mParticle Limited
45 Broadwick Street,
Carnaby
London, W1F 9QW
United Kingdom
UKRepresentative@mparticle.com
+ Expand
Purpose of this privacy policy
Who we are
Information we may collect about you
How we collect your data
How we may use your information
Data collection and use for the Platforms
Disclosure of your details to third parties
Security of your information
Data retention
Your legal rights
CCPA Requests received by mParticle
Notification of changes to our privacy policy
Contact details and further information
See what’s possible with us.
Contact us
Let’s talk about how mParticle can get your business ready to scale. Fast.
Contact us
Let’s talk about how mParticle can get your business ready to scale. Fast.
Explore the demo
Try it yourself. See the difference one platform can make.
Get a demo
See how mParticle can help you do more with your customer data.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;