SpeakingPal Privacy Policy
SpeakingPal takes your privacy very seriously and we work hard to earn and keep your trust. This Privacy Policy applies to data collected by us through our services.
WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS
This Privacy Policy covers all aspects of handling personal information that SpeakingPal receives through our SpeakingPal mobile applications. In addition, we provide references to privacy policies of the 3rd party services that may have access to any personal information.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
Cookies
SpeakingPal does not utilize cookies.
Speech Samples
SpeakingPal may collect recorded speech samples of users to improve our services and technology. The actual recordings are never passed along to any third party and are kept in our databases for internal research and development purposes only.
Anonymous Bluetooth Data
SpeakingPal may collect identifiers of nearby Bluetooth beacons in order to infer store visitation. This anonymous data may be shared with third parties for the purpose of advertising, analytics, or market research.
User progress
Progress scores may be collected and stored in SpeakingPal's servers in order to update users with progress reports.
Application Activity Information
Subject to user’s permission, SpeakingPal Products may send Application Activity Information for the analysis of software bugs as a part of user feedback and crash notification reports.
THIRD PARTY SITES
SpeakingPal products may provide links to third-party Web sites as a service to our users. When you click on links of third parties on the product page, you may leave this page. Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with our name/logo or our affiliated entity's name/logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by SpeakingPal.
The site may also carry advertisements from other companies. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of websites operated by third parties. You are solely responsible for reading and accepting third party privacy and related policies.
INFORMATION USE
We collect and use any collected information in order to operate and improve our services. Such improvements may include:
Providing you with more effective service
Making our services easier to use
Performing research and analysis aimed at improving our products, services and technologies
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
SpeakingPal may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If you continue to use our service after notices of changes have been published on our website, you hereby provide your consent to such changes.
QUESTIONS
If you have questions or comments about this privacy policy, please email us at
support@speakingpal.com
.
APPJOLT PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for downloading our application using the Appjolt network. In order to enhance your mobile experience, you may receive survey questionnaires  and advertisements when uninstalling our application on your device. By accepting, you agree to the Appjolt terms
www.appjolt.com/privacypolicy
Sub-section Policy: 