Clough Group LLC (“Joseph Clough,” “We,” “Us,” “Our”) provides various coaching services, products, and goods through this Website (the “Service”, "program", "material", "membership"). This Service is offered subject to Your acceptance of these Terms as well as any relevant sections of the Clough Group LLC (including josephclough.info, josephclough.com, mobile apps),  and its Terms and Conditions and  Privacy Policy.
BY VISITING THIS PAGE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU:
a) HAVE READ THESE TERMS,
b) UNDERSTAND THESE TERMS, AND
c) ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEM.
Mobile App Terms & Conditions
The information with this website or apps or work online, emails, techniques and exercises provided within these free and paid products are for
educational purposes only.
Do not use the techniques or exercises contained within some of these products whilst driving or operating machinery, or if you suffer from epilepsy, clinical depression or any other nervous or psychiatric conditions.
The information provided is
NOT
a substitute for proper medical advice. If in doubt, please consult your doctor or licensed medical practitioner before using any of Joseph Clough's free or paid material.
Any decision you make having received any of Joseph Clough's products or services are your own and you remain wholly responsible for any decisions and actions you take.
Health Policy
You are only allowed to attend/use our sessions, programs (on or offline), podcast, in-apps, training courses/workshops or retreats unless you are of good enough health to get to and from the location without support and look after yourself during your time with us (on or offline).
No claims are being made that our methods can heal physical conditions. Our programs (on or offline) podcast, in-apps, courses, sessions, retreats or products should not substitute for the advice and treatment of a physician, doctor or other licensed health-care professional.
By using Joseph Clough's free or paid work or apps you expressly agree that your use it at your sole risk and will not hold Joseph Clough or Clough Group LLC responsible for any results or experiences.
Privacy Policy:
Your use of the Website is also subject to the Company’s Privacy Policy. Please review our
Privacy Policy
, which also governs the Website/Apps and informs users of our data collection practices. Your agreement to the Privacy Policy is hereby incorporated into these Terms of Use.
Joseph Clough's websites, apps and programs takes your privacy seriously. We do not share any information with anyone else and if you sign up to our newsletter you will only receive emails from us and no one else.
Use of Cookies and Pixels (Website Only)
Similar to other commercial websites, our website utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” and server logs to collect information about how our site is used. Information gathered through cookies and server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our site, and the websites visited just before and just after our own, as well as your IP address.
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a website, that site’s computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
The Company reserves the right to use technological equivalents of cookies, including social media pixels. These pixels allow social media sites to track visitors to outside websites so as to tailor advertising messages users see while visiting that social media website. The Company reserves the right to use these pixels in compliance with the policies of the various social media sites.
Things You May Not Do
The App, Course Materials, Audios, Videos and Documentation are protected by United States copyright laws and international treaties. You must treat the Materials and Documentation like any other copyrighted material-for example, a book. You may NOT:
You may NOT copy the Materials or Documentation.
You may NOT modify or adapt the Materials or Documentation or merge it into another program.
You may NOT place the Course Materials or Documentation onto a server so that it is accessible via a public network such as the Internet, or Sublicense, rent, lease or lend any portion of the Course or Documentation.
Transfers
Apple and Android do not share your purchases, so transferring between different platforms is not possible.
You may NOT transfer your rights to use the Course Materials and Documentation to another person.
No Guarantees As To Results
As set forth more fully in the these terms and conditions, you agree that the Company has not made any guarantees about the results of taking any action, whether recommended on this Website or not. The Company provides educational and informational resources that are intended to help users of this Website succeed. You nevertheless recognize that your ultimate success or failure will be the result of your own efforts, your particular situation, and innumerable other circumstances beyond the control and/or knowledge of the Company.
You also recognize that prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome. Thus, the results obtained by others – whether clients of the Company or otherwise – applying the principles set out in this Website/App are no guarantee that you or any other person or entity will be able to obtain similar results.
No Refunds
Unless otherwise stated in writing with respect to particular Services offered for sale via this Website, Clough Group/Joseph Clough abides by a strict, no refund policy. By accepting these Terms, You agree and understand that you are foregoing the right to claim any refund of fees paid for access and use of the Services offered via this Website. If products are purchased via other platforms i.e Apple, you must contact them directly for a refund as other platforms sell on our behalf.
Mobile App Subscriptions:
We are unable to cancel any subscriptions on your behalf, as only YOU can do so, as we do not have access to your account information.
Renewals Of Subscriptions Via Our Own Platforms:
We endeavor to contact you via email that renewal is approaching on annual subscriptions (however not guaranteed, so note your enrollment date and set up a reminder) and the program we automatically renewal 365 days later for the same annual fee (you will NOT be charged any increased prices for memberships), unless we are notified by email, that you wish to cancel.
Terms of Subscription Renewal
Mind Mastery Membership Subscriptions automatically renew each month, quarter, bi-annual or yearly at the stated retail price upon signing up and until the subscription buyer notifies the company that they wish to cancel.  Refer to Refund Policy And Subscription Cancellations section above.
Termination Of Membership
Joseph Clough and Clough Group LLC is committed to providing all clients with a positive program experience and is also very protective of any of. It is a special program and he holds the right to terminate any program at his discretion. By purchasing any program, Client and Customers agrees that the Joseph may, at his sole discretion, terminate any program, and limit, suspend, or terminate Client’s participation in the Program without refund or forgiveness of monthly payments if Client becomes disruptive to Company or Participants, Client fails to follow the Program guidelines, is difficult to work with, impairs the participation of the other participants in the Program, upon violation of the terms as determined by Company or where Joseph feels as a member you are not a good fit for any program. Client will still be liable to pay the total contract amount. Once canceled the user will no longer have access to Mind Mastery, any training platform or its content.
On all Joseph Clough/Program forums or groups you must keep topics on track to self-improvement and development only. No drama, no excuses.
Accounts
As part of the registration or account creation process (via our own platforms), You will create or receive personally identifying login credentials. Certain personally identifying information, such as email address, phone number, billing address and even payment information (as may be applicable to particular Services which may be offered for sale via this Website), may also be required. Such registration information must be accurate and current.
The benefits, rights, and obligations afforded under these Terms are personal to You. You agree not to assign, sublicense, transfer, pledge, sell, lease, rent, lend, or otherwise dispose of the Services and materials (including, but not limited to, audio and/or visual presentations, documentation, software, printed or digital materials, and other elements characterizing Our Services, also known as the “Content”) on this Website, or any part of such Content, or share your rights under these Terms to and with others.
You agree that You will not provide false information to Us in generating Your account. Specifically, You agree that you will not
(i)
select or use the login credentials of another person or company with the intent to impersonate that person or company; or
(ii)
use login credentials in which another person or company has rights without such person’s or company’s authorization.
Failure to comply with the foregoing shall constitute a breach of these Terms, which may result in immediate suspense or termination of your account.
Only authorized users, who have duly attained access to the Content by personally agreeing to these Terms are permitted participation in and use of the Services, Content, and related materials. Except as expressly authorized by these Terms. You shall not provide or make available any Content, or any license key to any third party, or use the Content, or any license key, to teach any third party any portion of the Services or for any purpose other than exercising rights expressly granted to you by these Terms.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your login credentials. We reserve the right to terminate or suspend Your access to the Services if You share Your credentials or transfer such credentials to another party.
You are responsible for all usage or activity on your account on this Website and related Social Media, including use of the account by any third party authorized by you to use your login credentials.
Earnings Disclaimer
Every effort has been made to accurately represent this product/service and it’s potential. In terms of earnings, there is no guarantee that you will earn any money using the techniques and ideas in this material or on this website. Information presented on this website is not to be interpreted as a promise or guarantee of earnings. Earning potential is entirely dependent on the person using our product, ideas and techniques.
Any claims made of actual earnings or examples of actual results can be verified upon request. Your level of success in attaining the results claimed in our materials depends on the time you devote to the program, ideas and techniques mentioned, your finances, knowledge and various skills. Since these factors differ according to individuals, we cannot guarantee your success or income level.
Any and all forward looking statements here or on any of our sales material are intended to express our opinion of earnings potential. Many factors will be important in determining your actual results and no guarantees are made that you will achieve results similar to ours or anyone else's. No guarantees are made that you will achieve any results from our ideas and techniques in our material.
VISITORS’ GDPR RIGHTS
If you are within the European Union, you are entitled to certain information and have certain rights under the General Data Protection Regulation. Those rights include:
We will retain the any information you choose to provide to us until the earlier of: (a) you asking us to delete the information, (b) our decision to cease using our existing data providers, or (c) the Company decides that the value in retaining the data is outweighed by the costs of retaining it.
You have the right to request access to your data that the Company stores and the rights to either rectify or erase your personal data.
You have the right to seek restrictions on the processing of your data.
You have the right to object to the processing of your data and the right to the portability of your data.
To the extent that you provided consent to the Company’s processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based upon consent that occurred prior to your withdrawal of consent.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority that has jurisdiction over issues related to the General Data Protection Regulation.
We require only the information that is reasonably required to enter into a contract with you. We will not require you to provide consent for any unnecessary processing as a condition of entering into a contract with us.
CONTACT US
Clough Group LLC welcomes your questions or comments regarding the Terms And Conditions:
Clough Group LC
3451 Via Montebello, Suite 192 -
418
Carlsbad CA 92009
Email Address: support@josephclough.com
Effective as of Dec 8, 2020
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.josephclough.info/app-privacy-policy:
Mobile App Privacy Policy
CLOUGH GROUP LLC (
“Company”, “we”, or “us”
) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy governs your access to and use of Josephclough.com/Josephclough.info (or other websites under Clough Group LLC), including any content, functionality and services offered on or through Josephclough.com/Josephclough.info (or other websites under Clough Group LLC) (the “Website”), whether as a guest or a registered user.
When accessing the Website, the Company will learn certain information about you, both automatically and through voluntary actions you may take, during your visit. This policy applies to information we collect on the Website and in email, text, or other electronic messages between you and the Website.
Please read the Privacy Policy carefully before you start to use the Website. By using the Website or by clicking to accept or agree to the Terms of Use when this option is made available to you, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by the Privacy Policy. If you do not want to agree to the Privacy Policy, you must not access or use the Website.
PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF 18
Our Website is not intended for persons under 18 years of age. No one under age 18 may provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from persons under 18. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use.
If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a persons under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a persons under 18, please contact us at support@josephclough.com.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We do NOT collect any information on mobile apps.
When you access the Website, the Company will learn certain information about you during your visit.
Information You Provide To Us. The Website provides various places for users to provide information. We collect information that users provide by filling out forms on the Website, communicating with us via contact forms, responding to surveys, search queries on our search feature, providing comments or other feedback, and providing information when ordering a product or service via the Website.
We use information you provide to us to deliver the requested product and/or service, to improve our overall performance, and to provide you with offers, promotions, and information.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technology. As you navigate through our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies including Google Analytics to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. This will generally include information about your location, your traffic pattern through our website, and any communications between your computer and our Website. Among other things, we will collect data about the type of computer you use, your Internet connection, your IP address, your operating system, and your browser type.
The information we collect automatically is used for statistical data and will not include personal information. We use this data to improve our Website and our service offerings. To the extent that you voluntarily provide personal information to us, our systems will associate the automatically collected information with your personal information.
USE OF COOKIES AND PIXELS
We do NOT use cookies or pixels on the apps.
Similar to other commercial websites, our website utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” and server logs to collect information about how our site is used. Information gathered through cookies and server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our site, and the websites visited just before and just after our own, as well as your IP address.
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a website, that site’s computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
The Company reserves the right to use technological equivalents of cookies, including social media pixels. These pixels allow social media sites to track visitors to outside websites so as to tailor advertising messages users see while visiting that social media website. The Company reserves the right to use these pixels in compliance with the policies of the various social media sites.​
THIRD PARTY USE OF COOKIES
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
EMAIL INFORMATION
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received online, mail, and telephone. This also applies when you register for our website, sign up through any of our forms using your email address or make a purchase on this site. For further information see the email policies below.
EMAIL POLICIES
We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not sell, rent, or lease our subscription lists to third parties, and will not disclose your email address to any third parties except as allowed in the section titled Disclosure of Your Information.
We will maintain the information you send via e-mail in accordance with applicable federal law.
In compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act, all e-mails sent from our organization will clearly state who the e-mail is from and provide clear information on how to contact the sender. In addition, all e-mail messages will also contain concise information on how to remove yourself from our mailing list so that you receive no further e-mail communication from us.
Our emails provide users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners by reading the unsubscribe instructions located at the bottom of any e-mail they receive from us at anytime.
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the e-mail.
HOW AND WHY WE COLLECT INFORMATION
We do NOT collect any information about you via Apps.
Websites:
The Company collects your information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select. If you register to download a book or resources, sign up for our newsletter, and/or purchase a product from us, we collect your information. We use this information to track your preferences and to keep you informed about the products and services you have selected to receive and any related products and/or services. As a visitor to this Website, you can engage in most activities without providing any personal information. It is only when you seek to download resources and/or register for services that you are required to provide information.
If you are outside the European Union and opt to receive any free resources, participate in any free training programs, register for a webinar, register for a live event, register for a seminar, or purchase any products sold by the Company on this Website, we will automatically enroll ​you to receive our free email newsletter. If you do not wish to receive this newsletter, you can unsubscribe anytime. We include an “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of every email we send. If you ever have trouble unsubscribing, you can send an email to support@josephclough.com requesting to unsubscribe from future emails.
If you are in the European Union and opt to receive any free resources, participate in any free training programs, register for a webinar, register for a live event, register for a seminar, or purchase any products sold by the Company on this Website, we will only enroll ​you to receive our free email newsletter if you affirmatively consent to it. If you do not wish to receive this newsletter, you can unsubscribe anytime. We include an “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of every email we send. If you ever have trouble unsubscribing, you can send an email to support@josephclough.com requesting to unsubscribe from future emails.
HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE TO US?
We do NOT collect any information about you via Apps.
Websites:
We use personal information for purposes of presenting our Website and its contents to you, providing you with information, providing you with offers for products and services, providing you with information about your subscriptions and products, carrying out any contract between you and the Company, administering our business activities, providing customer service, and making available other items and services to our customers and prospective customers.
From time-to-time, we may use the information you provide to us to make you offers to purchase products and services provided by third parties in exchange for a commission to be paid to us by such third parties. Should you opt to take part in such promotions, the third parties will receive your information.
From time-to-time, we may use the information you provide to us to display advertisements to you that are tailored to your personal characteristics, interests, and activities.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
As a general rule, we do not sell, rent, lease or otherwise transfer any information collected whether automatically or through your voluntary action.
We may disclose your personal information to our subsidiaries, affiliates, and service providers for the purpose of providing our services to you.
We may disclose your personal information to a third party, including a lawyer or collection agency, when necessary to enforce our terms of service or any other agreement between you and the Company.
We may provide your information to any successor in interest in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company’s asserts and/or business.
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights or when compelled by a court or other governmental entity to do so.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION AND SECURE INFORMATION TRANSMISSIONS?
We do NOT collect any information about you via Apps.
Website:
We employ commercially reasonable methods to ensure the security of the information you provide to us and the information we collect automatically. This includes using standard security protocols and working only with reputable third-party vendors.  Email is not recognized as a secure medium of communication. For this reason, we request that you do not send private information to us by email. However, doing so is allowed, but at your own risk. Some of the information you may enter on our website may be transmitted securely via a secure medium known as Secure Sockets Layer, or SSL. Credit Card information and other sensitive information is never transmitted via email.
The Company may use software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, the Company uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
POLICY CHANGES
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you by email to the email address specified in your account and/or through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the bottom of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
VISITORS’ GDPR RIGHTS
If you are within the European Union, you are entitled to certain information and have certain rights under the General Data Protection Regulation. Those rights include:
We will retain the any information you choose to provide to us until the earlier of: (a) you asking us to delete the information, (b) our decision to cease using our existing data providers, or (c) the Company decides that the value in retaining the data is outweighed by the costs of retaining it.
You have the right to request access to your data that the Company stores and the rights to either rectify or erase your personal data.
You have the right to seek restrictions on the processing of your data.
You have the right to object to the processing of your data and the right to the portability of your data.
To the extent that you provided consent to the Company’s processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based upon consent that occurred prior to your withdrawal of consent.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority that has jurisdiction over issues related to the General Data Protection Regulation.
We require only the information that is reasonably required to enter into a contract with you. We will not require you to provide consent for any unnecessary processing as a condition of entering into a contract with us.
CONTACT US
Clough Group LLC welcomes your questions or comments regarding the Privacy Policy:
Clough Group LLC
3451 Via Montebello, Suite 192 -
418
Carlsbad C
A
92009
Email Address: support@josephclough.com
Effective as of December 8th, 2020
Join Our Free Trial
Get started today before this once in a lifetime opportunity expires.