Legal information
You are currently connected to the site “
https://epargnants.interepargne.natixis.fr
” which is the exclusive property of Natixis Interépargne.
NATIXIS INTERÉPARGNE reserves the right to change or update the legal disclaimer at any time. Therefore, we suggest you check it regularly.
Information about the publisher
› Company Name:
NATIXIS INTERÉPARGNE
– Société anonyme with a Board of Directors with capital of €8,890,784, registered in the Paris Trade and Company Register under number B 692 012 669.
Corporate offices
: 59 avenue Pierre Mendès-France, 75013 Paris, France.
Tel.:
+33 1 58 19 43 00
Nomenclature of French Activities:
6419Z
Intracommunity VAT number:
FR78692012669
Natixis Interépargne is an investment company governed by the French Monetary and Financial Code and accredited by the ACPR (
Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution
— French prudential supervision and resolution authority). The head office of the ACPR is at 4 place de Budapest, 75009 PARIS Cedex 9, France.
Natixis Interépargne is an insurance intermediary listed in the ORIAS (
Organisme pour le registre des intermédiaires en assurance, banque et finance
— French banking, insurance and financial register) under No. 10 058 367.
Natixis Interépargne is a member of the AFG (Association Française de la Gestion Financière).
E-mail address:
webmaster@interepargne.natixis.fr
Director of publications: Damien CLÉRIS
Editorial manager: Patrick BÉHANZIN
Owner of the company: NATIXIS INTERÉPARGNE is wholly owned by NATIXIS INVESTMENT MANAGERS.
Site host:
ALBIANT-IT
110, avenue de France,
75013 PARIS
Tél. 01.87.25.40.00
Reservation of the domain name:
https://epargnants.interepargne.natixis.fr/
is a domain registered by NATIXIS INTERÉPARGNE on 20/10/2006 with OLEANE (FRANCE TELECOM).
Regulations on personal data
Users of this site are required to comply with the provisions of the regulations on personal data. They must refrain from collecting, recording, altering or using any of the information they access and, more generally, from any action that may harm the private life or reputation of any persons.
Personal data
The services available on this site require you to enter your personal data. Each time you provide your personal data, Natixis Interépargne treats it in accordance with the policy provided below and with the legal requirements for the processing of personal data.
Personal data is saved in a secure environment that cannot be accessed publicly. It is collected for the purposes of managing online services, implementing the services offered on the site and, where applicable, to provide you with information that you want or that you need as part of this framework. It will be used only by Natixis Interépargne and the service provider for Natixis Interépargne’s direct marketing campaigns aimed at corporate customers and employees, located in the United States. This recipient will only receive the following information: civil status, identity, ID data, and economic and financial information. The following guarantees were taken to ensure a sufficient level of protection for personal data: standard contractual clauses drafted by the European Commission.
Unless otherwise requested by the owner of the data concerned for legitimate reasons, Natixis Interépargne is expressly authorised to communicate the data to its other service providers for the same purposes. Data is only stored for as long as is required to provide the service concerned or to use the function concerned.
The user who provides their personal data expressly authorises Natixis Interépargne to process their data for the aforementioned purposes. In accordance with the regulations on personal data that are in force, the owner of the personal data concerned has an individual right of access, rectification, objection, limitation and deletion on legitimate grounds, and to communicate instructions on your fate in the event of death and portability in the conditions laid down by the applicable regulations, on request from Natixis Interépargne at the following address:59, avenue Pierre Mendès-France, 75013 Paris, France or
relais-cnil-interepargne@natixis.com.
The user may also file a complaint with the competent authority.
To exercise this right, a letter should be sent to the Natixis Interépargne Head Office, for the attention of the Communications Division.
>>
Download the information notice
Cookies
When you browse the
https://epargnants.interepargne.natixis.fr
website, one or more Cookies may be installed on your computer, cellphone or tablet. This paragraph will make you understand better how cookies work and how to set your web browsers to manage them correctly.
Click here to customize your preferences.
1 – Definitions
What is a cookie?
A “cookie” is a small text file that is saved to your computer’s hard drive when you visit a website or view an ad. It is managed by your web browser. Its main purpose is to collect information about your browsing on websites, and to send you customized services. It cannot be used to retrieve data from your computer, install a virus, or obtain your personal data.
There are different possible sources of cookies
Cookies from
https://epargnants.interepargne.natixis.fr
(first-party cookies)
: These are cookies placed by
https://epargnants.interepargne.natixis.fr
on your terminal to meet the browsing and optimization needs of our website
https://epargnants.interepargne.natixis.fr
.
Third-party cookies
: These are cookies left by third-party companies, such as service providers or partners. For example:
A web page may contain components stored on servers of other domains (images or integrated content: YouTube videos, Flickr slide shows, etc.). These sites may leave their own cookies when these external components are retrieved during browsing.
A website may use the services of a third-party company to analyze its audience. This company then defines its own cookie to carry out this service.
A website may also use a third-party advertising network for advertising. The
https://epargnants.interepargne.natixis.fr
website does not use any advertising service.
2 – Different types of cookies used on the website
https://epargnants.interepargne.natixis.fr
The
https://epargnants.interepargne.natixis.fr
website uses different types of cookies with well-defined objectives. The cookies sent from the
https://epargnants.interepargne.natixis.fr
website are not meant to identify the users who are logged on.
https://epargnants.interepargne.natixis.fr
undertakes to use the information obtained from these cookies only for the operation of the website or for statistical purposes, in particular to assess the
https://epargnants.interepargne.natixis.fr
website traffic to improve your browsing experience. Under no circumstances are the “cookies” intended to use personal registered information concerning the persons logged on to the
https://epargnants.interepargne.natixis.fr
web site.
Cookies that are strictly necessary or that facilitate online communication
: These are Cookies which enable the
https://epargnants.interepargne.natixis.fr
website to function properly, which are installed by
https://epargnants.interepargne.natixis.fr
. They will allow you to use the main functionalities of the
https://epargnants.interepargne.natixis.fr
website (for example session cookies or language management cookies). They record information relating to browsing on the
https://epargnants.interepargne.natixis.fr
website carried out on the computer where the cookie is stored. They are kept for less than one month.
“Essential cookies” for the
https://epargnants.interepargne.natixis.fr
website :
These are cookies that make the
https://epargnants.interepargne.natixis.fr
website function correctly. They will allow you to use the main functionalities of the website (for instance, session cookies or language management cookies). They will allow you to use the main functionalities of the
https://epargnants.interepargne.natixis.fr
website (for instance, session cookies or language management cookies). They record information relating to browsing on the
https://epargnants.interepargne.natixis.fr
website carried out on the computer where the cookie is stored.
NAME OF COOKIE
FUNCTION
JSESSIONID
Session ID
memberld
Browsing
acceptCookie
Cookie management
utag_main Tealium
Browsing (duration of 13 months)
ConsentMGR
Obtaining consent (duration of 6 months)
Audience measurement cookies:
These are used for statistics purposes. In particular, we measure the number of page views, the number of visits, as well as the activity of visitors to the website and their return frequency thanks to Adobe Analytics solutions.
PROVIDER: Adobe Analytics
NAME OF COOKIE
DURATION
s_cc
Session
s_sq
Session
s_vi
24 months
Website personalization cookies:
These cookies allow you to personalize the design of our website, as well as the website content and format. These cookies allow you to identify information on the website that might interest you and thus offer you tailored services.
These cookies are intended to personalize your experience on our Website and our proposals through Kameleoon’s solutions.
PROVIDER: Kameleoon
NAME OF COOKIE
DURATION
kameleoonVariation${variationld}
1 day
kameleoonRedirect-${experimentld}
1 day
KameleoonOptout
45 days
kameleoonTraffic
30 days
kameleoonLocalDataConsent
380 days
kameleoonSimulationMode
1 hour
kameleoonSimulationModeShortURL
1 hour
kameleoonPersonalizations
380 days
kameleoonPersonalizationTargeted-${personalizationld}
380 days
kameleoonExperiment-${experimentld}
30 days
kameleoonData
380 days
Video personalization cookies
: These cookies allow third parties such as YouTube to offer you tailored services and content based on your browsing history. We would advise that you read the relevant websites’ cookie management policies.
Customer satisfaction cookies:
These cookies allow us to invite you to answer questionnaires so we can evaluate your satisfaction.
PROVIDER: MyFeelBack
NAME OF COOKIE
DURATION
mfbv
30 minutes
mfbd
13 months
mfbs
Session
3 – Managing cookies
After you have read our cookie policy and agreed to the terms, you can however block or delete these cookies by following the instructions provided in the explanations below.
Control and delete: If you want to change the way cookies are used on a browser or if you decide at any time to disable cookies, you can change your browser settings.
Most browsers allow you to accept or refuse all cookies, accept only certain types of cookies or ask you the question each time a website wants to save a cookie. They also allow you to delete cookies that have been saved to your computer.
To manage cookies as you want, you can change your browser settings depending on its configuration in order to control or prevent the saving of cookies:
For Internet Explorer™:
Tools Menu > Internet Options > Privacy
See
http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies
For Safari™:
Safari Menu > Preferences > Privacy
See
http://support.apple.com/kb/PH17191?viewlocale=en_EN
For Chrome™:
Chrome Menu (tools) > Settings > Show advanced settings > Privacy > Contents settings > Cookies
See
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/114662
For Firefox™:
Tools Menu > Options > Privacy > History > Cookies
See
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies
For Opera™:
Preferences > Advanced > Cookies
See
http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/en/cookies.html
More information about cookies:
http://www.cnil.fr/vos-droits/vos-traces/les-cookies/
Intellectual property – Copyright
This website is protected in France by the Code de la Propriété Intellectuelle (Intellectual Property Code) and outside France by international copyright conventions. Reproduction of all or part of this site, by any means, is not permitted without the formal authorization of the Director of publications. Any breach of copyright is an infringement of intellectual property rights subject to the penalties set forth in article L. 335-2 of the Code de la Propriété Intellectuelle.
All names, trademarks and logos on this site are the property of their respective owners. Any reproduction of all or part of the trademarks and/or logos displayed by NATIXIS INTERÉPARGNE is not permitted without the latter’s prior express authorization, in accordance with articles L713-2 and L 713-3 of the Code de la Propriété Intellectuelle. This is also true for the databases provided on the site, the contents of which are protected primarily by the provisions of the Law of July 1, 1998 regarding the legal protection of databases.
HYPERTEXT LINKS AND VIRUSES
NATIXIS INTERÉPARGNE shall not be liable for any hypertext links that may be placed on this site to other sites on the Internet.
In addition, users and visitors to the site
https://epargnants.interepargne.natixis.fr/
may not place a hyperlink to this site without the prior express authorization of NATIXIS INTERÉPARGNE.
Generally, it is the user’s responsibility to take the necessary steps to ensure that the selected site is not infected by any virus or any other destructive bug. Under no circumstances can NATIXIS INTERÉPARGNE be held responsible for direct or indirect messages stemming from the use of its website or other related sites.
Disclaimer
No information appearing on this site may be considered to be an offer of services or products from NATIXIS INTERÉPARGNE, nor an offer, recommendation or solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell securities or any other investment product. The information appearing on this site is provided for information purposes only, and constitutes a presentation of products, services, research and analysis designed and created by NATIXIS INTERÉPARGNE from sources which it deems reliable. It is the responsibility of users to check the information provided and to use it appropriately.
Attention: the value of a SICAV share or investment fund unit is subject to changes in financial markets and may experience fluctuations. Past performance is given solely for information and does not determine future performance. The UCITS cited on this website have been approved by the AMF (the French Financial Markets Authority) and have received authorization to be marketed in France and possibly in other countries where authorized by law.
NATIXIS INTERÉPARGNE shall not be held liable for the use made of all or part of the information provided on this site.
Access to the products and services described on this site may be restricted for certain persons or in certain countries. The user is asked to make sure that he/she is legally authorized to connect to this site in the country from which the connection is made.
NATIXIS INTERÉPARGNE makes every effort to ensure the accuracy and updates of the information distributed on its site, and reserves the right to correct the content at any time without notice. It cannot, however, guarantee the exhaustive nature of said information or the absence of changes made by a third party (viruses, hacking). Moreover, it shall not be responsible for any errors or omissions in this information.
This site is provided to you on the basis of a “state of the art” service and is accessible according to its availability, NATIXIS INTERÉPARGNE is in no way responsible for any transmission difficulty or any network disturbance.
NATIXIS INTERÉPARGNE provides no express or implicit guarantee, including but not limited to, the fact that this site will meet your expectations now or in the future, nor any guarantee that it will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free, or that the results obtained using this site are correct and reliable now or in the future.
NATIXIS INTERÉPARGNE does not guarantee the quality and/or legality of the content it has not created, and shall not be liable for any disputes, challenges, or actions by third parties claiming, in particular but not limited to, private rights to said content and/or its use.
Websites or other Internet sources to which the “hypertext link’ of this website refer are each under the responsibility of the companies that own them.
NATIXIS INTERÉPARGNE can therefore not be held liable for the content, accuracy, timeliness, quality, exhaustiveness, relevance, illegality, publicity, products, services or any other material available on or from these external websites or sources.