Dublin concerts
Dublin concerts
Dublin concerts
Pitbull
3Arena
Neil Young
Malahide Castle
Disturbed
3Arena
Don Toliver
3Arena
Counting Crows
3Arena
DIIV
Vicar Street
Five
3Arena
Melvins
Vicar Street
Coheed and Cambria
National Stadium
John Grant
National Stadium
See all Dublin concerts
(
Change location
)
Today ·
Next 7 days ·
Next 30 days
Artists
Popular artists in Dublin
Trending artists worldwide
Mario
Kid Rock
Asking Alexandria
Colbie Caillat
Ludacris
Scythermane
Cameron Winter
Heartworms
Damiano David
Khamari
Get your tour dates seen by one billion fans:
Sign up as an artist
Festivals
Tourbox for artists
Search for events or artists
Sign up
Log in
Sorry, you have to enable javascript to view this page!
Get the app
Home
Dublin concerts
Change location
Popular Artists
Festivals
Tourbox for artists
Live streams
Log in to your account
Sign up
Find concerts
Sorry, you have to enable javascript to view this page!
Dublin
Your artists
Popular artists
Tourbox for artists
Songkick Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 1st, 2023
SK Acquisition Ltd. T/A Songkick
is a part of the Warner Music Group.
The Warner Music Group
takes your privacy seriously where we deal with your personal data. This means information that identifies you personally such as your name, contact details, order history, credit/debit card details, marketing preferences or data that can be linked with such information in order to identify you directly or indirectly (“
Personal Information
”). References to “we” “our” or “us” in this Privacy Policy are to the Warner Music Group entities listed as Controllers in the “Controllers of your Personal Information” section
below.
This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with Personal Information that we collect from you in person and through certain of our owned or controlled websites, online stores and web properties (e.g., widgets and applications) and mobile applications (“
Mobile Apps
”) in each case, that link to this Privacy Policy (each, a “
Platform
” or collectively our “
Platforms
”).
This Privacy Policy applies to the Warner Music Group as a whole and where there are local variations or additions concerning how we use your Personal Information collected from your home country, these are set out clearly in the
Country Specific Schedules
section of this Privacy Policy. Please treat these schedules as a part of this Privacy Policy. If you are a California resident, please note that we have a separate California Privacy Policy which applies to the collection and use of your Personal Information along with this Privacy Policy and also addresses your privacy rights. Please see our California Privacy Policy
here
Please note that our Platforms are not directed to individuals under the age of sixteen (16), and we request that such individuals do not provide Personal Information through the Platforms.
QUICK GUIDE TO CONTENTS
CONTROLLERS OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
DO WE TRANSFER YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
CONTACTING US
COUNTRY SPECIFIC SCHEDULES
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY POLICY
1. CONTROLLERS OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
1.1	The
Warner Music Group
companies listed below will be responsible as Controllers of the Personal Information we collect on our Platforms:
1.1.1
SK Acquisition Ltd. t/a Songkick
, a company incorporated and registered in England and Wales with its principal place of business at Cannon Place, 78 Cannon Street, London, United Kingdom, EC4N 6AF;
1.1.2
Warner Music International Services Limited
, a company incorporated and registered in England and Wales whose registered office is at 78 Cannon Street, London, England, EC4N 6AF, UK;
1.1.3
Warner-Elektra-Atlantic Corporation
, a Delaware Corporation with its principal place of business at 1633 Broadway New York, New York 10019, USA; and
1.1.4
Warner Music Inc.
, a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business at 1633 Broadway New York, New York 10019, USA.
Please note that the exact Controller relationship that will apply to your Personal Information is determined by the activities that apply to you in the “How we use your Personal Information” section, and depending on the relevant activities identified, the companies listed above may either be Sole Controllers (so one company listed above is solely responsible) or Joint-Controllers (so two or more companies listed above are jointly responsible) of your Personal Information. We have included a table
here
setting out the Controller relationship for each activity that may apply to you and where there is a Joint-Controller relationship we have included a summary of the arrangements in place (basically who is responsible for complying with the law with regards to your privacy)
here
.
1.2	We have tried to make it as clear as possible in the links provided above, however, if you have any questions about which of the above companies is the Controller of your Personal Information or would like to contact any of the companies listed above, please email us at privacy@songkick.com. If more convenient, you can also write to us at Warner Music UK Limited, Legal Department, The Warner Building, 27 Wrights Lane, London, W8 5SW, UK.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We receive Personal Information about you, either directly from you, from a third-party source or by automated collection when you use any of our Platforms.
We use your Personal Information for various purposes (reasons) and our lawful bases (justifications) for using your Personal Information is either “to provide a requested service or carry out a contract with you”; “where we have a legal obligation”; where you have given us your consent”; or “where it is necessary for our legitimate interests” (this means that we have a business or commercial interests in using your Personal Information).
The tables below set out clearly how we collect and use your Personal Information and the lawful bases (reason) we rely on for using your Personal Information. Where we have said that using or keeping your information is “necessary for our legitimate interests”, we have carried out an assessment to ensure this is not unfair to you. Please note that each heading in the “How we use your information and our lawful bases” column of the table below refers to the different lawful basis we rely on for using your Personal Information.
Please bear in mind that if you choose not to provide information requested by us, or if you object to our use of your Personal Information where we have made it clear that this information is mandatory, we may not be able to provide you with the services you have requested or otherwise fulfil the purpose(s) for which we have asked for your Personal Information.
2.1	Online Accounts and Purchases
Information we collect
How we use your information and our lawful bases
User Account
You give us Personal Information about you when you register for an online account on any of our Platforms . This is generally information including your name, and email address.
When you complete your account information after registration and use your account, you give us additional information about you. This is generally Personal Information including your address details.
Provide a requested service / carry out a contract with you
To register your account and provide you with account functionality on our Platforms, such as arranging access to your account, maintaining your account and providing you with related customer service.
To send you administrative information, including information regarding our Platforms and changes to our terms, conditions and policies.
Purchases/Orders
You give us Personal Information about you when you place an order on any of our Platforms. This includes information such as the contents of your shopping cart, your name, email address, telephone number, shipping address, delivery preferences, and payment details (e.g. credit/debit card/PayPal).
Provide a requested service / carry out a contract with you
To complete and fulfill your purchases on our Platforms, including processing your payments, sending you an order confirmation, sending you updates on your order, and having your order delivered to you.
To send you administrative information, including information regarding our Platforms and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Comply with a legal obligation
To comply with any relevant consumer laws in relation to purchases you make, including regarding giving you certain information and issuing replacements, credits, or refunds (if applicable).
Customer Service Support
You give us Personal Information about you when you contact us in relation to an order or support request you have made on any of our Platforms. This generally includes information such as your name, email address, and details of your enquiry or query.
Provide a requested service / carry out a contract with you
To communicate with you and provide you with related customer service.
2.2	Marketing Campaigns and Direct Marketing
Information we collect
How we use your information
Direct Marketing
- You give us Personal Information about you when you sign up/agree to receive marketing communications from us.
- This is generally information including your name, email address, telephone number, and marketing preferences. Depending on the marketing campaign, this may also include your country, city, date of birth, and gender where you provide us with these additional details.
- There are several ways you can sign up to receive marketing from us, including:
- Newsletters. Signing up to receive any of our newsletters on any of our web pages.
- Artist/Label/Brand Lists. Signing up to receive Artist/Label/Brand specific marketing communications and updates.
- Campaigns. Signing up to receive marketing communications when you participate in any of our marketing campaigns (including offline campaigns, concerts, competitions, sweepstakes, and similar promotions).
- Account Registration. Signing up to receive marketing when you register for an account on our Platforms.
- Marketing Partners. Signing up to receive marketing communications from us on a third-party partner’s website or online platform (any website or online platform that is not under our control e.g. ticketing platforms or music streaming services).
With your consent
- To send you marketing communications via email or SMS where you have agreed to receive these communications. We will only do this in line with your marketing preferences, and you can opt-out of receiving these communications at any time by selecting the unsubscribe link in any email we send, following the instructions in any SMS we send, or by emailing us at
privacy@songkick.com
.
- To segment you for the purposes of determining what content is best suited to send to you. We do this, for example, by analyzing factors about you such as how you have signed up to receive marketing communications from us (e.g. on our website or through a competition), your location, and the marketing preferences you have communicated to us (e.g. the Artist you have said you are interested in). Please note that we will cease to do any segmentation where you opt-out of receiving marketing communications at any time by selecting the unsubscribe link in any email we send, texting back “STOP” or by emailing us at
privacy@songkick.com
.
- To share your contact details and marketing preferences with our affiliates, our artists, and any other third party for the purposes of them sending you marketing communications via email or SMS where you have agreed to us sharing your Personal Information for these purposes. We will only do this in line with your marketing preferences, and you can ask us to stop sharing your Personal Information for these purposes at any time by emailing us at
privacy@songkick.com
.
Please note that if you do opt-out from receiving marketing-related messages from us, we will continue to send administrative and service messages to you as necessary. These messages will not contain any marketing content.
Social Media Audience Advertising
You give us Personal Information about you when you sign up or agree to receive marketing communications from us, including social media advertising. This is generally information including your name, email address, social media username or handle, telephone number, and marketing preferences.
Where we have a social media pixel on any of our Platforms, you give us Personal Information about you when you consent to this pixel interacting with and collecting data from your device when you access our Platforms. This is generally information on the fact that you have visited our Platforms and have an account on our partner social media platforms (e.g. Facebook or Google).
Please see our Cookies Policy for further information on social media pixels and how they work. You can find it at the bottom of our website pages, next to our Terms of Use.
With your consent
To send you our custom adverts on your social media account using audience targeting technology, where our social media partners match your email address or information collected from our social media pixels with your user account on their platform (if you have one), and include you in a group of individuals to whom we can send custom adverts. This “Custom Audience” group is created and stored only on your social media platform, and although we can send custom adverts to you, we can’t tell if you have been included in the Custom Audience group and do not have access to any information held on your social media account.
To segment you for the purposes of determining what content is best suited to send to you and what custom audience group you are best suited to. We do this, for example, by analyzing factors about you such as how you have signed up to receive marketing communications from us (e.g. on our website or through a competition), your location, the marketing preferences you have communicated to us (e.g. the Artist you have said you are interested in), and even by analyzing your interactions with our Platforms and your listening behavior where you have given us consent to do so (see “Listening Behavior on Streaming Platforms” section below). Please note that we will cease to do any segmentation where you opt-out of receiving marketing communications at any time by selecting the unsubscribe link in any email we send, following the instructions in any SMS we send, or by emailing us at
privacy@songkick.com
.
To create a separate group of social media users with similar characteristics to those who have been included in our Custom Audience groups. This “Lookalike Audience” group is created and stored only on the platforms of our social media partners. Although we can send custom adverts to individuals on this Lookalike Audience group, we can’t identify any individuals included in this group and do not have access to any information held by the social media platform on these individuals.
2.3	Social Media, Streaming Services and Third-Party Accounts
Information we collect
How we use your information
Digital Service Providers Direct Marketing
We partner with digital service providers. If you have an account with a digital service provider (e.g., Spotify) and agree to receive marketing communications from their partners through using their online tools, your digital service provider shares your Personal Information with us for this purpose. This information includes your name, date of birth, gender, email address, and post code.
With your consent
To send you themed marketing communications by email and in line with your marketing preferences. See also the "Listening Behaviour on Streaming Platforms" section below which discusses other ways we interact with streaming platforms to send you content that is relevant to you where you have consented to this.
Please note that you can opt-out of receiving these communications at any time by selecting the unsubscribe link in any email we send, by emailing us at
privacy@songkick.com
or by opting out through your digital service provider’s platform.
Listening Behaviour on Streaming Platforms
If you give us permission to, we collect Personal Information from streaming platforms you use (e.g., Spotify) on your listening behaviour on their platform. This includes information on tracks, playlists, and albums listened to, along with your top genres and artists.
With your consent
To analyse your listening behaviour (on both an aggregated and personally identifiable bases) for the purposes of determining what marketing content may be more suitable to send to you if you have consented (on the streaming platform) to receiving direct marketing communications from us and in line with your marketing preferences. For example, if we identify one artist as a top artist based on your listening behaviour, we may recommend a similar artist who we think you may like but you haven’t yet listened to. Please note that you can withdraw your consent to us using your listening behaviour through your streaming platform or by contacting us at
privacy@songkick.com
.
To monitor the performance of our content on streaming platforms by analysing users’ listening behaviour.
2.4	General Enquiries and Engagement
Information we collect
How we use your information
General Enquiries
You give us Personal Information about you when you contact us or otherwise interact with us generally, including via email, SMS, social media, online contact form, telephone call, SMS post, or otherwise. This generally includes information such as your name, contact information, and details of your communication.
Necessary for our legitimate interests
To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, for example, when you send us questions, suggestions, compliments or complaints, or when you request information about our Platforms. We may also take such into account when improving our Platforms, products, and services.
Surveys
You give us Personal Information about you when you participate in and complete any of our surveys. This generally includes information such as your name, contact information, and your survey responses.
With your consent
To register you for our surveys and to analyze the responses you have provided to our survey questions.
2.5	Automatically Collected Information
Information we collect
How we use your information
Email Deliverability
We collect certain Personal Information by automated means when we send you marketing emails in line with your marketing preferences. This is generally information including whether you have opened the email and what you have clicked on within the email.
Please see our Cookies Policy for information on what Cookies (and other similar technologies) are and how we use them. You can find it at the bottom of our website pages, next to our Terms of Use.
With your consent
To monitor the performance of the marketing emails we send to you.
To tailor future marketing emails, we send to you based on your interactions with our previous emails.
Accessing our online Platform
We collect certain Personal Information by automated means when you visit or interact with any of our online Platforms. This is generally information including:
Browser and Device Details: Certain information is collected by most browsers, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, device type (Windows or Mac), screen resolution, operating system version, Internet browser type and version of our Platform that you are using.
Mobile App Details: When you download and use any of our Mobile Apps, we may track and collect Mobile App usage data, such as the date and time the Mobile App on your device accesses our servers and what information and files have been downloaded to the Mobile App based on your device number.
IP Address: An Internet Protocol (IP) address is a number that is automatically assigned to your device from which you are accessing a Platform by your Internet Service Provider (ISP), and is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever you visit the Platform, along with the time of the visit and the activity on the Platform.
It is necessary for our legitimate interests
To calculate our Platform usage levels.
To help diagnose server problems.
To determine your location at a country level.
Cookies (and Similar Technologies)
When you visit any of our online Platforms, we collect Personal Information about you through cookies and similar technologies placed on your device. The information collected may include a user ID assigned to you, your IP address, the content you have interacted with on our Platforms, duration of each visit to our Platforms, error messages encountered when using our Platforms, and your interactions with social plug-ins (e.g. Facebook like or share button) on our Platforms.
Please see our Cookies Policy for information on what Cookies (and other similar technologies) are and how we use them. You can find it at the bottom of our website pages, next to our Terms of Use.
Necessary for our legitimate interests
To ensure our Platforms work as intended on your device and as necessary to provide the content or services you request on our Platforms.
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To ensure your use of our Platforms and any activities you carry out on our Platform is secure.
To comply with applicable legislation with regards to Cookies and information collected from Cookies – for example, to remember your cookies settings.
With your consent
To target you with customized advertising online and on social media based on your online activity and use of our Platforms.
To share your information with third-party partners for the purposes of them sending you customized advertising content online and on social media.
To share your information with third-party social media platform partners where you interact with social plug-ins (e.g. Facebook like or share button) on our Platforms.
To recognize you when you return to any of our Platforms and to customize your experience based on your previous visits.
To carry out web analytics on our Platforms (e.g. to monitor the number of your visits to our Platforms and the actions you take on our Platforms for analytical purposes).
2.6	Internal Business Processes
Information we collect
How we use your information
Aggregating Personal Information
Our aggregating of Personal Information may apply to any of the above Personal Information we collect about you.
Necessary for our legitimate interests
To develop new products and services.
To enhance, improve, or modify our current products and services.
To determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.
To operate and expand our business activities.
Audits (Internal and External) and Compliance
Our audit and compliance process may apply to any of the above Personal Information we collect about you.
Necessary for our legitimate interests
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Fraud and Security
Our fraud and security monitoring process may apply to any of the above Personal Information we collect about you.
Necessary for our legitimate interests
Administration
Our administrative processes may apply to any of the above Personal Information we collect about you.
Necessary for our legitimate interests
Legal claims
Our legal claims process may apply to any of the above Personal Information we collect about you.
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation / Legitimate interests (depending on the situation)
To effectively defend or bring claims to protect our legal rights and interests, and to respond to investigations from regulators or law enforcement.
3.	HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information for the following purposes:
We share your Personal Information with affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. You can consult the list and location of our affiliates
here
.
We share your Personal Information with companies who perform services on our behalf (and in some cases, our affiliates), to enable them to support the services we provide to you including those listed below. These can include consultants, providers of professional advisory services (such as lawyers and accountants), digital marketing agencies, service providers involved in hosting (cloud providers such as AWS and Microsoft Azure), marketing technology (such as for email campaign creation, email automation, managing opt-outs etc), data analysis (such as website traffic analytics), payment processing (such as PayPal), order fulfilment (such as shipping/delivery of customer orders), infrastructure provision (such as website and application development), auditing (external auditors such as KPMG and PWC), IT services, customer service, email delivery, credit card processing, and other similar services.
We share your Personal Information with third parties (including our partners and artists) to permit them to send you marketing communications, consistent with your marketing preferences. For example, when you register to receive an artist’s newsletter.
We share your Personal Information with our social media partners for the purposes of carrying out Social Media Audience Advertising and when we use social media plug-ins on our Platforms.
We share your Personal Information with third parties that sponsor contests, sweepstakes and similar promotions so that they can offer and administer such contests, sweepstakes and promotions.
Any Personal Information that you post or disclose on or through public areas of our Platforms (e.g. through message boards, chat, profile pages and blogs) will become public information, and may be available to visitors to our Platforms and to the general public, and may be redistributed through the Internet and other media channels where they will reach an even broader audience.
We share your Personal Information if we are under a duty to do so, in order to comply with (and/or where we reasonably believe we are under a duty to comply with) any legal or regulatory obligation, such as pursuant to court orders, enforcement action from regulators or law enforcement; or in order to enforce any agreement we have in place with you; or to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of the Warner Music Group, our affiliates, our artists, you, others third parties, users of our Platforms or the general public.
We share your Personal Information in connection with a sale or business transaction. We have a legitimate interest in disclosing or transferring your Personal Information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). Such third parties may include, for example, an acquiring entity and its advisors.
We share your Personal Information to enforce our terms and conditions or any other contracts we have with you and to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain in any action, such as pursuant to court orders and engaging debt collection agencies.
4. DO WE TRANSFER YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Please note that as a result of the global nature of the Warner Music Group, your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using our Platforms you understand that your Personal Information may be transferred to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country.
In particular, our consumer databases and global marketing teams are based in the United States and the United Kingdom, so the Personal Information you provide to us while interacting with us for e-commerce purposes, for marketing purposes and for purposes relating to competitions (including sweepstakes and other similar promotions) will be stored and processed in the United States and the United Kingdom for these purposes.
Please see the “Do we transfer your personal information” section in the
Country Specific Schedules
of this Privacy Policy for information on how we protect your Personal Information when it is transferred from your country of residence to a location outside your country of residence.
5.	HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as needed or permitted considering the purpose(s) for which it was obtained and consistent with applicable law.
The criteria we use to determine our retention periods include:
The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide our Platforms to you (for example, for as long as you have an account with us or keep using the Platforms);
Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period before we can delete them);
Whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation, or regulatory investigations); and
Any guidelines issued by relevant legal and data protection authorities.
6.	SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose to us, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, sexual orientation or sex life, political opinions, religion or philosophical beliefs, health related information, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through our Platforms or otherwise unless we expressly request this information for specified purposes.
7.	YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you would like to exercise your rights in relation to your Personal Information (such as to access, review, correct, update, suppress, restrict, or delete Personal Information), you may contact us at:
privacy@songkick.com
. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law.
When contacting us, please make clear what right(s) you wish to exercise, what actions you would like us to take concerning your Personal Information, and any specifics on the Personal Information your request relates to. This will allow us to deal with your request more efficiently.
For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the email address that you use to send us your request, or we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and within any legally required time limits.
Please see the “Your Privacy Rights” section in the
Country Specific Schedules
of this Privacy Policy or the California Privacy Policy
California Privacy Policy
for information on specific data protection rights provided by your jurisdiction.
8.	UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. We will notify you of any significant changes where we have a relationship with you and otherwise post updated versions on our website from time to time. Please take a look at the “LAST UPDATED” legend at the top of this page to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we make the revised Privacy Policy available on or through our online Platforms.
9.	CONTACTING US
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our data processing practices, please contact us by email at
privacy@songkick.com.
We are located at the following address:
Warner Music UK Limited
Legal Department
The Warner Building
27 Wrights Lane
London
W8 5SW
Attn: The Privacy Team
Please note that email communications are not always secure, so please do not include credit card information or other sensitive information in your email messages to us.
10.	COUNTRY SPECIFIC SCHEDULES
10.1	European Union and European Economic Area
DO WE TRANSFER YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Some of the non-EEA countries are recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection according to EEA standards (the full list of these countries is available here). For transfers from the EEA to countries not considered adequate by the European Commission (including the United States), we have put in place standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission regarding Personal Information transfers as a safeguard for the transfer of your information. You may obtain a copy of this safeguard by contacting privacy@songkick.com or consult the standard terms by following this link.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
Privacy Rights if you are located in the EEA or your Personal Information is held by a Warner Music Company in the EEA:
By law, you have a number of rights (subject to certain conditions and exceptions) when it comes to your information. You can exercise any of these rights by contacting us at
privacy@songkick.com
or through our details in the contact section below.
You have the right to object to us using your Personal Information where we rely on “legitimate interests” as a lawful basis for processing your Personal Information or where we use your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes (.e. if you no longer want to receive direct marketing newsletters, updates and other marketing communications from us).
Rights
What does this mean?
The right to be informed
You have the right to be provided with clear, transparent and easily understandable information about how we use your Personal Information and your rights. This is why we are providing you with the information in this Privacy Policy.
The right of access
You have the right to obtain access to your Personal Information (if we are processing it), and certain other information (like the information provided in this Privacy Policy).
This is so you are aware and can check that we are using your Personal Information in accordance with data protection law.
The right to rectification
You are entitled to have your Personal Information corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to erasure
This is also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’ and, in simple terms, enables you to request the deletion or removal of your Personal information where there is no compelling reason for us to keep using it. This is not a general right to erasure; there are exceptions.
The right to restrict processing
You have the right to ‘block’ or suppress further use of your Personal Information in certain circumstances. When processing is restricted, we can still store your Personal Information, but may not use it further.
The right to data portability
You have the right, in certain circumstances, to obtain Personal Information you have provided to us (in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format) and to reuse it elsewhere or to ask us to transfer it to a third party of your choice.
The right to object to processing
You have the right to object to certain types of processing (such as direct marketing).
The right to lodge a complaint
If you have any concerns or complaints regarding our use of your Personal Information, we encourage you to contact us using the details in the "Contact Us" section of this policy. You also have the right to make a complaint to an official data protection authority.
10.2 United Kingdom (UK)
DO WE TRANSFER YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
EEA countries are recognised by the UK as providing an adequate level of data protection and as such transfers of your Personal Information from the UK to an EEA country are currently permitted under UK law. In addition, transfers of your Personal Information to some non-EEA countries are currently permitted by the UK provided these countries have been certified by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection according to EEA standards (the full list of these countries is available
here
).
For transfers from the UK to countries not considered adequate by the European Commission (including the United States), the standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission regarding Personal Information transfers are currently certified by the UK as a valid safeguard for the transfer of your information, and we have put these standard contractual clauses in place where we transfer your Personal Information to countries not considered by the UK as providing an adequate level of data protection. You may obtain a copy of this safeguard by contacting
privacy@songkick.com
or consult the standard terms by following
this link
.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
Privacy Rights if you are located in the UK or your Personal Information is held by a Warner Music Company in the UK:
By law, you have a number of rights (subject to certain conditions and exceptions) when it comes to your Personal Information. You can exercise any of these rights by contacting us at
privacy@songkick.com
or through our details in the contact section below.
You have the right to object to us using your Personal Information where we rely on “legitimate interests” as a lawful basis for processing your Personal Information or where we use your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes (i.e., if you no longer want to receive direct marketing newsletters, updates, and other marketing communications from us).
The right to be informed
You have the right to be provided with clear, transparent, and easily understandable information about how your Personal Information is used and your rights. This is why we are providing you with the information in this Privacy Notice.
The right to access
You have the right to access your Personal Information that we hold. This is known as a Subject Access Request. We will provide any information requested within 30 days, free of charge, unless the request is unfounded or excessive.
The right to rectification
If your Personal Information is inaccurate or incomplete, you have the right to have it rectified or completed. If we have shared your Personal Information with others, we'll let them know about the rectification where possible.
The right to erasure
This is also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’ and, in simple terms, enables you to request the deletion or removal of your Personal Information where there is no compelling reason for us to keep using it. This is not a general right to erasure; there are exceptions.
The right to restrict processing
You have rights to ‘block’ or suppress further use of your Personal Information. When processing is restricted, we can still store your Personal Information, but may not use it further. We keep lists of people who have asked for further use of their Personal Information to be ‘blocked’ to make sure the restriction is respected in future.
The right to data portability
You have the right to receive your Personal Information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to request that this data is transmitted to another controller where this is technically feasible. This right only applies to Personal Information you have provided to us yourself (not any other information), that we process by automated means based on your consent or for the performance of a contract with you.
The right to object to processing
You have the right to object to certain types of processing, including processing based on our legitimate interests and processing for direct marketing (i.e., if you no longer want to be contacted with potential opportunities).
Rights related to automated decision making and profiling
You have the right not to be subject to decisions made solely on the basis of automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal or similarly significant effects on you, except where it is necessary for entering into, or performing, a contract with you, it is authorized by law, or you have given your explicit consent.
11.	CALIFORNIA PRIVACY POLICY
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), this California Privacy Policy provides California residents with a description of our practices regarding the collection, use, sale, and disclosure of their Personal Information. Under the CCPA, “Personal Information” is information that identifies, relates to, describes, or could reasonably be associated or linked with a particular California resident or household. This California Privacy Policy also addresses other provisions of California law. We are providing this California Privacy Policy in addition to the information contained in our general Privacy Policy, above. As noted above, this California Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with Personal Information that we collect from you in person and through certain of our owned or controlled Platforms. This California Privacy Policy does not apply to our job applicants, employees, contractors, owners, directors, or officers where the Personal Information we collect about those individuals relates to their current, former, or potential role with us.
11.1 Collection of Personal Information
We plan to collect, and have collected within the preceding 12 months, the following categories of Personal Information, as listed in the CCPA:
A. Identifiers.
Identifiers, such as name, contact information (address, email address, telephone number), an IP address that can reasonably be linked or associated with a particular consumer or household, Social Security number, social media username or handle, and online identifiers;
B. Customer Records Information.
Personal information as defined in the California customer records law, such as name, contact information, and financial account information;
C. Protected Class Information.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as gender and age;
D. Transaction Information.
Commercial information, such as order history, contents of shopping cart, payment details, order delivery preferences, and listening history and preferences;
E. Online Use Information.
Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history, search history, and interactions with our online properties or ads;
F. Geolocation Information.
Geolocation information, such as device location and approximate location derived from IP address;
G. Audio/Video Information.
Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information, such as call and video recordings;
H. Inferences.
Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics.
11.2	Sources of Personal Information
We collect Personal Information from you and from other sources, such as third parties with which we have relationships, ad networks, publicly available databases, joint marketing partners, social media platforms, and our third-party service providers.
11.3	Our Use of Personal Information
We use Personal Information as set forth in our general Privacy Policy, above, to operate, manage, and maintain our business, to provide our products and services, and to accomplish our business purposes and objectives, including, for example, to: develop, improve, and maintain our products and services; personalize, advertise, and market our products and services; conduct research and data analysis; maintain our facilities and infrastructure; undertake quality and safety assurance measures; conduct risk and security control and monitoring; detect and prevent fraud; perform identity verification; perform accounting, audit, investigations, and other internal functions; comply with law, legal process, and internal policies; maintain records; and exercise and defend legal claims.
11.4 Our Disclosure and Sale of Personal Information
As set forth in our general Privacy Policy, above, we share Personal Information with the following categories of third parties:
Affiliates. We share with our affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Service Providers. We share with our service providers, to facilitate the services they provide to us, such as website hosting, marketing services, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, infrastructure provision, auditing, IT services, customer service, and email delivery.
Business Partners. We share with third parties (including our partners and artists) to permit them to send you marketing communications, consistent with your marketing preferences.
Ad Networks. We share with ad networks and online advertising partners to permit them to send you marketing communications.
Social Media Platforms. We share with our social media partners for the purposes of carrying out Social Media Audience Advertising and when we use social media plug-ins on our Platforms.
Promotion Sponsors. We share with third parties that sponsor contests, sweepstakes, and similar promotions so that they can offer and administer such promotions.
Legal Authorities. We share with public and government authorities, including regulators and law enforcement, to respond to requests, as well as to protect and defend legal rights.
Other Parties in Legal Proceedings. We share Personal Information in the context of litigation discovery and in response to subpoenas and court orders.
Under the CCPA, a “sale” is broadly defined as the disclosure of Personal Information for monetary or other valuable consideration and may include certain of our business practices, including those related to certain types of online advertising. In the preceding 12 months, we disclosed for our operational business purposes or sold the following categories of Personal Information to the following categories of third parties:
Categories of Personal Information
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
Identifiers
Affiliates; Service Providers; Business Partners; Promotion Sponsors; Ad Networks
Ad Networks
Customer Records Information
Affiliates; Service Providers; Business Partners; Promotion Sponsors; Ad Networks
Ad Networks
Protected Class Information
Affiliates; Service Providers; Ad Networks
Ad Networks
Transaction Information
Affiliates; Service Providers; Business Partners; Promotion Sponsors; Ad Networks
Ad Networks
Online Use Information
Affiliates; Service Providers; Ad Networks
Ad Networks
Geolocation Information
Affiliates; Service Providers; Promotion Sponsors; Ad Networks
Ad Networks
Audio/Video Information
Affiliates; Service Providers
None
Inferences
Affiliates; Service Providers; Ad Networks
Ad Networks
We do not knowingly sell the Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age.
11.5 Your CCPA Rights
Requests to Know and Delete
You may request that we disclose to you the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such Personal Information;
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling Personal Information about you;
The categories of Personal Information about you that we sold and, for each, the categories of third parties to whom we sold such Personal Information; and
The categories of Personal Information about you that we otherwise shared and, for each, the categories of third parties with whom we shared such Personal Information.
You may request that we delete Personal Information we collected from you.
To make a Request to Know or a Request to Delete, please contact us at 833-596-2637. We will verify and respond to your request consistent with applicable law, taking into account the type and sensitivity of the Personal Information subject to the request. We may need to request additional Personal Information from you, such as your email address, phone number in order to verify your identity and protect against fraudulent requests. If you maintain a password-protected account with us, we may verify your identity through our existing authentication practices for your account and require you to re-authenticate yourself before disclosing or deleting your Personal Information. If you make a Request to Delete, we may ask you to confirm your request before we delete your Personal Information.
If you are the authorized agent of a consumer, making a Request to Know or a Request to Delete on behalf of the consumer, we will ask you for:
Proof of your registration with the California Secretary of State to conduct business in California; and
Proof that the consumer has authorized you to make a Request to Know or a Request to Delete on the consumer’s behalf. This must be a permission signed by the consumer. “Signed” means that the permission has either been physically signed or provided electronically in accordance with the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, Civil Code 1633.7 et seq.
If an authorized agent has not provided us with a power of attorney from the consumer pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000-4465, we may also:
Require the consumer to provide you with a written permission signed by the consumer to make the request on the consumer’s behalf;
Verify the identity of the consumer as we would if the consumer were making the request personally; and
Obtain verification from the consumer that they provided you permission to make the request.
Request to Opt Out of a Sale
You may request to opt out of any future sale of Personal Information about you by contacting us at 833-596-2637.
If you are the authorized agent of a consumer, making a Request to Opt Out on behalf of the consumer, we will ask you for:
Proof of your registration with the California Secretary of State to conduct business in California; and
Proof that the consumer has authorized you to make a Request to Know or a Request to Delete on the consumer’s behalf. This must be a permission signed by the consumer. “Signed” means that the permission has either been physically signed or provided electronically in accordance with the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, Civil Code 1633.7 et seq.
Right to Non-Discrimination
You have the right to be free from unlawful discriminatory treatment for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
11.6 Do Not Track Signals
We do not currently respond to browser do-not-track signals.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you may request certain information once per year about our disclosure of certain categories of Personal Information during the preceding calendar year to third parties for such third parties’ own direct marketing purposes. Please send your request by email to
privacy@songkick.com
, or by postal mail to Warner Music Group, Attn: Privacy Coordinator, 1633 Broadway, New York, NY 10019. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the email or mailing addresses specified in this section.
If you consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies, we and our 835 partners can store and access personal information on your device to provide a more personalised browsing experience. This is accomplished through processing personal data collected from browsing data stored in cookies. You can provide/withdraw consent and object to processing based on a legitimate interest at any time by clicking on the 'Cookies Settings' link on any page.
Cookies Policy
.
We and our
878
partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the ["privacy preferences"] link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.
Cookies Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:
Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)
Reject
Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
About Your Privacy
We process your data to deliver content or advertisements and measure the delivery of such content or advertisements to extract insights about our website. We share this information with our partners on the basis of consent and legitimate interest. You may exercise your right to consent or object to a legitimate interest, based on a specific purpose below or at a partner level in the link under each purpose. These choices will be signaled to our vendors participating in the Transparency and Consent Framework.
Cookies Policy
User ID:
604c4f4f-3e42-4f09-b88a-e6b5b3610d12
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to analyse site usage so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. This may include cookies from third party analytics services. These cookies collect aggregated data. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not receive data about your site visits and will not be able to make improvements based on this.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers. If you do not allow these cookies, some services may not function optimally.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function. They are usually only set in response to actions you take, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block these cookies, but some parts of the site will then not work.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set by us or our advertising partners. They may be used to build profiles of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. These cookies may share information with third parties. We also use social media plug-ins, social media tracking and cross-device tracking. If you do not allow these cookies, you will not be able to use social functionality and will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Use limited data to select advertising
661 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Create profiles for personalised advertising
533 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
531 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
View Illustrations
Create profiles to personalise content
234 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised content
208 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
View Illustrations
Measure advertising performance
770 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Measure content performance
381 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
483 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Develop and improve services
571 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Use limited data to select content
144 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
List of IAB Vendors‎
Use precise geolocation data
With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
With your acceptance, certain characteristics specific to your device might be requested and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen) in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label