Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
1. Snapdish, Inc. ("Snapdish" or "we") knows that your privacy is very important and takes it very seriously.
This Privacy Policy covers how Snapdish treats personally identifiable information and any other information (collectively referred to as "Personal Information") that Snapdish collects and uses when you access services, websites, applications (collectively referred to as the "Service") that Snapdish provides.
2. Coverage
a) Service Provided by Snapdish
By accessing or using the Service, you acknowledge and agree to the policies described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies to any country that the Service may be used. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Snapdish does not control.
b) Links to Other Websites
Our Service contains links to other websites and we are not responsible for any of the practices employed by such websites. Please understand that our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect when you use a link to go from our website to another website. Your access to and use of such websites are subject to such websites' own rules and privacy policies.
c) Business Transfers
Your information may be transferred or sold to a third party, in the event that Snapdish is involved in a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or reorganization. In such an event, this privacy policy will apply between you and the third party.
d) Use of Google Analytics and Other Services
Snapdish may use Google Analytics or other similar third party analytic services ("Third Party Services") to better understand the use of the Service. Third Party Services collect their own processed IDs, cookies, and anonymous IP addresses, which are information sent by your browser as part of a page request. Information collected by Third Party Services is governed by the applicable Privacy Policy concerning the third party involved.
3. Acquirement and Use of Personal Information
ａ) Acquiring Your Personal Information
Snapdish will, in a legal and fair manner, acquire and use Personal Information and behavioral history of users, at the following (1) timing, for the following (2)  purpose(s). Snapdish may also separately notify or disclose the purpose(s) of acquiring Personal Information.
1. Personal Information acquired and used for the service named "snapdish"
- User Name and Password :
(1) When signing up to the Service and answering surveys provided by Snapdish (2) To provide the Service, answer inquiries, manage user accounts, deliver rewards, and analyze answers in surveys (by matching the answers and user information)
- E-mail Address :
(1) When signing up to the Service (2) To provide the Service, answer inquiries, manage user accounts, send information according to user’s preferences, distribute ads related to the Service and new products, and deliver rewards
- User ID :
(1) When answering surveys provided by Snapdish (2) To deliver rewards and analyze answers in surveys (by matching the answers and user information)
- Location, Gender, and Date of Birth :
(1) When you enter optionally (2) To improve quality of the Service, send information according to user’s preferences, and distribute ads related to the Service and new products
- Name, Address, and Phone number :
(1) When you enter optionally (2) To answer inquiries, send giveaways and prizes, deliver purchased products, charge fees, and issue coupons
- All information included in your posts :
(1) When making a post (2) To provide the Service, improve quality of the Service, send information according to user’s preferences, distribute ads related to the Service and new products
- Behavioral history within the Service (including answers and information in surveys) :
(1) When accessing and using the Service, and answering surveys provided by Snapdish (2) To provide the Service, improve quality of the Service, and analyze answers in surveys
- Information authorized and provided by users of third party services :
(1) When connecting optionally to such services (2) To provide the Service, and manage user accounts
2. Personal Information acquired and used for the service named "snapdish AI Cooking Chat"
- Information in your LINE profile such as Display name and ID
(1) When connecting your "snapdish" and "snapdish AI Cooking Chat" accounts (2) To provide the Service, improve quality of the Service, and answer inquiries
- Chat messages sent to "snapdish AI Cooking Chat"
(1) When sending a chat message to "snapdish AI Cooking Chat" (2) To provide the Service, improve quality of the Service, and answer inquiries
- E-mail address and country registered to payment service
(1) When registering as a paid subscriber to "snapdish AI Cooking Chat" (2) To provide the Service and answer inquiries
We may however, acquire information other than the listed above from the payment service for the purpose of administrative operations such as confirming your identity.
ｂ) Access Information
By Accessing the Service from a computer, mobile phone or other device, our servers will automatically receive and record access information such as your IP address, browser type,
ｃ) Use of Contact Information
Snapdish may use your contact information to provide you messages about the Service or to market to you. If you no longer wish to receive such information, you may unsubscribe from these messages by following the instructions in the messages or on Snapdish’s website. If you correspond with us by email, Snapdish may retain the content of your email message and Snapdish’s replies to you. Snapdish, at it’s sole discretion, may use your contact information to provide certain notifications to you.
ｄ） Cookies
Snapdish uses "cookies" to collect website usage data and to improve the Service. Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your computer, mobile phone or other device that are used to collect website usage data. Snapdish will use website usage data to improve the content and advertisements you see on the Service, to better understand how you access and interact with the Service, and fulfill your requests to make the Service easier to use. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may remove and block cookies by changing the settings on your browser. If you are using a mobile phone terminal, you may be able to block access to your terminal identification information, depending on what kind of mobile phone terminal you use. However, such changes may impact or affect the functions and behavior of the Service.
e) Personal Information Provided to Third Parties
Snapdish may provide your Personal Information to third parties for the purpose of distributing or displaying, or to analyze or examine, third party advertisements on Connected Services. Snapdish may also provide Personal Information : (1) to sign up and create an account; (2) to sell, ship or provide support for products, rights, digital content, and electronic coupons (“Products”); (3) to provide Product information, and to inform, notify, or send invitations to advertisements and sales information; (4) to conduct surveys and to inform marketing campaigns; (5) to develop, test, and verify such purposes; on services provided by business partners or clients of our Service, to utilize the Personal Information for providing such services, developing products, or promotional activities.
ｆ) Non-personally Identifiable Information
Snapdish may disclose non-personally identifiable information such as usage data, user data, registration information from connecting third party services that users have approved, platform types, number of clicks, referring/exit pages and URLs, to third parties.
ｇ) Data Retention Period of Personal Information
Snapdish will not retain your Personal Information that exceed the limits needed to fulfill the collection purposes of Personal Information.
h) Transferring Personal Information outside of the European Economic Area
Snapdish may transfer Personal Information to and handle in countries outside of the European Economic Area, which include Japan, if it is necessary to attain the purposes of use of Personal Information.
4. Security
Snapdish employs commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards designed to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. However, the security of any information you transmit to Snapdish is not guaranteed, nor is it guaranteed that such information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of Snapdish’s physical, electronic, or procedural safeguards.
5. Your Rights
a) Your Rights to Your Personal Information
If you are a registered user of the Service, when necessary, you may, by use of procedures designated by Snapdish, confirm, revise, add, or delete; exercise your data portability right to; suspend the use of; or stop providing to any destinations; your Personal Information.
b) Agreement of Privacy Policy and the Right of Withdrawal
By expressing your will to agree to this Privacy Policy, you have accepted how Snapdish handles Personal Information. Snapdish will handle Personal Information based on your agreement. You may withdraw from this agreement at any time. n case of withdrawal, Snapdish may suspend or terminate providing you with our Services.
6. Additional Information
a) Connecting to Connected Services such as Facebook/Twitter/Line
You can connect your Snapdish account to your Facebook/Twitter/Line (“Connected Services") account(s) to share information and interact with your friends. You may do so by clicking on the button of the service you want to connect in the "Settings" page. By connecting your Snapdish account to your Connected Services account(s), you agree to the terms of use of the Connected Services through the use of our Service. You can disable such connections at anytime by going to the "Settings" page.
The information you have provided to the Connected Services is subject to the privacy policies and terms of use of the Connected Services, and no longer under the control of Snapdish. Please think carefully about the information you make public on Snapdish.
b) Deleting Your Account
If you decide to delete your account on Snapdish, you may do so by following the instructions on Snapdish’s website. Please check carefully the instructions to find out about the information that may possibly remain on our website and archived records after your account has been deleted.
c) Restriction of Children under the age of 13
If you are under the age of 16, Personal Information must be provided under the consent of your parent or guardian. Our Service is not intended for the use of children under the age of 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has attempted to provide Personal Information or create an account on our Service, we will take steps to delete such information and terminate the account. In the case you have become aware of your child providing Personal Information without your consent, please contact Snapdish at
support@snapdi.sh
Snapdish does not knowingly contact or collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13.
d) Disclosure of Personal Information
We may disclose Personal Information if we believe that it is necessary to share information to comply with any applicable law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to take action against illegal and fraudulent activities, to apply our terms of service; or to protect the rights and property of Snapdish; or any other reasonable cause.
7. Closing Statement
a) Continuous Improvement
By maintaining internal regulations involving the protection of Personal Information and implementing thorough in-house training, Snapdish will make their best effort to continuously improve the in-house handling of Personal Information.
b) Changes to this Privacy Policy
Snapdish may, when necessary, review and make changes to this Privacy Policy. Snapdish’s most current Privacy Policy applies to how we handle Personal Information. In case we make significant changes to the way we use Personal Information, we will notify you by placing an announcement on the Service or by sending you an email. You accept that the revised Privacy Policy will apply by your access or use of the Service after any changes to the Privacy Policy have become effective.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Snapdish’s practices, please contact us at
support@snapdi.sh