Privacy Policy
When do we collect information?
We collect information when you subscribe our newsletter, play our games, follow us on social media (such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram) or contact us digitally (such as emailing or writing reviews on the App Store).
What information do we collect?
We only collect information such as:
IP adress (when you visit our website)
your contact details (only when you directly contact us in a digital way such as emailing or writing a review or comment on social media such as Facebook)
your device details (such as the device and operating system you are using)
your demographic information (such as age, country and language)
How do we use this information?
We use the information we collect for statistical analysis of our website and applications and to improve them.
We use your email for sending news only if you have explicitly signed-up to receive our newsletter.
Third-Party Services
We do not share your personal information with any other services unless you give us explicit permission (such as a check box to agree extra terms) to do so.
Advertisements
Currently we are not using any ads on our website or applications but in the future we might use Google Adsense on our website. When advertisements are used here is the relevant information:
Data used: The following information (made available from the visitor’s browser) is collected and sent to Automattic’s Demand Partners: IP address, geographical data (derived from the IP address), user agent, operating system, device type, unique user ID (randomly generated identifier), current URL, and IAB (Interactive Advertising Bureau) interest category. Log data (IP address, geographical data, user agent, operating system, device type) is stored for 30 days. The unique user ID is stored in cookies and is retained for 1 year.
Activity Tracked: Ad impressions, video-related events (i.e. pause, mute, 100% plays, etc.) or errors, and ad click events. Various cookies are used for the following purposes: delivering targeted advertisements to specific visitors, storing user identifiers, and collecting anonymous ad platform stats.
Games for Kids
We are in compliance with COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act). Our games do not require any personal information entry to be played. If your child is younger than 13 years old, you should disable in-app purchases and log out social media applications on your mobile phone and have parental guidance during their play time.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy