Help center
Privacy policy
Terms of use
FAQs
Digital Services Act (EU)
Agoda Privacy Policy
Introduction
Last Updated in January 2025
This Privacy Policy describes how Agoda Company Pte. Ltd. (36 Robinson Road, #20-01 City House, Singapore 068877) ("Agoda," "we," "us," "our") collects, uses, and shares information about you when you visit and interact on our website (mobile and desktop) and mobile app (collectively, "Site") or other means connected to the Sites (such as contacting our customer service team via chat or email). Below is a summary of our privacy practices. Our full Privacy Policy is available below, or you can click the links on any of the points detailed in the summary table for further details.
1
.
Collection
We may collect information about you, such as your name, phone number, email address, and payment details through your use of the Site or from third party services, such as social media or messaging apps.
2. Use
We may use your information to provide the requested services, maintain and improve the Site, communicate with you and send you marketing communications.
3. Mobile Devices
With your consent, we may send you push notifications with information about your reservations and Agoda programs of your choosing.
4. Sharing
We may share your information with Travel suppliers, Third party Service Providers, Business Partners, and our   Affiliates Group Companies.
5. Country-Specific Privacy Rights
Depending on your country of residence, you may have rights  to request information from us including  how we share certain categories of your information with third parties.
6. Cookies
We may use cookies and similar technologies to help provide our Site, understand and customize your preferences, and display relevant advertising.
7. Marketing Channels and Opting Out of Marketing Communications from Us
Based on your choices, we may use different marketing channels to communicate with you. You may opt-out of Agoda's direct marketing communications by using the unsubscribe or opt-out mechanisms in our  marketing communication or channels or through your Agoda account (depending on the channel you are trying to opt-out from).
8. International Transfers
We maintain appropriate protections for cross-border transfers as required by law for international data transfers.
9. Information from Other Partners
We may collect information from affiliated entities, business partners, or other third party providers and you may opt-out of this collection.
10. Security
We maintain reasonable security measures to protect your information and require our service providers to do the same.
11. Data Subject Rights
You may exercise certain rights of access, correction, deletion, portability, or object to certain processing of your information.
12. Updates to Privacy Policy
We will notify you of any material changes by posting the updated version of this Privacy Policy and taking other steps as needed.
13. Third Party Links
We may provide links to Third Party Websites that are not owned or controlled by us, and are governed by separate user terms and privacy statements.
14. Additional Considerations
Information related to minors, policy language, and Terms of Use.
15. Contacting Us
Please contact us with any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices as detailed below.
1. Information We Collect
By visiting our Site, we may  automatically collect certain usage information, such as your IP address, geographic data, country, search preferences related to specific searches, browser, and information about your device's operating system, application version, language settings, and pages that have been shown to you. If you are using a mobile device to access our mobile app or mobile optimized Site, we might also collect information that identifies your mobile device, such as the device ID, location of the device (with your consent), and device-specific settings and characteristics.
We also collect information about you that you provide to us when using the Site or making a booking (related to an accommodation, flight, activities, such as  tours or other travel activities, or other available services together "Travel") such as you or guest name, address, phone number, credit card details, e-mail address, Travel Supplier name, Travel location and/or length of stay, any special requirements (see also
Special Categories of Personal Data
below) and your Agoda account password for your Travel reservations.
In addition for flight reservations, we  may also collect yours and/or your passenger(s) name)s), date of birth, gender, nationality,  passport or national ID details (such as passport or national ID number, country of issue, expiry date, nationality, visa requirements), information about your flight (such as prices, the date of your booking, your itinerary, online or airport check-in, information about additional services purchased, such as extra baggage, upgrades). and information on loyalty or similar programs in place with your flight supplier.
If you decide to book tours or other travel activities through our Site, depending on the type of tour or travel activity, there may be additional information other than what is listed above that we may collect from you, including additional information on your travel itinerary (such as if you or your guests will arrive via air, sea or rail, arrival/departure times, pick up/drop off location), your preferred tour/activity language, height, weight, food preference and other information about any special preferences that our Travel Suppliers need to consider in connection with your participation in the respective tour/activity (including, any child safety information).
If you need to get in touch with our customer support team, or reach out to us through other means (such as through social media, or messaging apps, or communicating with Travel supplier through us), we will collect the information you may choose to provide through such contact.
Where you submit reviews regarding your Travels or other ancillary services available on our website through us, we will collect information from you included in your reviews, including your first name, country of residence and travel photos (if you decide to submit any – please do not submit any personal data in photos, such as faces or other identifiable features).
You can decide to participate in our referral programs or other promotions, and doing this will also mean providing us with personal data. In addition to that, you can provide us with feedback or ask for help with using the Sites or our various communications platforms.
Where you are making a booking with other guests whose details you provide to us as part of your reservation, or if you make a booking on behalf of someone else, it is your responsibility to ensure that the person or people you have provided personal data about are aware that you have done so, and have understood and accepted how Agoda uses their information (as described in this Privacy Policy).
Travel suppliers may share information about you with us too – this may happen if you have questions about your pending booking or if disputes arise regarding your booking.
Special categories of personal data
Certain types of personal data, such as religion, gender,  health-related information and data on children, are considered sensitive and may require additional protection under applicable laws. Although we do not ordinarily collect sensitive personal data as part of standard Travel bookings, there may be a need to from time to time, collect such information e.g. as part of travel regulations requirements (e.g. mobility issues), if such information is supportive of a transaction or request that you ask us to perform on your behalf such as a cancellation or amendment of your booking (e.g. health data contained in medical certificates). While we discourage you from providing sensitive data via any of Agoda's channels,  you may choose to share such information voluntarily through any contact you may have with Agoda (e.g. your dietary or any other special Travel preferences). You may also elect to provide us with other information which may imply or suggest information like religion, gender, health or other sensitive information, such as when specifying your dietary preferences. Such collection and processing of such sensitive personal data will be in line with what is set out in this privacy statement.
When you make a reservation, our system registers through which means and from which websites you have made your reservation. We may also collect certain information through cookies, tags, and similar technologies as detailed below.
If you participate in an Agoda program, there may be limited additional information that we may collect from the accommodation about your stay; for example, see the information below collected as part of the Agoda Umrah program.
The Agoda Umrah  Program
If you are making a reservation on our dedicated Umrah landing page, then as part of processing your travel reservation(s) and facilitating your visa application with the respective Government authorities in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia including the Ministry of Hajj and Umrah, and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs - we may collect, store, process and disclose additional personal data of yours consisting of the passport numbers, nationality, flight details and date of birth for each guest under a reservation made on the landing page as well as the email address and telephone number of the lead guest. Such personal data is required to process both the travel reservation(s) and visa application which is processed and approved by the respective ministries, and in order for the ministries to receive your visa application, your personal data will be disclosed through the ministries’ service provider, based in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Your personal data will be retained by Agoda for the duration outlined in this Privacy Policy.
The Agoda TTogether Program (Thailand)
If you are making a reservation through the Agoda TTogether Program, then as part of processing your travel reservation(s) and to facilitate the eligibility requirements for the Program - we may collect, store, process and disclose additional personal information of yours consisting of the last digits of your Thai citizen ID card and the telephone number you have used to register for the Program. Such personal data is required to process both the travel reservation(s) and to meet the eligibility requirements imposed by the Thai government. Your personal data may be disclosed where strictly required to Third Parties (including the relevant Thai government bodies and indicated partners such as local banking partners and others). Your personal data will be retained by Agoda for the duration outlined in this Privacy Policy.
The Go to Travel Program (Japan)
If you have made or are making a reservation through Japan’s Go to Travel Program, then as part of processing your travel reservation(s) and/or to facilitate the eligibility requirements for the Program - we may collect, store, process and disclose additional personal data of yours (or of the other guests on behalf of whom you have made the reservation, where applicable) which may consist of the name of the prefecture of residence and any relevant documents that you choose to provide as proof of residence (such as driver’s license, resident card, or others). Such personal data is required to process both the travel reservation(s) and/or to meet the eligibility requirements imposed by the government authority responsible for the Go to Travel Program. Your personal data may be disclosed where strictly required to Third Parties (such as the relevant government bodies where required). Your personal data will be retained by Agoda for the duration outlined in this Privacy Policy and as needed to comply with the Go to Travel Program requirements.
Where required by law, we rely on the following legal bases to process personal data:
Necessity to Perform Contract with You - we need to process your information in order to provide our travel reservation services to you, answer questions and requests from you, and provide customer support;
Our Legitimate Interests - we process your information for security and safety; debt recovery purposes;  to detect and prevent fraud; to protect and defend the rights or property of others, or our own rights and interests; to analyze, improve, customize and provide our reservation travel and related services to you or communicate with you as necessary to provide you with the requested services; and to respond to domestic and foreign law enforcement requests, court orders, and legal process;
Compliance with Legal Obligations - we need to process your information to comply with relevant laws and regulatory requirements;
Consent for Special Categories of Personal Data and marketing communications - we rely on your consent to collect sensitive personal data and send marketing communications. You can unsubscribe from marketing communications at any time by following the instructions set out in this Privacy Policy (see Section 7); and
Protect Vital Interest - we may need to process your information in case of emergency involving an individual's life or health.
2. How We Use the Information We Collect
We may use information collected through the Site to:
Provide you with the requested services, such as creating a user account, processing and confirming your reservation, and communicating with you about services requested (e.g., pre-reservation or post booking customer support via various channels, like our Site, email, phone, social messaging apps(e.g. Whatsapp, Line, Kakao, Wechat etc), deal with special request, cancellations, rewards
Send you marketing communications about products, services, news, offers,  promotions or surveys that may be relevant to you. The section about "
Marketing channels and Opting-out of Marketing
" explains more about the marketing channels we may use to communicate with you and how you can opt-out - you always have a right to say no
Conduct surveys or provide you with information about our services on our Site or on other websites you may visit
Maintain and improve the Site, tailor the user experience (including indicating/providing advertisements about products and services of Agoda or third parties that may be relevant to users or that users may be interested in), and for internal training
Protect the security of you and the Site
Exercising a right or obligation conferred or imposed by law, including responding to request and legal demands
When you make a reservation on one of our business partners’ websites or apps, we may also receive certain information such as your name and reservation information, including the Travel reserved, in order to process your reservation and identify which channel your reservation has originated from.
During calls with our customer support team, live listening may be done or calls may be recorded for quality and reference purposes which includes the usage of the recordings for the handling of claims, training and fraud detection purposes. If you would prefer that your call was not recorded, you can opt out by stating this, or by hanging up. Call recordings are kept for a limited amount of time and automatically deleted thereafter, unless Agoda has a legitimate interest to keep such recording for a longer period, including for fraud investigation and legal purposes.
If you have not finalized a reservation online, we may send you up to two reminders to continue with your reservation. We believe that this additional service is useful to you because it allows you to carry on with a reservation without having to search for the Travel again or fill in all the reservation details from scratch. These reminders are one-time only communications and reservation information used for such reminders will be deleted from our systems in accordance with our data retention policy detailed below.
Please note that the  confirmation emails and text messages sent after your booking are not marketing  messages. These messages are part of your Travel reservation process.  Respectively, they contain information for you to check in at your booked Travel and a separate invitation to complete the review form. You  will continue to receive them, even if you have opted out of our marketing  messages. Similarly, opting into receiving Price Alerts will not affect any  other choices you have made regarding receiving communications from us. If you  elect to receive Price Alerts, you will be able to opt out of receiving the  same by clicking on the “turn off price alerts” or a similar message found in  the Price Alert sent to you.
If you have selected a Mix and Save offer but look to have only  finalized part of the offer (e.g. only finalized the booking for one but not  both rooms), we may send you an email confirming you selected Mix and Save and  to remind you to complete all bookings for your selected Mix and Save offer.  This message is part of the Mix and Save booking process confirming your  selection and in case you have overlooked completing all bookings. In addition  to this, we may also send you a pre-check in email reminding you about changing  rooms during your stay at the accommodation.
As mentioned above, if you are completing the booking for another person who will stay at the reserved accommodation, you also have the option to insert the guest’s email address for the purpose that the guest will receive the reservation confirmation and a separate invitation to complete a guest review subject to this privacy policy.
Customer support on social messaging apps (e.g. Whatsapp, Line, Kakao, WeChat etc)
We may maintain social media accounts (beware of fake accounts !) and we may integrate with available social media services (e.g. social media messaging apps such Whatsapp, Line, Kakao, WeChat etc) for you to communicate with us about your reservations, Travels and our services. Whenever you connect with us through these apps, you may direct your social media provider to send us information about you such as your username, phone number, or other profile information, as controlled by your provider or as authorized by you via your privacy settings. Your social media provider will generally inform you about which information will be shared, so please carefully read their privacy and cookie policies ahead.
We discourage you from providing sensitive personal data (including credit card number, see more in Section 1) on any of our customer support channels. If you choose to disclose, Agoda accepts your explicit consent to use that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Your Communications with Travel Suppliers on the Site
We may also offer you and certain Travel Suppliers   various means to communicate about Travels and existing reservations, directing the communications through the Site.
You can contact us or the relevant Travel Supplier with questions about your reservation or about your Travels via the Site, and via other channels that we may make available.
We may access communications on any channels we make available and may use automated systems to review, scan, and analyze communications for security purposes; fraud prevention; compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; investigations of potential misconduct; product development and improvement; research; customer engagement, including to provide you with information and offers that we believe may be of interest to you; and customer or technical support. We reserve the right to block the delivery of or review communications that we, in our sole discretion, believe may contain malicious content, spam, or may pose a risk to you or, Travel Suppliers, us, or others. Note, all communications sent or received using the Site’s communication tools will be received and stored by us. Business partners through whose platform you made the reservation and Travel Suppliers may choose to communicate with you directly via email or other channels that we do not control.
Algorithms and Machine Learning
As further described in our
Terms of Use
, we may deploy tools in providing and seeking to improve and develop our services that utilise algorithms and machine learning (including predictive analytics tools  and tools deploying generative AI algorithms to create new content). These tools may make use of your information. In some cases where these tools are deployed, we may ask that you do not input personally identifiable details. We consider requirements under applicable laws and other relevant matters as part of how we deploy and utilise such tools.
3. Mobile Devices
We may send you push notifications with  information about your reservation, guest reviews, potential future stays, or  as part of any Agoda programs that you participate in, including coupons.  You may grant us access to your location information  or contact details in order to provide services requested by you. When you  upload a picture from your mobile device, your picture may also be tagged with  your location information. Please read the instructions of your mobile device  to understand how to change the settings and enable the sharing of such information  or the receipt of (or opt out of receiving) push notifications (including Software  Development Kit ("SDK") and push token data). Different device  operating systems may have different default settings, so please familiarize yourself  with such settings governing push notifications.
4. Sharing Your Information
In connection with your visit to our Site and use of our services, we may share your information as follows:
Travel Suppliers
including accommodation properties (e.g., the specific accommodation that you have requested us to reserve) and/or third party accommodation suppliers (e.g., Booking.com), airline, car rental, insurance, and, where available, activity providers, who fulfil your travel reservations.  These suppliers, acting as independent data controllers, may contact you as necessary to obtain additional information about you, facilitate your travel reservation including communicating with you prior to arrival about your upcoming  stay, or respond to a review you may submit in accordance with their own independent privacy policies.
Third Party Service Providers
who provide data processing services to us (for example web hosting), or  who otherwise process personal data for purposes such as credit card and  payment processing, business analytics, customer service, marketing, or  distribution of surveys, to facilitate the delivery of online services and  advertising tailored to your interests, and/or fraud prevention (which includes the use of Google reCAPTCHA subject to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use). We may share on-way hashed information with third-party partners who may combine hashed information with other identifiers to facilitate the delivery of business analytics on advertising effectiveness. Our third-party service providers will only process information as needed to perform  their functions. They are not permitted to share or use the information for any  other purpose.
Business Partners
with whom we may jointly offer products or  services, or whose products or services may be offered on our Sites. You can  tell when a third-party business partner is involved in a product or service  you have requested because their name will appear, either alone or with ours.  If you choose to access these optional services, we will on occasion share your  personal data with those partners. Examples of business partners would be (i) a third-party loyalty program that you will earn points for, through a  booking, or (ii) a third-party tour or activity provider that we share information within connection with tours/activities you book through our Site.
Our Affiliated Group Companies
- our affiliated (group) companies who have  access to this information with our permission and who need to know or have  access to this information in order to: perform the service requested by you  (including to make, administer, and manage Travel reservations or handle payments, "single  sign-on", and customer service);  analyze  how you use our independent and affiliated platforms, improve and provide new  and personalized offers, products and services, and marketing; the exchange of your information with Booking Holdings Group companies in ordr to detect, prevent,  and investigate fraudulent transactions and/or activities, other illegal  activities, and data breaches; internal (audit/compliance) investigations; or  as otherwise required or permitted by applicable law.
Where Required or Permitted by Law
- such as to protect ourselves against liability, to respond to subpoenas, judicial processes, legitimate requests, warrants or equivalent by law enforcement officials or authorities, to investigate fraud or other wrongdoing or as otherwise required or necessary in order to comply with applicable law, protect our legitimate interests or to the purchasers in connection with any sale, assignment, or other transfer of all or a part of our business or company. We may also, in compliance with applicable law, disclose your information to enforce or apply the terms and conditions applicable to our services or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Agoda, our users, or others.
Business Reorganization
- such as part of any sale, assignment or other transfer of our business, or transition of service to another provider. We will ask for your consent if required by applicable law.
We provide appropriate protections for such sharing as required by applicable law to prohibit third parties from using your information for their own purposes, and to address the security and confidentiality of your information. Except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy or as required or permitted by applicable law, we will not disclose your information to third parties without your consent.
5. Country-Specific  Privacy Rights
US Residents (non-California)
We collect, use, and disclose Personal Data as described in the other sections of this Privacy Policy.
Depending on the  state where you reside, you may have specific rights under local state  legislation to:
(i) request access  (right to know) to your Personal Data, such as the Personal Data that we have  collected about you;
(ii) request  rectification (correction) of your Personal Data;
(iii) request erasure  (deletion) of your Personal Data;
(iv) request  restriction of processing of your Personal Data;
(v) request data  portability (port your Personal Data);
(vi) opt out of certain  sales, sharing, and targeted advertising;
(vii) object to the  processing of your Personal Data, including opting out of automated  decision-making, including profiling, with significant legal effect;
(viii) request the  Personal Data about you that we have "sold" (as such term is defined  under applicable law), shared, or disclosed for a business purpose within the  past 12 months; and
(ix) appeal a decision  to decline a request.
Please contact us
Customer Support page
or at privacy@agoda.com to exercise such rights. You may also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. Please note that, in order to provide appropriate security to your information, we may require additional data points or information from you in order to verify your identity prior to completing certain requests related to your Personal Data (e.g., requiring the matching of two or three data points provided by you with information maintained by Agoda).In some states, you can designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. We will comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and as required by applicable law. Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes, to complete any transactions that you began prior to your request, or for other purposes as required or permitted by applicable law. In any event, should you choose to exercise any of your rights as detailed above, we will not discriminate against you based solely on your request.
In certain jurisdictions, if we refuse to take action on a request, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us as outlined below in the “Contact Us” section and specifying you wish to appeal. Within 45 days, we will inform you in writing of any action take or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decision. If the appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to the appropriate regulatory authority for your jurisdiction. To protect your privacy and security, we will verify your identity before responding to such request and may request you to provide us with information matching the identifiers and commercial information already maintained by Agoda about you or additional proof where necessary. If you are making this request on behalf of someone else, we may request the authorized agent provide us with a copy of a valid power of attorney or evidence of the written authorization.
California Residents
If you are a resident of California, we are require by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), as amended by the Consumer Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”) (collectively, "California Privacy Law") to provide you with information about how we use and disclose your Personal Information, and you may have certain rights with regard to your Personal Information. We have included this California-specific information below
CA Personal Data
. Consistent with the "
Information       We Collect
" section above, we may collect and process certain categories of       information about California residents ("CA Personal Data"), such as:
Identifiers
: name, address, phone number, e-mail address, passport details, Agoda account password, IP address, device ID, cookie ID, information collected        via Cookies;
Commercial Information
: payment card details, name of and details about your        accommodation, services purchased, search preferences, transaction        history, demographic information;
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity
: browser, operating system, application        version, pages shown;
Geolocation Data:
precise location of your mobile device or images uploaded from your        mobile device;
Audio Information:
we        may record your calls to our support team with your permission;
Inferences
: drawn from the information collected; and
Other Information:
information associated with a tour or activity booking, including your passport details, date of birth, height and weight, pick-up location, your preferred tour/activity language, and information about any special requirements that we need to consider in connection with your participation in the respective tour/activity.
CA Sensitive Personal Information.
Certain CA Personal Data that we collect about you may be considered Sensitive Personal data within the meaning of California Privacy Law, including passport details (for transactional purposes), payment card information (for billing and transactional purposes in connection with Travel or other ancillary services purchased), and precise geolocation information (for providing services). Agoda only uses and discloses Sensitive Personal data as necessary in connection with the performance of services and the provision of goods, compliance with federal, state, or local laws, and as otherwise permitted by California Privacy Law.
Sources of CA Personal Data
. Consistent with the "
Information We Collect
" section above, we may collect personal data directly from you, as       well as from Travel Suppliers, Accommodation Partners, Business Partners (including social media), and our Affiliated Group Companies.
Use of CA Personal Data.
We process your personal data for the business and commercial purposes
consistent with the
"How We Use the Information We Collect"
section above.
Disclosure of CA Personal Data.
Disclosure of Personal CA Personal Data for Business Purposes:
We disclose the        following categories of personal data for business purposes: Identifiers,        Commercial Information, Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity,        Geolocation Data, Audio Information, and Other Information to web hosting, payment card and payment        processing, business analytics, customer service, and business partners.
Disclosure of CA Personal Data for Commercial Purposes:
We disclose the following categories of personal data for commercial purposes: Identifiers  (specifically, preferences and interests on our Site, collected via Cookies to advertising technology providers and, in limited instances, email addresses in hashed format, to social media companies, marketing, and survey service providers.) These are sharing activities that are considered a sale under California Privacy Law.
Retention of CA Personal Data
.  We retain your personal data consistent with the "
Data Retention
" section below.
Your Rights under California Law:
Subject to certain exceptions detailed in California Law and other applicable laws and regulations, as a California resident you have the right to:
Request to know/access/rectify your CA Personal Information, including the specific pieces and the categories of CA Personal Information we have collected or shared about you and the categories of sources from which we have collected the CA Personal Information;
Request deletion of your CA Personal Information;
Receive information about the CA Personal Information about you that we have "sold" to (as such term is defined under California Law) or “shared” with third parties within the past 12 months, including the categories of third parties;
Limit the processing of Sensitive Data, as defined by California Privacy Law;
Opt-out of the “Sale” or “sharing” of your CA Personal Information, as such terms are defined under California Privacy Law; and
Not be discriminated against for exercising any of the above rights.
Authorized Agent.
You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under California law on your behalf in certain circumstances. If you use an authorized agent for this purpose, we may ask you to verify your identity or that you provided the authorized agent signed permission to submit a request on your behalf. If you provide an authorized agent with power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465, it may not be necessary to perform these steps, and we will respond to any request from such authorized agent in accordance with California law.
Notice of Financial Incentive.
To the extent Agoda engages in financial incentives in connection with sweepstakes, loyalty programs, competitions, or other activities, we will provide information describing the material terms of the program and will obtain opt-in consent from users before they participate. Users can opt-out from a program at any time by following the instructions provided in such terms.
Right to Appeal Your Rights Requests
. You have the right to appeal our refusal to take action on your request. To exercise this right, you may submit your appeal in writing by contacting privacy@agoda.com. If your request to exercise your data subject rights is rejected, you will receive a notification with the details of reason for rejection and instructions about how to make an appeal. We will respond to you within 45 days of your appeal submission. If your appeal is denied, you may contact the Attorney General of your respective states to submit a complaint by visiting the relevant Attorney General’s website to complete an online consumer complaint form.
To protect your privacy and security, we will verify your identity before responding to such request and may request you to provide us with information matching the identifiers and commercial information already maintained by Agoda about you or additional proof where necessary. If you are making this request on behalf of someone else, we may request the authorized agent provide us with a copy of a valid power of attorney or evidence of the written authorization. You will not be penalized for exercising your rights.
China Privacy Notice
If you are a Chinese resident, please note the following regarding the cross-border transfer/sharing of your information.
Disclosure / Transfer of Information
We will maintain the confidentiality of your information, but may provide or transfer your information to third parties as detailed above under "
Sharing Your Information
" section, which may include transferring your information to persons to whom we are required to make disclosures to under applicable law within or outside China.
Transfer of Information Overseas
We will generally maintain your information on servers in Hong Kong and Singapore, or any other data centers outside the PRC. However, we may transfer your information to third parties mentioned above who may be located outside the China.
Brazil Privacy Notice
Under Brazilian law, we must collect, process and store CPF numbers  (tax IDs) of Brazilian nationals or residents if you pay in BRL on  our Site. The value of your transaction with us and your CPF number will be  shared with our external payment processor for disclosure to the Brazilian  Central Bank. We will otherwise retain your CPF number for the duration  mentioned in this Privacy Policy and collect and process your information  respecting the rules of the Personal Data Protection Law (Brazilian Federal Law  No. 13,709/2018). By proceeding with the booking reservation and accepting our  Privacy Policy you express your consent to the treatment of your personal data  for the determined purposes.
India Privacy Notice
Under  Indian law, we must collect, process and store PAN numbers (tax IDs) of Indian  nationals or residents in relation to any overseas payments made on our Site.  The value of your transaction with us and your PAN number will be shared with  our external payment processor for disclosure to the authorised dealer bank. We  will otherwise retain your PAN number for the duration mentioned in this  Privacy Policy and collect and process your information respecting Indian law.  By proceeding with the booking reservation and accepting our Privacy Policy you  express your consent to the treatment of your personal data for the determined  purposes.
Japan Privacy Notice
Under Japanese privacy law, you may have the right to request further information about our personal data processing, for example, requesting further information about our security control measures, the procedures for exercising your privacy rights and our representative details. If you would like to request this information, please reach out to privacy@agoda.com with “Japan Privacy Request” in the subject line.
Turkey Privacy Notice
If you are a Turkish resident, the processing of your personal data will be subject to Law No. 6698 on Protection of Personal Data of Turkey (“Turkish Data Protection Law”). In this regard, the following terms apply to you, and in the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the rest of the policy, the following terms shall prevail.
Your rights:
According to Article 11 of the Turkish Data Protection Law, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
the right to learn whether we process your personal data
the right to request information with regard to such processing, if we process your personal data
the right to learn the purposes of the processing and whether they are used for such purpose or not
the right to know the third parties within or outside the country, to whom we transfer your personal data
the right to request correction of incomplete or inaccurate personal data
the right to request deletion or destruction of your personal data under the conditions set forth in Article 7 of the Turkish Data Protection Law
the right to request that we notify the third parties, to whom we transferred your personal data, about the correction, deletion and/or destruction of your personal data per your request within the scope of the foregoing two items
the right to object to the negative results about you that are due to the analysis of your personal data processed solely by automated means
the right to claim indemnification for damages incurred due to illegal processing of your personal data
Special Categories of Personal Information:
We rely on your explicit consent to process your special categories of personal information as defined under Turkish Data Protection Law in the absence of other applicable legal grounds.
Cookies:
If you live in Turkey, we rely on your explicit consent (opt-in consent) when processing your personal data through non-essential (i.e. Non-Functional Cookies as explained under "Cookies") cookies.
Marketing Communications
: Under E-Commerce Law No. 6563 and secondary legislation, as a service provider, we rely on your explicit consent (opt-in consent) when sending marketing communications to you.
International Data Transfers
: In the event that we transfer your personal data to third parties in countries other than Turkey, we will comply with the requirements under the Turkish Data Protection Law, including obtaining your explicit consent, where and if necessary.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Privacy Notice
Cross border data transfer:
We may transfer personal data outside of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. In such cases, transfers are  in reference to applicable data protection laws, including the Personal Data Protection Law in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, promulgated by Royal Decree No. M/19 of 9/2/1443H.
Complaint to the SDAIA:
If you are not satisfied with how we process your complaint, or if we fail to respond, you can file a complaint to the Saudi Data and Artificial Intelligence Authority (SDAIA). The contact details of the SDAIA can be found on their website (www.sdaia.gov.sa) and on the National Data Governance Platform (dgp.sdaia.gov.sa)
6. Cookies
Our Site may use and  allow third parties to place cookies (session and persistent), pixels/tags,  SDKs, application program interfaces ("
APIs
"), and other tracking technologies (collectively, "
Cookies
") on our Site that may collect  and store certain information about you. Some of these Cookies are necessary to  provide, secure, and maintain the basic functions of the Site, such as to keep  you logged in while your visit our Site (“
Functional  Cookies
”), while other Cookies are used to provide you with a better user  experience, such as:
To personalize the Site by remembering information about your activities on the Site (e.g., the language you selected or your log-in details). We may also use Cookies together with other automatically collected  usage information to recognize a user across different devices, sessions or  browsers (including when they have not logged-in) so as to deliver tailored  information;
Perform non-essential website  analytics, such as impression reporting, demographic reporting and interest  reporting. This may include the recording of mouse clicks, movements, page  scrolling and restricted text entered into our Site forms through selected  third parties but we will take sufficient precautions to ensure that personal  data will not be collected during such recordings e.g. through the  adoption of irreversible masking. Website analytics is used to improve our Site  and services; and
To provide you  advertising tailored to your interest (collectively, “
Non-Functional Cookies
”).
Our use of Functional Cookies  and Non-Functional Cookies is subject to geographic implementation as detailed  below.
EU/UK Site Visitors
For individuals that  access our Site from within the European Union (“
EU
”) or the United Kingdom (“
UK
”)  (“
EU/UK Site Visitors
”), we may use  Functional Cookies on the Site.
We do not use  Non-Functional Cookies on the Site that we offer within the EU or the UK.
Non-EU/UK Site Visitors
For individuals that  access our Site from a jurisdiction outside of the EU and the UK (“
Non-EU/UK Site Visitors
”), we may use  both Functional Cookies and Non-Functional Cookies on the Site. In addition,  below we have provided information for Non-EU/UK Site Visitors specific to our  use of Non-Functional Cookies on the Site that we offer outside of the EU and  the UK.
Interest Based Advertising
We may allow certain  third parties to place Non-Functional Cookies on our Site to collect  information about your online activities on our Site (e.g., pages visited on  the Site and searches you performed) and over time and across different  websites you may visit. This information is used to provide advertising  tailored to your interests from us (via email, on our Site, and on other  websites) and by third parties on other websites you may visit, also known as  interest based advertising, and to analyze the effectiveness of such interest  based advertising. We may also share one-way hashed information with third  party partners (e.g., Facebook) who may combine hashed information with other  identifiers in order to serve custom Agoda advertisements on other websites or  mobile apps based on your prior visits to the Site. Agoda neither supports nor  endorses the goals, causes, or statements of any websites or mobile apps that  display our advertisements.
Cross-Device Tracking
We may also combine information collected through Non-Functional  Cookies and certain usage information from a particular browser or mobile  device with another computer or device that may be linked to you (cross-device  tracking) to optimize our services and provide tailored Agoda  communications and advertisements to you. If you do not want Agoda to combine  such information for its optimization of communications to you please  unsubscribe from the Agoda communications i.e. the newsletter and adjust your mobile device settings.
Local Storage
In addition to cookies, our Site use local storage technologies like HTML5 local storage, session storage, and similar technologies to enhance your experience. Local storage allows us to store information directly on your device without expiration until explicitly deleted, whereas session storage is deleted automatically once the browsing session ends or when the app is closed. This data helps us remember your preferences, optimize performance, and provide enhanced functionalities.
You have full control over the data stored in local storage. To manage or delete the data, you can use your browser's built-in developer tools or your app’s storage settings.
Your Choices
Please review your  Internet browser settings, typically under the sections "Help" or "Internet  Options," to exercise choices you have for certain Functional Cookies and  Non-Functional Cookies. If you disable or delete certain Functional Cookies or  Non-Functional Cookies in your Internet browser settings, you might not be able  to access or use important functions or features of this Site, and you may be  required to re-enter your log-in details.
To learn more about certain Non-Functional Cookies used for interest  based advertising (including through cross-device tracking) and to exercise  certain opt-out choices you may have regarding such Non-Functional Cookies,  please visit the
Digital Advertising Alliance
,
Network Advertising Initiative
, or
Digital Advertising Alliance-Canada
, or  for our mobile app, by updating your device settings or downloading the  AppChoices app.
Please also visit the following third parties' websites to exercise certain opt-out choices over Cookies and other use of your data by these parties:
Google Analytics -
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Appsflyer (mobile app analytics) - By emailing appsflyer at:
privacy@appsflyer.com
Baidu -
http://www.baidu.com/duty/safe_control.html
Apple -
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
Meta-
https://www.facebook.com/ads/settings
Google Ads -
https://adssettings.google.com/
Criteo -
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
Mouseflow recording -
https://mouseflow.com/opt-out/
SecuredTouch -
https://www.securedtouch.com/privacy/
By exercising such  choices regarding interest-based advertising, you may still receive  advertisements, but the network from which you opted out will no longer deliver  ads tailored to your interests. You should also know that logging out of your user account does not  actually mean that you opt out of personalized advertisements.
You may need to make such choices on each browser and device you  may use to exercise choice regarding certain Functional Cookies and  Non-Functional Cookies. Lastly, at this time the Site is not configured to  honor browsers' "Do Not Track" signals, except where required by  applicable law.
7. Marketing Channels and Opting Out of Marketing Communications from Us
Subject to your choices, the marketing channels we may use to communicate with you are email, SMS, mobile messaging apps (e.g., WhatsApp, Line, Messenger), push notifications when you have installed the Agoda app on your device and interest based advertising delivered through our Site and third party websites or mobile apps. The marketing channels we use to communicate with you will depend on your choices such as the communication platforms you use and, where applicable, if you have opted to join an Agoda group for that channel. Our ability to communicate with you through one of these marketing channels may also depend on the settings you have in place for the channel.
You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time by using the "Unsubscribe" link or opt out mechanism in our marketing communication channels,  through your device settings, or through your Agoda account (depending on the channel you are trying to opt-out from).
8. International Transfers
In connection with the purposes described above, your information may be stored in locations outside of your home country, which may have different standards of data protection than your home country. We provide appropriate protections for cross-border transfers as required by law for international data transfers, including information transferred to third parties, and where necessary, we may also obtain your consent. With respect to such transfers from the European Economic Area ("
EEA
") to the United States and other non-EEA jurisdictions, we may rely on the EU Model Clauses and/or the need to process your information in order to provide the requested services (performance of a contract) to transfer your information. As permitted by applicable law, you may request details about the suitable safeguards we have in place by contacting us as detailed below. For Chinese residents, please see the details provided above under "
China Privacy Rights
." For Turkish residents, please refer to "
Turkey Privacy Rights
".
9. Information from Other Partners
On occasion, affiliated entities, business partners, or other third party providers may share information with us. One example is if you access or sign in to our Site through social media, such as Facebook Connect, we may collect information from you such as your username, and other information made available to us via such services, or – another example – your credit card issuer might, via Visa or Mastercard, provide us with your new card details, when the card we have on file is replaced. In general, your ability to provide such information is through the service provider themselves and you can change those settings in your account settings of the relevant service provider. In general, we may work with our partners to improve and personalize your use of our website in accordance with this policy. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy and cookie policies of any third party services you access.
10. Security
We maintain reasonable physical, electronic, and organizational security measures to protect your information against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, or unauthorized disclosure or access. We use Secure Socket Layer technology to encrypt credit card information during transit. Through your personal account, you also have the ability to save credit card details for faster future bookings and payments. Your card details are encrypted and you can always log in to your personal account to delete, edit, or add certain credit card details. For security reasons, the number cannot be edited (but the card details can be deleted). When viewing card details, only the last 4 digits of the number will be visible. Please note that we will store the last 4 digits of your credit card securely upon any booking made (this is required to manage any refund requests for that booking).
In line with this policy and our Terms of Use, you are responsible for what data and content you submit to us and what you do with your Agoda Account, including taking reasonable measures to make your account secure.
Data Retention
We will retain your personal data, including Sensitive Personal Data, for as long as   necessary to provide and secure our Sites and services, and to exercise our legal rights, protect our or other’s interests, and comply with our legal or regulatory obligations. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. When Agoda no longer needs to use your information, we will – unless we need to keep your information to comply with applicable legal or regulatory obligations or the information is required to carry out corporate tasks and conduct our business – remove it from our systems and records where feasible, and/or deactivate it or take other reasonable steps to properly anonymize it so that you can no longer be identified from it.
11.Exercising your Data Subject Rights
You can easily correct your account name, the booking holder name  (subject to the cancellation policy attached to the booking) and contact number  at any time by signing in to your account on the website. Alternatively, please contact us via our
Customer Support page
or at
privacy@agoda.com
to exercise any of the following rights:
Access
: You are entitled at any time to obtain information about your personal data that we store, in accordance with applicable law and without any fee. However, in exceptional cases we ask you to pay reasonable fees before we provide the information if permitted by applicable law.
Rectification
: You may request that we rectify any of your personal data that is incomplete or incorrect.
Deletion:
You may request that we delete your account.
Restrictions of Processing
: You may ask us to cease processing of your  personal data for example if you have objected to the processing and the  existence of legitimate grounds is still under consideration.
Objection
: You may object, at any time, to your personal data  being processed for direct marketing purposes.
Right to Revoke Consent
: You have the right to withdraw your consent  at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of our processing based on such  consent before it was withdrawn.
Data Portability
: If applicable, you may request us to send you your personal  data which we store, in a commonly used and machine readable format  which shall be decided at our sole discretion.
Right to opt-out of profiling/ automated decision making:
You may have the right to opt out of processing of your personal information for purposes of profiling or automated decision making that produce legal or significant effects
.
For other country specific rights please see "Country-Specific Privacy Rights” section above.
To protect your privacy and security, we will verify your identity before responding to such request, and your request will be answered within a reasonable timeframe. We may not be able to allow you to access certain personal data in some cases e.g. if your personal data is connected with personal data of other persons, or for legal reasons. In such cases, we will provide you with an explanation why you cannot obtain this information. We may also deny your request for deletion or rectification of your personal data if you have future/ongoing service with us or due to statutory provisions, especially those affecting our accounting processes, processing of claims, for fraud detection or prevention purposes, and mandatory data retention, which may prohibit deletion or anonymization. This includes retaining your personal data for a period of 120 days after your last checkout to handle any post-booking matters such as in the case of complaints or claims, for fraud prevention, trade sanction reasons, legal claims or requests.
12. Updates to Privacy Policy
On occasion, Agoda may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law, our information collection and use practices, the features of our Site, or advances in technology. If we make revisions that change the way we collect or use your information, those changes will be posted in this Privacy Policy and the effective date will be noted at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. Therefore, you should review this Privacy Policy periodically so that you are up to date on our most current policies and practices. Agoda will also prominently post such material changes prior to implementing the change, and ask for your consent if required by law.
13. Links to Third Party Websites
We may provide links to other websites that are not owned or operated by us ("
Third Party Websites
"). When you use a link online to visit a Third Party Website, you will be subject to that website’s privacy and security practices, which may differ from ours. You should familiarize yourself with the privacy policy, terms of use and security practices of the linked Third Party Website before providing any information on that website.
14. Additional Considerations
A Special Note About Minors
Our Site is not directed to minors under the age of 18. Where required by applicable law, we may ask for certain information about children from parents or guardians to process a booking or provide other services. If you are a parent, and believe we may have inadvertently collected personal data from a minor, please notify us, and we will remove that personal data and unsubscribe that minor from any of our electronic marketing lists. Minors can normally accompany their parent(s) or legal custodian(s) who have booked an accommodation, unless prohibited by Travel Suppliers' policies.
Language
This Privacy Policy has originally been drawn up in the English language. Translations in other languages are available for your convenience. In case of conflict between the English language version and a translated version, the English language version shall prevail.
Terms of Use
Please review the Agoda
Terms of Use
for more details on using our Site. This Privacy Policy forms an integral part of our Terms of Use.
15. Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact our Agoda Data Governance Officer by email at
privacy@agoda.com
or by sending a registered letter to the address at:
Agoda Company Pte. Ltd.
c/o Data Governance Officer
36 Robinson Road
#20-01 City House
Singapore 068877
If you reside in the  EU, you may also contact our local representative, Agoda International Hungary Kft., 1062 Budapest Teréz körút 55-57 Hungary, or your local data protection  authority with any questions or complaints about our privacy practices.
If you reside in Thailand, you may also contact our local  representative, Agoda Services Co., Ltd. (Head Office) 999/9 Rama 1 Road The  Offices at Central World, Patumwan, Bangkok 10330, Thailand or your local data protection  authority with any questions or complaints about our privacy practices.
If you reside in Türkiye, you may also contact our data controller representative, Esin Avukatlık Ortaklığı, resident at Akat Mahallesi, Gül Sokak No:2/1 Beşiktaş / İSTANBUL.  Please note that Esin Attorney Partnership only represents us for your requests within the scope of this Privacy Policy and the Law on Protection of Personal Data No. 6698. Therefore, we kindly ask you to reach out to Esin Attorney Partnership only for your questions and complaints regarding the protection of your personal data. If you have any questions and/or concerns about your reservations, cancellations, payments and refunds, you can always reach out to us via Customer Support page.
If you reside in  South Korea, you may also contact our resident representative in South Korea  whose contact details are as follows:
Kim, Choi & Lim (Representative: Won-Hyun Choi, Esq.)
Resident Representative: Boseong Kim, Esq., Korea Coal Center, 10th Floor, 58  Jongno-5-gil (Susong-dong), Jongno-gu, Seoul, 03151, Korea
Telephone:   02-721-4000
E-Mail:        privacy@agoda.com
***
Manage Cookie Preference
Agoda only uses cookies and other tracking technologies that are strictly necessary for functionality. We do not use analytical or marketing cookies. For more details, click
here
Dismiss
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/:
What does 2025 have in store for retail media? Check out the new “10 Trends” report.
Download the report
Platform
Back
Back
Platform
Advertising & monetization for marketers and media owners
Commerce Media Platform
The connected commerce media environment for the open internet
Commerce Growth
For marketers & agencies looking for automated acquisition & retention
Commerce Max
For brands & agencies looking for retail media on the open internet
Commerce Grid
For media owners, agencies, and retailers looking to connect media and commerce with programmatic
Commerce Yield
For retailers, marketplaces & commerce companies looking to control, scale, and maximize digital asset monetization
Back
Technology
Commerce-focused tech that maximizes outcomes
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
AI Engine
Removes the guesswork to save time and reach your KPIs
Predictive Bidding
Bids based on the predicted value of each user to save you money
Product Recommendations
Intent-based recommendations that drive more sales
Shopper Graph
Connects shopper IDs & commerce data to scale and optimize your campaigns
Solutions
Back
Back
Performance Media
Digital advertising solutions for every stage of the shopper journey
Customer Acquisition
Reach new people who are likely interested in you but don't know you yet
Customer Retention
Increase customer lifetime value from people who already know you
Dynamic Retargeting
Increase conversions from people who know you with personalized product ads
Audiences
Find and keep your next top customer with the largest commerce dataset
Video Advertising
Drive discovery and engagement with online video
Contextual Advertising
Level up your targeting by combining commerce data and contextual data
Back
Retail Media
Activation & monetization solutions for brands, agencies, and retailers
Retail Media
Reach and convert shoppers with relevant ads near the digital point of sale
Resources
Back
Back
General
Insights, education, Criteo updates, and more
Resource Center
Reports, guides, webinars, and more to inform your ad strategy
Blog
Fresh insights on commerce media and digital advertising
Success Stories
How others have realized their goals by partnering with Criteo
Consumer Trends
The latest consumer data for 20 countries and 600+ product categories
Glossary
Definitions of the most common digital advertising terminology
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
Help Center
FAQs, guides, and more to help you maximize your Criteo campaigns
Events
See where Criteo will be next
Back
Creative Formats
Ad formats and a gallery of real-world ad examples
Digital Ad Formats
Explore our ad formats for video, adaptive, rich media, and more
Ad Gallery
Real-world examples for a variety of formats, verticals, and regions
Dynamic Creative Optimization+
Real-time creative decisioning that scales to make sure your ads are seen
About
Back
Back
About
Company
Get to know Criteo
Investors
Information for investors
In the News
Press releases and mentions
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Our DEI pillars, goals, and more
Sustainability
Our approach for a sustainable future
Product Ethics
How we ensure ethical advertising
Trust Center
Our ad ethics, privacy, and security practices
Careers
Explore open opportunities
Search for:
Search
Select your Language
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Polski
Português
Pусский
한국어
中文
日本語
English
My Account
Contact Sales
Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
Disable Criteo services on Internet browsers
Disable Criteo services on mobile applications
How we use your data
How Criteo services work across environments
Your rights
Our partners
CCPA Privacy Policy
Welcome! This is where you can learn about Criteo, the technologies and services we offer to our partners, and our data collection and privacy policies.
Disable Criteo services
Our activity
Criteo helps brands, e-commerce sites and other advertisers (“Advertisers”) promote their products and services. We do that by enabling Advertisers to tailor their campaigns and/or offers to audiences that they want to reach with content that they wish to promote, which in turns means that you may receive advertising that may be of interest to you on the websites, mobile applications and other platforms of our partners (the “Publishers” or “Partners”).
How do our services work?
Criteo does not use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc.
When you browse an Advertiser’s website or mobile application that uses our technologies, that technology allows us to collect a limited amount of data relating to your browsing, such as the products you have viewed, put in your shopping cart and purchased.
Find out more about the type of data collected by Criteo
. This navigation data is linked to a unique identifier, namely an identification cookie or any other similar technology (such as mobile advertising identifiers and non-cookie technologies) depending on your navigation environment.
When you browse a Publisher’s website or mobile application that also uses our technologies, the Publisher notifies us, either directly or through an advertiser exchange, that an advertising space is available to offer you personalized advertising. The Criteo technology, working with our Advertisers, then may decide to purchase that advertising space.
The advertising you see from our partners when using our technology is based on our recommendation algorithms.
Practical example
Here is one way our technology allows us to provide you with ads that may be of interest to you:
When users visit an Advertiser website using our technologies, data relating to their browsing events are collected.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
The user with the cookie identifier 123f94d8-a745-4f8b-a1d0-bf6fbbd60058 (let’s name it “Criteo ID 123” for convenience) viewed product A on 01/01/2018 at 13:37 while browsing www.example-advertiser.com.
Our technologies compare these data with the aggregated data available on the Advertiser’s website.
Example of aggregated data available:
In general, users who purchased Product A on www.example-advertiser.com also purchased Product B on this website
In general, Product C is popular on this website
When users browse a Publisher website, we are informed of the availability of advertising spaces.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
An advertising space with the following characteristics (size, visibility, etc.) is available on www.example-publisher.com that the Criteo ID 123 is about to browse
Then our algorithms determine the relevance for buying the advertising space and displaying a personalized ad on it.
Example of decision that would be taken by Criteo: Buy the advertising space available on www.example-publisher.com and display an ad featuring the following products:
Product A, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 showed interest in it during a recent session
Product B, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 is likely to be interested in this product since he/she has viewed product A during a recent session
Product C, because this product is popular.
If you disable Criteo services, we will not display any personalized ads to you. On the other hand, the advertising space may be purchased by another company to display personalized or non-personalized ads. If you want to disable Criteo services,
click here
.
Please note that the use of our technologies on our partners’ websites and mobile applications is governed by their privacy policies, which can be accessed directly from their websites and/or mobile applications. We require them to provide you with complete and appropriate information and, to the extent required by law, to obtain your consent before any of your personal information is available to us.
Our technologies are able to work in a similar fashion:
on a webpage by relying on cookies, which are supported by most web browsers;
on a mobile application by relying on the mobile advertising ID provided by mobile operating system vendors (e. g. Google and Apple);
on an browser which default settings limit the use of third-party cookies and inter-site tracking, such as Safari, if you provide consent for our services to co-exist with these default settings;
and in a transversal way between the different environments listed above. Find out more about
how our services work from one environment to another (“cross-device linking”)
.
In order to provide you with ads that are better tailored to your interests, we may receive and process audience and segments information derived from the data you accepted to share with trusted third party partners. These partners may send us information regarding your shopping habits (e.g. interested in clothing, furniture or electronics), the points of interest that are near you based on non-precise geolocation information (e.g. stores that are geographically close to you) or the products you have been purchasing in a brick and mortar store of the advertisers that are using our services to manage their online marketing campaigns. In such case, Criteo will only process geolocation information and identifiers (such as cookie IDs and Mobile Advertising IDs) that do not allow us to know who you are.
We believe that the personalization of ads is beneficial to you and the Internet ecosystem in that it contributes to the promotion of a free and open Internet by allowing Publishers to monetize the content they create, while allowing you to benefit from ads that may be more interesting to you than non-personalized ads that would be displayed to you.
Our privacy pillars
We have developed our services and technologies taking great care to respect your privacy.
Data minimisation
We undertake never to use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc. Without ever being able to identify you personally, our technologies are able to recognize your devices and/or browsers on the basis of an identifier consisting of a series of characters (identifier contained in a cookie or other). However, these data are qualified as personal data by European regulations and personal information by Californian law. As such, they are the subject of our greatest vigilance in terms of security and respect for your privacy.
Privacy by design
Our product teams develop every feature with privacy in mind; it’s the cornerstone of Privacy by Design, Criteo’s long-standing practice and commitment to ensuring industry-leading privacy, security and safety for consumers and marketers.
Key elements include:
As required by the GDPR, we have had a designated Data Privacy Officer since 2013 along with a team of privacy experts.
These experts sit within the Product and R&D organization. They perform ongoing Privacy Impact Assessments to monitor potential risks during the product lifecycle and proactively mitigate those risks.
The Data Privacy team delivers company-wide privacy training, enforces codes of conduct, and is integral to ensuring that we build best-in-class products and services.
We regularly review and document our internal policies, amend existing privacy policies as necessary, and enforce these policies with our partners and vendors.
Criteo's commitments
Our ads do not require:
To collect data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, your postal address, or your email address in plain text.
To collect sensitive information (such as religion, political opinion, health or sexual orientation …) to create segments or target ads to users. For the sole purpose of serving ads on a Publisher’s properties that could possibly reveal sensitive information (eg. a medical website), we may collect the URL of the website or the name of the mobile application.
To collect irrevocable identifiers, such as the hardware identifiers of the devices you use (UDID or MAC address, etc.).
To collect data related to your precise geolocation in real time.
Criteo supports industry initiatives for greater transparency in personalized advertising
Criteo has been involved from an early stage in initiatives to promote greater transparency and user control over personalized advertising.
Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) self-regulatory principles for online behavioural advertising
and is integrated on the
DAA’s “YourAdChoices” unsubscription platform
, which gives you the opportunity to express your online advertising choices to all its participants, including your desire to disable their services.
European Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
self-regulatory principles of the European Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
. The Criteo Dynamic Retargeting service has been independently certified by the EDAA for data protection.
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
Criteo respects the
self-regulatory principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
and is present on the
DAAC’s unsubscribe platform “YourOnlineChoices”
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all its stakeholders, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
Network Advertising Initiative
Criteo adheres to the
codes of conduct of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
and is integrated with the
NAI unsubscription platform
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all the players involved, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
IAB Europe
Criteo participates in the
IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework
and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Criteo’s identification number within the framework is 91.
Criteo imposes a high level of requirements on its partners
We contractually require that the Advertisers and Publishers with whom we work to comply with the
Criteo Advertising Guidelines
and
Supply Partner Guidelines
, as well as with the various regulations applicable to the protection of personal data, and in particular the GDPR.
By using the Criteo Services, they undertake, where the applicable regulations require it:
to include on their websites and mobile applications the appropriate notice and information, allowing users to know more about our services and to object to them through this notice; and
to collect the consent of users prior to the placement of cookies or any similar technology for the purpose of displaying personalized advertisements.
In order to help our partners meet their legal and contractual obligations, we regularly share industry best practices with them.
Google’s Privacy Sandbox
We participate in testing the Google Privacy Sandbox, a set of technologies to enable digital advertising without using third-party cookies in Google Chrome. With your consent, and as part of the testing, Criteo may store and access data on your device or browser, including by setting new cookies, that
relates to your web browsing interests and to ad measurement. In accordance with applicable data protection laws, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time on this
page
. For more information about the Google Privacy Sandbox please see
https://privacysandbox.com/
.
Your data, your choice
Understand my rights
in relation to my personal data.
Learn more about
how we use your data
.
Disable Criteo services
.
Contact us
.
Changes to our privacy policy
Please note that we may update or change this privacy policy. If we revise our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and to other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any we disclose it. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective.
Last updated : 11/03/2022
Criteo Trend Tracker
Data & Insights to Know and Share
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Statistics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Preference Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Vendor Search
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
33Across
host description
View Cookies
Name
cookie name
This website uses cookies
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
more information
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All
Sub-policy 1
https://www.securedtouch.com/privacy/:
Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
4.pingidentity.com
app-sji.marketo.com
2
BIGipServer# [x2]
Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times.
4.pingidentity.com
app-sji.marketo.com
tracking.g2crowd.com
track.hubspot.com
press.pingidentity.com
prnewswire.com
techtarget.com
vimeo.com
ws.zoominfo.com
9
__cf_bm [x9]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
Atlassian
1
Learn more about this provider
atlassian.xsrf.token
Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor.
Beeswax
1
Learn more about this provider
checkForPermission
Determines whether the user has accepted the cookie consent box.
Ceros
2
Learn more about this provider
mobile-help-overlay
Required for functionality of the site when users need assistance.
testcookie
This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies.
Cision
1
Learn more about this provider
c
Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
1.gif
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
Github
2
Learn more about this provider
_gh_sess
Preserves users states across page requests.
logged_in
Registers whether the user is logged in. This allows the website owner to make parts of the website inaccessible, based on the user's log-in status.
Google
1
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
Hushly
1
Learn more about this provider
_hly_gvid
Necessary for functionality of the site.
LinkedIn
3
Learn more about this provider
bcookie
Pending
bscookie
This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example.
li_gc
Pending
app.hushly.com
contenu.pingidentity.com
fs26.formsite.com
hub.pingidentity.com
inhalte.pingidentity.com
nr-data.net
prod2.valuestoryapp.com
www.pingidentity.com
8
JSESSIONID [x8]
Preserves users states across page requests.
app.hushly.com
contenu.pingidentity.com
fs26.formsite.com
hub.pingidentity.com
www.pingidentity.com
inhalte.pingidentity.com
16
AWSALB [x8]
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
AWSALBCORS [x8]
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
apps.pingone.com
4
fe6665dc9ebdd93a4dbba3195269d29cfd7ab85c0f036b3208fb2e08947b7ba0
Pending
pos_ct
Pending
pos_tid
Pending
cookietest
This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box.
contenu.pingidentity.com
hub.pingidentity.com
inhalte.pingidentity.com
tag.hushly.com
5
_hly_sid [x5]
Necessary for functionality of the site.
cookiebot.com
www.pingidentity.com
20
CookieConsent [x20]
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
developer.pingidentity.com
www.googletagmanager.com
www.pingidentity.com
3
affinity [x3]
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
forgerock.administratelms.com
1
CloudFront-Policy
Improves website speed and implements content through a Content Delivery Network (CDN).
js.qualified.com
1
__q_state_4X7xehrb2zjbtVxy
Necessary for functionality of the application.
lms-api.administratehq.com
1
test
Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website.
pingidentity.com
2
LSKey-CoveoV2$coveo_visitorId
Pending
pic_sid
Enables a session ID to be stored for functionality of the site.
pingidentity.com
tag.hushly.com
4
_hly_vid [x4]
Necessary for functionality of the site.
press.pingidentity.com
1
__cfruid
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
s.go-mpulse.net
2
RT [x2]
This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example.
support.pingidentity.com
12
##communityApp ~ #/s ~ #
Enables a session information to be stored for functionality of the site.
ComponentDefStorage__MUTEX_Y
Enables a session information to be stored for functionality of the site.
CookieConsentPolicy
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
ErrorHistory#siteforce:communityApp
Enables errors to be logged for functionality of the site.
ErrorHistory#store
Enables errors to be logged for functionality of the site.
LSKey-c$CookieConsentPolicy
Determines whether the user has accepted the cookie consent box.
LSSIndex:LOCAL{"namespace":"CoveoV2"}
Pending
LSSIndex:SESSION{"namespace":"c"}
Enables a session ID to be stored for functionality of the site.
LSSNextSynthtic:LOCAL
Enables a session ID to be stored for functionality of the site.
LSSNextSynthtic:SESSION
Enables a session ID to be stored for functionality of the site.
pic_sid_sfdc
Enables a session ID to be stored for functionality of the site.
renderCtx
Necessary to facilitate client-side-rendering, which allows the website to place website scripts in the client’s browser.
vimeo.com
ws.zoominfo.com
2
_cfuvid [x2]
Pending
ws.zoominfo.com
1
visitorId
Preserves users states across page requests.
www.pingidentity.com
4
aem-rum
Core site functionality and monitoring.
fonts-loaded
Pending
gtmConfig
Pending
picLanguageCheck
Takes the user to the correct site for their language settings.
www.recaptcha.net
4
rc::a
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::b
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
rc::c
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
_GRECAPTCHA
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsentBulkSetting-#
Enables cookie consent across multiple websites
Drift
4
Learn more about this provider
DRIFT_SESSION_ID
Allows the website to recoqnise the visitor, in order to optimize the chat-box functionality.
DRIFT_SESSION_STARTED
Stores a unique ID string for each chat-box session. This allows the website-support to see previous issues and reconnect with the previous supporter.
DRIFT_visitCounts
Determines the number of visits of the specific visitor. This is used in order to make the chat-box function more relevant.
driftt_aid
Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function.
LinkedIn
1
Learn more about this provider
lidc
Pending
backstage.forgerock.com
1
wistia-video-progress-#
Contains a timestamp for the website’s video-content. This allows the user to resume watching without having to start over, if the user leaves the video or website.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Github
1
Learn more about this provider
_octo
Pending
Google
21
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_ga [x7]
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_ga_# [x5]
Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit.
_gat [x3]
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
_gid [x5]
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
originalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
Hotjar
11
Learn more about this provider
hjActiveViewportIds
This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience.
hjViewportId [x2]
Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website.
_hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress
This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice.
_hjFirstSeen
This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website.
_hjIncludedInPageviewSample
Used to detect whether the user navigation and interactions are included in the website’s data analytics.
_hjIncludedInSessionSample_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjRecordingLastActivity
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
_hjSession_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjSessionUser_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjTLDTest
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
Hubspot
4
Learn more about this provider
__hssc
Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser.
__hssrc
Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website.
__hstc
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
hubspotutk
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
LinkedIn
3
Learn more about this provider
AnalyticsSyncHistory
Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service.
ln_or [x2]
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
Microsoft
6
Learn more about this provider
c.gif
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
CLID
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
_clck
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
_clsk
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
_cltk [x2]
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
Twitter Inc.
1
Learn more about this provider
personalization_id
This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile.
Vimeo
1
Learn more about this provider
vuid
Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read.
backstage.forgerock.com
1
wistia
Used by the website to track the visitor's use of video-content - The cookie roots from Wistia, which provides video-software to websites.
cdn.calibermind.com
cdn.segment.com
cdn.metarouter.io
3
ajs_anonymous_id [x3]
This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice.
cdn.segment.com
cdn.calibermind.com
2
ajs_anonymous_id [x2]
This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website.
js.qualified.com
1
__q_domainTest
Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes.
pingidentity.com
1
originalSource
Pending
support.pingidentity.com
3
1
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
2
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
number(#)
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
www.cvent-assets.com
2
_dd_s
Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing.
dd_cookie_test_#
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
www.pingidentity.com
1
ziwsSession
Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
www.pingidentity.com
ws.zoominfo.com
2
ziwsSessionId [x2]
Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
4
Learn more about this provider
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
_fbp [x2]
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Appnexus
4
Learn more about this provider
anj
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
receive-cookie-deprecation
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
uuid2
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
XANDR_PANID
This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance.
Beeswax
2
Learn more about this provider
bito
Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers.
bitoIsSecure
Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
BrightTalk
2
Learn more about this provider
_boomr_akamaiXhrRetry
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
ga_clientId
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
Brightcove
1
Learn more about this provider
v2/tracker
Used in context with video-advertisement. The cookie limits the number of times a user is shown the same advertisement. The cookie is also used to ensure relevance of the video-advertisement to the specific user.
Cision
1
Learn more about this provider
c/img/1x1.gif
Pending
Drift
3
Learn more about this provider
drift_aid
Sets a unique ID for the specific user. This allows the website to target the user with relevant offers through its chat functionality.
drift_campaign_refresh
Sets a unique ID for the specific user. This allows the website to target the user with relevant offers through its chat functionality.
DRIFT_SESSION_CAMPAIGNS
Used to determine when and where certain pop-ups on the website should be presented for the user and remember whether the user has closed these, to keep them from showing multiple times.
G2Crowd
1
Learn more about this provider
_session_id
Stores visitors' navigation by registering landing pages - This allows the website to present relevant products and/or measure their advertisement efficiency on other websites.
Google
8
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
IDE
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
pagead/landing [x2]
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
ads/ga-audiences
Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites.
NID
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
_gcl_au [x2]
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
Hotjar
1
Learn more about this provider
_hjRecordingEnabled
This cookie is used to identify the visitor and optimize ad-relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites – this exchange of visitor data is normally provided by a third-party data-center or ad-exchange.
Hubspot
1
Learn more about this provider
__ptq.gif
Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
LinkedIn
1
Learn more about this provider
UserMatchHistory
Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor.
Marketo
1
Learn more about this provider
_mkto_trk
Contains data on visitor behaviour and website interaction. This is used in context with the email marketing service Marketo.com, which allows the website to target visitors via email.
MediMath
1
Learn more about this provider
uuid
Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as what pages have been loaded. The registered data is used for targeted ads.
Microsoft
19
Learn more about this provider
MR [x2]
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
MUID [x2]
Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains.
SRM_B
Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services.
ANONCHK
Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites.
SM
Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads.
_uetsid [x2]
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
_uetsid [x2]
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetsid_exp [x2]
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
_uetvid [x2]
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetvid [x2]
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetvid_exp [x2]
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
Sitescout.com
2
Learn more about this provider
up/298a880519491d80
Pending
up/8ecd005b5e433ceb
Pending
Twitter Inc.
4
Learn more about this provider
i/adsct [x2]
The cookie is used by Twitter.com in order to determine the number of visitors accessing the website through Twitter advertisement content.
muc_ads
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
i/jot/embeds
Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers.
YouTube
22
Learn more about this provider
#-#
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Pending
iU5q-!O9@$
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
nextId
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
remote_sid
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
requests
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
TESTCOOKIESENABLED
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
YSC
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
yt.innertube::nextId
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
YtIdbMeta#databases
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt-remote-cast-available
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-cast-installed
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-connected-devices
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-device-id
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-fast-check-period
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-app
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-name
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
b.6sc.co
2
6suuid
Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting.
v1/beacon/img.gif
Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes.
cdn.calibermind.com
1
ajs_user_id
This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences.
cdn.calibermind.com
cdn.segment.com
cdn.metarouter.io
3
ajs_user_id [x3]
Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor.
cdn.forgerock.com
1
collect
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
cdn.metarouter.io
3
ajs_group_id
Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient.
ajs_group_properties
Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient.
ajs_user_traits
Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient.
cdn.segment.com
cdn.calibermind.com
2
__tld__ [x2]
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
j.6sc.co
14
_gd_session [x7]
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
_gd_visitor [x7]
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
j.6sc.co
www.googletagmanager.com
2
_6senseCompanyDetails [x2]
Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes.
support.pingidentity.com
4
ComponentDefStorage__MUTEX_X
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
GlobalValueProviders__MUTEX_X
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
GlobalValueProviders__MUTEX_Y
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
pctrk
Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes.
up.pixel.ad
1
cntr_attr
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
www.cvent-assets.com
1
dd_site_test_#-#-#-#-#
Pending
www.recaptcha.net
1
rc::f
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
Unclassified
184
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
BrightTalk
1
Learn more about this provider
anonConversationId
Pending
Ceros
2
Learn more about this provider
domain_tracker/bdo/#
Pending
experience_tracker/bdo/#
Pending
Cvent
1
Learn more about this provider
registration-997bd7bf-a430-42f3-9972-f2eada905a91
Pending
Google
1
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_gcl_ls
Pending
Hushly
5
Learn more about this provider
_hly_root_domain_test_developer_pingidentity_com [x2]
Pending
_hly_root_domain_test_www_pingidentity_com [x2]
Pending
_hly.variations
Pending
TechTarget
1
Learn more about this provider
a/gif.gif
Pending
apps.pingone.com
2
pos_cie
Pending
pos_ec
Pending
backstage.forgerock.com
1
fr_backstage_university_prod
Pending
cdn-docs.pingidentity.com
1
coveo-recent-queries
Pending
cdn.forgerock.com
35
amUrl
Pending
defaultPingScopes
Pending
defaultScopes
Pending
ds_path
Pending
dsAdminDN
Pending
dsBasePath
Pending
dsDockerBase
Pending
dsHost
Pending
dsHostnameDsFqdn
Pending
dsHostnameNewRsFqdn
Pending
dsHostnameRemoteServerFqdn
Pending
dsHostnameRemovedRsFqdn
Pending
dsHostnameReplicaFqdn
Pending
dsHostnameRs2Fqdn
Pending
dsHostnameRsFqdn
Pending
dsProxyBasePath
Pending
dsReplicaBasePath
Pending
dsUid
Pending
dsWindowsBasePath
Pending
frDocsEditables
Pending
loginJourney
Pending
mobileOAuth2Redirect
Pending
myVarName
Pending
pathTo
Pending
revokeResource
Pending
sdkAicCookieName
Pending
sdkCookieName
Pending
sdkDemoUser
Pending
sdkLocalhost
Pending
sdkNativeClientId
Pending
sdkOAuth2Redirect
Pending
sdkPublicClientId
Pending
sdkRealmPath
Pending
serverUrl
Pending
viteRedirect
Pending
contenu.pingidentity.com
1
hly_copilot_state_u69lt76od8vt9niupsd1kmltbm
Pending
contenu.pingidentity.com
hub.pingidentity.com
inhalte.pingidentity.com
3
_hly_mode [x3]
Pending
developer.pingidentity.com
www.pingidentity.com
2
pic_productStatusCache [x2]
Pending
docs.pingidentity.com
97
filter-inherited
Pending
filter-private
Pending
filter-protected
Pending
tsd-accordion-auth
Pending
tsd-accordion-auth$enums
Pending
tsd-accordion-auth$interfaces
Pending
tsd-accordion-config
Pending
tsd-accordion-config$constants
Pending
tsd-accordion-config$enums
Pending
tsd-accordion-config$helpers
Pending
tsd-accordion-config$interfaces
Pending
tsd-accordion-device-client
Pending
tsd-accordion-device-client$device.store
Pending
tsd-accordion-device-client$services
Pending
tsd-accordion-device-client$types
Pending
tsd-accordion-device-client$types$bound-device.types
Pending
tsd-accordion-device-client$types$oath.types
Pending
tsd-accordion-device-client$types$profile-device.types
Pending
tsd-accordion-device-client$types$push-device.types
Pending
tsd-accordion-device-client$types$updateDeviceProfile.types
Pending
tsd-accordion-device-client$types$webauthn.types
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks$attribute-input-callback
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks$choice-callback
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks$confirmation-callback
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks$device-profile-callback
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks$factory
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks$hidden-value-callback
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks$kba-create-callback
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks$metadata-callback
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks$name-callback
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks$password-callback
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks$ping-protect-evaluation-callback
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks$ping-protect-initialize-callback
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks$polling-wait-callback
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks$recaptcha-callback
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks$recaptcha-enterprise-callback
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks$redirect-callback
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks$select-idp-callback
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks$suspended-text-output-callback
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks$terms-and-conditions-callback
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks$text-input-callback
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks$text-output-callback
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks$validated-create-password-callback
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$callbacks$validated-create-username-callback
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$enums
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$fr-login-failure
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$fr-login-success
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$fr-step
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-auth$interfaces
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-device
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-device$collector
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-device$defaults
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-device$interfaces
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-policy
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-policy$enums
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-policy$helpers
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-policy$interfaces
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-policy$message-creator
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-qr-code
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-recovery-codes
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-recovery-codes$script-parser
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-user
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-webauthn
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-webauthn$enums
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-webauthn$helpers
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-webauthn$interfaces
Pending
tsd-accordion-fr-webauthn$script-parser
Pending
tsd-accordion-http-client
Pending
tsd-accordion-http-client$helpers
Pending
tsd-accordion-http-client$interfaces
Pending
tsd-accordion-index
Pending
tsd-accordion-oauth2-client
Pending
tsd-accordion-oauth2-client$enums
Pending
tsd-accordion-oauth2-client$interfaces
Pending
tsd-accordion-oauth2-client$state-pkce
Pending
tsd-accordion-session-manager
Pending
tsd-accordion-shared
Pending
tsd-accordion-shared$constants
Pending
tsd-accordion-shared$interfaces
Pending
tsd-accordion-shared$types
Pending
tsd-accordion-token-manager
Pending
tsd-accordion-token-manager/helpers
Pending
tsd-accordion-token-storage
Pending
tsd-accordion-token-storage$local-storage
Pending
tsd-accordion-token-storage$session-storage
Pending
tsd-accordion-user-manager
Pending
tsd-accordion-util
Pending
tsd-accordion-util$deferred
Pending
tsd-accordion-util$http
Pending
tsd-accordion-util$logger
Pending
tsd-accordion-util$middleware
Pending
tsd-accordion-util$pkce
Pending
tsd-accordion-util$strings
Pending
tsd-accordion-util$timeout
Pending
tsd-accordion-util$url
Pending
forgerock.administratelms.com
2
CloudFront-Key-Pair-Id
Pending
CloudFront-Signature
Pending
hub.pingidentity.com
1
hly_copilot_state_ldtpp6kklvu47lrstub6rb1g32
Pending
inhalte.pingidentity.com
1
hly_copilot_state_pv6bedsn06j7bgfmkdrpi6rnim
Pending
js.zi-scripts.com
2
_zitok [x2]
Pending
pingevents.pingidentity.com
web.cvent.com
2
eventguestside-service-session [x2]
Pending
pingidentity.com
1
geolocation
Pending
prod2.valuestoryapp.com
14
analysis_model
Pending
apptray-state
Pending
basic_selection
Pending
cib_selection
Pending
domain__PingIdentity__description
Pending
domain__PingIdentity__logo
Pending
domain__PingIdentity__logo-white
Pending
domain__PingIdentity__theme
Pending
domain__PingIdentity__title
Pending
error-report__display-warnings
Pending
isSessionRestoreEnabled
Pending
lang_code
Pending
previousSessionTimestamp
Pending
wib_selection
Pending
support.pingidentity.com
2
3
Pending
emp.cometd
Pending
www.pingidentity.com
6
unifiedScriptVerified
Pending
etc.clientlibs/settings/wcm/designs/pds/clientlibs/assets/clientlibs-assets-pngs/resources/aemFormattingPixelnjs.png
Pending
etc.clientlibs/settings/wcm/designs/pds/clientlibs/assets/clientlibs-assets-pngs/resources/aemFormattingPixelwjs.png
Pending
etc.clientlibs/settings/wcm/designs/pds/clientlibs/assets/clientlibs-assets-pngs/resources/gtmFormattingPixelnjs.png
Pending
etc.clientlibs/settings/wcm/designs/pds/clientlibs/assets/clientlibs-assets-pngs/resources/gtmFormattingPixelwjs.png
Pending
loglevel:ProductDemoV2Init
Pending
Cross-domain consent
21
Your consent applies to the following domains:
List of domains your consent applies to:
contenudo.pingidentity.com
contenido.pingidentity.com
contenuti.pingidentity.com
videos.pingidentity.com
backstage.forgerock.com
labs.pingidentity.com
pingevents.pingidentity.com
contenu.pingidentity.com
inhalte.pingidentity.com
prod2.valuestoryapp.com
press.pingidentity.com
status.pingidentity.com
hub.pingidentity.com
download.pingidentity.com
docs.pingidentity.com
4.pingidentity.com
apidocs.pingidentity.com
developer.pingidentity.com
support.pingidentity.com
documentation.pingidentity.com
www.pingidentity.com
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/25/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Deny
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all
Request a FREE Demo