Privacy Policy
California Information Sharing Disclosure
Terms of Use
Security
About Ads
Groove Rule
Free Arccos Sensors
Patents
Trademarks
Counterfeit Clubs
Proposition 65
Accessibility Statement
Junior Product Certificates
Legal
Privacy Policy
California Information Sharing Disclosure
Terms of Use
Security
About Ads
Groove Rule
Free Arccos Sensors
Patents
Trademarks
Counterfeit Clubs
Proposition 65
Accessibility Statement
Junior Product Certificates
PING, Inc. Privacy Policy - Your Privacy Rights
Effective Date: March 19, 2020
Last Updated: September 19, 2024
​
Scope
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes how PING, Inc. ("PING," "we," or "us") treats personal information collected on our websites, mobile applications, and any other platforms potential consumers interact with (the “Platform”) as well as information collected offline.
Types of information we collect
PING collects information, including some sensitive personal information, from you and about you. Here are some examples of the information we may collect:
Contact Information. For example, we may collect your name, mailing address, telephone or mobile number, and email address to help share information about our products or services.
Payment Information. For example, we may collect your information such as your payment method and billing address to perform our contractual obligations and provide you with products or services.
Account Information. If you create an account on our Platform, we will collect your username and password to facilitate an easy checkout process and save consumer preferences.
Fitting Information. For example, if you utilize our fitting tools, we may collect information that you submit that helps us fit you to the correct products.
Physical Activity Information. For example, we may collect information about your physical activity while you are using our mobile application, or another device connected to our mobile application. This may include your step count, heart rate, or calorie count that help the user operate our products and services.
Golf Information. We receive a variety of information related to your golf game. For example, (1) you may be able to upload swing videos showing you and your swing, (2) we may collect detailed information from you in an effort to determine the correct equipment or ball for your game, and (3) we may receive information from sensors in “smart clubs” as well as golf related information provided by you via an app or website. This information may be received by PING from third-party sensor or application providers.
Information You Post. We may collect information you post in a public space on our Platform, such as on our product reviews feature. We may also collect photographs or videos that you voluntarily post to our Platform.
Social Media Information. We may collect information you post on our social media pages, including your social media profile information and information posted on your page, to promote and improve our products and services.
Information You Submit. We may collect information when you send us a message through the “Customer Service” page or similar features on our Platform. We may also collect the information you submit when you enter a promotion.
Demographic Information. We may collect your birthdate, age, gender, and zip code, which helps us understand our users and provides tailored services.
Device Information. For example, we may collect the type of device you use to access our Platform. We may also collect your device hardware model and unique identifier, IP address or mobile operating system.
Location Information. For example, we may collect precise location information from your device to better assist the consumer and provide tailored services. This may include information about your exact location when you use our Platform. We may also collect this information in the background when our mobile applications are not in use. For more information about your options related to the collection of your location information, see the
Choices
section below.
Employment Information: If you apply for a job posting, or become an employee, we collect information necessary to process your application or to retain you as an employee. This may include, among other things, your Social Security Number. Providing this information is required for employment.
Other Information. If you use our website, we may collect information about the browser you are using. We might look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us. If you use our app, we might look at how often you use the app and where you downloaded it. We may also collect information about your mobile network.
Some of the information we collect is considered “sensitive” under certain laws. We collect the following categories of sensitive personal information: Social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport; account log-in and password; precise geolocation; racial or ethnic origin; biometric information; information concerning a consumer’s health. This information is collected in order to process transactions, comply with laws, manage our business, or provide you with services.
How we collect your information
PING collects your information in different ways. Below are some examples of how we may collect your information on our Platform.
Directly From You
. For example, when you:
Register for an account.
Purchase products or services through our Platform.
Sign up to receive promotional communications.
Use our Webfit, Ballnamic, iPing, or other online application(s).
Submit a request for club repairs.
Participate in one of our promotional sweepstakes, contests, surveys, or focus groups.
Post a product review.
Submit a request to our customer service team.
Interact with PING social media pages.
Passively
. For example, when you:
Install and use PING mobile apps.
Visit and navigate our Platform on any device.
Enable location-based features on our Platform.
We may also collect information about users over time and across different websites, apps, and devices when you use the Platform. Third parties also collect personal information this way on our Platform.
From Third Parties
. We may receive information about you from other sources. For example, this may include receiving information from:
Our business partners, including company contacts, which may include Apple HealthKit and Health App, analytics vendors, providers of golf sensors or mobile applications, and companies that co-sponsor our promotions.
Social media sites, including Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and Instagram.
Third-party sites, including those that allow you to integrate your third-party account with your PING account.
Companies that provide information to supplement what we already know about you. Certain third parties might link your name or email address to other information they have collected. That might include past purchases made offline or online. It might also include online usage information.
By Combining Information
. For example, we may:
Combine information that we collect offline with information we collect through our Platform.
Combine information we collect about you from the different devices you use to access our Platform.
Combine information we get from third parties with information we already have about you.
How we use your information
Examples of how we may use your information that we collect through our Platform include:
To Provide Our Products and Services
. This could include fulfilling your requests for products or services. It could also include presenting golf analytics, processing purchases, or other transactions.
To Improve Our Products and Services
. We may use your information to make our Platform, products, and services better. We may also use your information to customize your experience with us.
To Understand Your Interests
. For example, we may use your information to better understand what products interest you.
To Respond to Your Requests or Questions
. This may include responding to your feedback or notifying you if you win a promotion.
To Communicate With You
. We may communicate with you about your account or our relationship. We may also contact you about this Policy or our Platform terms and conditions.
To Determine Your Eligibility
. We may use your information to verify your identity or determine your eligibility for some of our products, services, and promotions. For example, this may include verifying your age, date of birth and state of residence.
For Marketing Purposes
. We may provide you with information about new products and special offers. We might use your information to serve you ads about products and offers. We might tell you about new features or updates. These might be third party offers or products we think you might find interesting. We may also use your information to send you electronic communications. We and our partners may engage in interest-based advertising using information gathered across multiple websites, devices, or other platforms. For more information about your choices related to these communications, see the
Choices
section below.
For Targeted Advertising Purposes
. We may use Contact Information, Information You Post, Social Media Information, Demographic Information, Device Information, Location Information, and Other Information to provide you with targeted advertising. Learn more about how we use this information by clicking
here
.
For Security Purposes
. This could include protecting our company and consumers who use our products and services. It may also include protecting our Platform.
To Send Push Notifications
. If you use our mobile apps, we may send you push notifications about new products or special offers.
Deidentified Data
. We generally do not use deidentified data, but to the extent we maintain and use personal information in a deidentified form, we will not attempt to reidentify the information, except for the purpose of determining whether our deidentification processes satisfy our legal obligations.
As otherwise permitted by law.
As we may otherwise notify you.
Note that we do not sell your personal information for money.
How we share your information
We may share your information in the following ways:
Internally
. We may share your information within PING, Inc or with our corporate affiliates (e.g., subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control). The categories of information we may share include: any of the categories described above under
Types of information we Collect
.
On Our Platform
. For example, we may display information you post on our product review features. We may also display information you submit in connection with a promotion. The categories of information we may share include Information You Post, Social Media Information, and Information You Submit.
With Our Service Providers
. We may share your information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, this may include merchandise vendors and payment processors. It may also include companies that send emails or deliver advertisements on our behalf or help us run our Platform. The categories of information we may share include any of the categories described above under
Types of information we Collect
.
With Our Business Partners
. For example, this may include a third party that co-sponsors a contest or promotion. We may also share information with business partners including Apple HealthKit, Health App and analytics vendors. The categories of information we may share include Contact Information, Physical Activity Information, Information You Submit, Demographic Information, and Other Information.
With Any Successors to All or Part of Our Business or One of Our Brands
. For example, if PING merges with, acquires, or is acquired, or sells a brand or part of its business to another business entity. This may include an asset sale, corporate reorganization, or other change of control. We may transfer our customer information as part of such a transaction or as stand-alone assets, including at the negotiation stage. The categories of information we may share include any of the categories described above under
Types of information we Collect
.
To Comply With the Law or To Protect Ourselves
. For example, this could include responding to a court order or subpoena. It could also include sharing information if a government agency or investigatory body requests. We might share information when we are investigating a potential fraud. This could include fraud we think has occurred during a sweepstakes or promotion. We may also share information if you are the winner of a sweepstakes or other contest with anyone who requests a winner’s list. The categories of information we may share include any of the categories described above under
Types of information we Collect
.
For Other Reasons With Your Consent
. We may disclose your information to other third parties when we have your consent or direction to do so. The categories of information we may share include any of the categories described above under
Types of information we Collect
.
Children under 13
The Platform where this Policy is located are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable data from persons under the age of 13. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has provided us with information, please contact us at
compliance@ping.com
. You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this website Policy. Please mark your inquiries “Children Information Request.”
Choices regarding your information
You have certain choices about how we use your information. Certain choices you make are browser and device specific.
Marketing Communications:
You can opt out of receiving our marketing communications. Note that you will still receive transactional messages from us, including information about your account and responses to your inquiries. To opt out of receiving our marketing communications, you can follow the instructions included with the communication.
Mobile Application and Location Based Services:
You may opt out of our mobile application's push notification by adjusting the settings on your mobile device.
If you have previously opted into PING's collection and use of location-based information through our mobile applications, you may opt-out by adjusting the settings on your mobile device.
You may also opt-out of location-based information collection by PING if you uninstall all PING mobile apps from your devices.
Cookies & Other Tracking Technologies:
To learn how to manage how we – and our vendors – use cookies and other tracking tools, and to read our
Do Not Track Policy
, please
click here
.
Options you select are browser and device specific.
Your privacy choices
Some jurisdictions give you a right to make the following choices regarding your personal information:
Access To Your Personal Information.
You may request access to your personal information (or confirmation that we have information about you) by contacting us at the address described below. If required by law, upon request, we will grant you access to the personal information that we have about you. Note that California residents may be entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for direct marketing.
Changes To Your Personal Information.
We rely on you to update and correct your personal information. Most of our websites allow you to modify or delete your account profile. If our website does not permit you to update or correct certain information, you can contact us at the address described below in order to request that your information be modified. Note that we may keep historical information in our backup files as permitted by law.
Deletion Of Your Personal Information.
You may request that we delete your personal information by contacting us at the address described below. If required by law we will grant a request to delete information, but you should note that in many situations we must keep your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or for another business purposes.
Portability.
You may request we provide your information in a common portable format. When we are required to do so by law, we will provide this information to you or another party as required.
Opt-out of Sharing for Targeted Advertising
. You may opt-out of online tracking based targeted advertising (e.g., cookies) by clicking on the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link. We also recognize Global Privacy Control (GPC) signals and other user-enabled opt-out preference signals as valid opt-out requests where required by applicable law. Please note that your opt-out preference signal will be applied to only your current browser and device. To learn more about the GPC, you can visit its website
here
.
You may exercise the rights described above by contacting us as indicated in the “How to contact us” section below. We do not discriminate against individuals that exercise their privacy rights under applicable law. If you disagree with how we handled a request, you may appeal our decision by contacting us with the subject line “Appeal.”
Note that, as required by law, we will require you to prove your identity. We may conduct an identity verification by phone call or email. Depending on your request, we will ask for information such as your name, the last item you purchased from us, or the date of your last purchase from us. We may also ask you to provide a signed declaration confirming your identity.
In some circumstances, you may designate an authorized agent to submit requests to exercise certain privacy rights on your behalf. We will require verification that you provided the authorized agent permission to make a request on your behalf. You must provide us with a copy of the signed permission you have given to the authorized agent to submit the request on your behalf and verify your own identity directly with us.
If you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of an individual, you must attach a copy of a completed Authorized Agent Designation Form indicating that you have authorization to act on the individual’s behalf. If we do not receive a completed and signed form, the request will be denied.
Security
The Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our Platform will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. We use reasonable means to safeguard personal information under our control. A username and a password are needed to access certain areas of the PING Platform. It is your responsibility to protect your username and password. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of a breach to your personal information we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.
How long we retain information
We retain your personal information for only as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Policy, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the information, the purposes for which we obtained the information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, as well as applicable legal requirements.
Storage of information
Information we maintain may be stored in the United States. If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your personal information to the United States. This Platform is intended for use in the United States and is subject to the laws of the United States, which may not provide the same level of protections as those in your own country.
Links
Our Platform may contain links to other third-party sites that are not governed by this Policy. If you click on a link to a third-party site, you will be taken to a site we do not control. We are not responsible for the privacy practices used by third-party sites. We suggest that you read the privacy policies of those sites carefully. We are not responsible for these third-party sites.
How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns with respect to our privacy practices or this Policy, wish to exercise your privacy rights, or need to access this Policy in an alternative format due to having a disability, please feel free to contact us at
compliance@ping.com
or call us at 1-800-474-6434. You may also write to us at the following address:
PING, Inc.
Attn: PING Compliance
2201 West Desert Cove Avenue
Phoenix, AZ 85029
Changes in Policy
From time to time, we may change our Policy. We will notify you of any material changes to our Policy as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our Platform. Please check our Platform periodically for updates.
Additional information for California Residents
California law requires organizations to disclose whether certain categories of information are collected, “sold,” “shared” for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising, or disclosed for an organization’s “business purpose” (as those terms are defined under California law). You can find a list of the categories of information that we collect and share
here
.