Privacy Policy
Protecting our user's privacy is something we take seriously. This document explains what information we collect, how we use it, and your options regarding the privacy of your personal information, please take a moment to read it.
The information Padadaz collects
Padadaz may gather and use information about you, including (but not limited to) :
Any personal information you explicitly provide (such as your name, login, email address, postal mailing address, phone number, credit card and billing information, etc.)
Your mobile device information (such as device model, carrier, OS version, unique device identified (UDID), etc.)
Your Facebook identifier and what Facebook calls basic info that includes name, email, friends list, gender etc. and any other information you choose to share according to your Facebook account settings
Electronic identification data (such as IP and cookies)
Usage statistics
The way this information is used
This information is used either directly or by mandating third parties providers acting on our behalf as permitted or necessary to:
Provide you with a customized experience
Let administrators and moderators review User Generated Content in order to enforce our moderation policy
Improve our service by analyzing gathered information
Provide customer support or perform technical interventions on our servers
Protect your and Padadaz' interests, in particular by enforcing our Terms & Conditions
Get in touch with you
Sharing of your information
We will not share your personal information with any third party, except as described in this Privacy Policy. The circumstances where we may need to share your personal information are the following:
Service providers: We may mandate third parties providers to perform tasks on our behalf and your information may be accessible to them in order to assist us. Our service providers do not have any right to use personal information beyond what is necessary to assist us.
Aggregated Data: From time to time, we may share non-personally identifiable data, such as anonymized usage statistics. We will never share any aggregated data in a manner that would enable the recipient to personally identify you.
Law enforcement: If an appropriate judicial, law enforcement or government authority is requesting personal data we will provide reasonable assistance and information to fulfill the request that may include personal information.
Personal information may be shared if you explicitly give us your permission to do so.
Third party tools and advertising
We may display ads coming from advertising networks and use tools or third party analytical software that automatically collect and aggregate certain non-personal data. Those data may include (but are not limited to) your IP address, your mobile device information (such as device model, carrier, OS version, unique device identified (UDID), etc.) and app usage information. We don't share your location information or any information that could directly identify you (name, email, profile, messages, etc.). The companies providing those services use their own privacy policies.
In the Event of Merger or Sale
In those circumstances we reserve the right to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from users as part of that merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control.
Changes and Updates to this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice may be revised periodically without further notice to you and this will be reflected by that last modified date on the top of the page. Your continued use of our app constitutes your agreement to those Terms & Conditions and Privacy Notice including any future revisions.
Contact Information
This is a service provided by Padadaz SARL, a registered Swiss company. If you have any question, remark, or inquiry about this privacy policy, please contact us by email at privacy@padadaz.com