Privacy Policy
Personal Information
GraphOn requires personal information in order to provide licenses, technical support, and product notification services, as outlined in our Support Contract and License Agreement, with the sole purpose of supporting the ongoing operation and use of GO-Global. GraphOn does not share, sell, trade, or rent your personal information to third parties.
Personal information for
prospects
and licensed end-users (
customers
) is often provided to GraphOn through an authorized
channel partner
(Distributors, Resellers, IT service providers, etc.). GraphOn channel partners are not required or authorized to collect any personal information other than outlined in this policy.
The personal information required by GraphOn for a prospect contact includes name, email address, company name, and country location.
The personal information required by GraphOn for a customer contact includes name, email address, company name, company address, and country location. To confirm eligibility for certain price models, GraphOn may also require the customer to provide a company website URL and telephone number.
Channel Partner.
The personal information required by GraphOn for a channel partner contact includes name, email address, company name, company address, country location, company website URL, and telephone number.
GraphOn services, documentation, and downloads are accessible from the GraphOn Customer Portal, which requires logon credentials using an email address as the contact identifier when establishing a GraphOn account. Passwords are encrypted. No additional personal information, other than outlined above, and with the exception of Credit Card Orders, is requested or required in order to access and utilize the Customer Portal.
Personal Information Collection Points
The following is a list and description of each point on our website or in our Customer Portal where personal information is either collected by GraphOn, or personal information on file is required to utilize certain services or functions.
Contact Us
This page is used for visitors to submit general inquiries about GraphOn or GO-Global. The visitor is required to input a first name, last name, telephone number, company name, company URL, and email address. When submitted, this information is stored in our contact database so GraphOn can evaluate and respond to the request.
Acceptance of this Privacy Policy is required. GraphOn may forward this contact information to a GraphOn channel partner to assist with technical or commercial issues.
30-Day Free Trial
This page is used to initiate a GO-Global 30-day free trial. To activate a free trial, prospects are required to create a GraphOn account, which requires inputting a first name, last name, company name, company URL, company address, email address, and password. When submitted, this information is stored in our contact database so GraphOn can follow up and assist the prospect during the trial period. Passwords are encrypted.
Acceptance of this Privacy Policy is required. GraphOn may forward this contact information to a GraphOn channel partner to assist with technical or commercial issues.
Create GraphOn Account
This function is launched in two possible ways: a) when creating a GraphOn account on the Customer Portal, and b) when creating a GraphOn account to activate a 30-Day free trial. Required input for GraphOn account includes first name, last name, telephone number, company name, company URL, company address, email address, and password. Required input to activate a 30-Day Free Trial is first name, last name, company name, company URL, company address, email address, and password. When submitted, this information is stored in GraphOn’s contact database. Passwords are encrypted.
Acceptance of this Privacy Policy is required.
Lead Registration
This page is used by GraphOn channel partners to register an end-user prospect account as exclusive to a specific partner. GraphOn channel partners are required to provide the prospect’s first name, last name, telephone number, company name, company URL, company address including country, and email address. When submitted, this information is stored in GraphOn’s contact database. GraphOn may communicate with the prospect to monitor GO-Global progress or status.
License Change Request
This page is used by existing licensed end-user customers to request license changes which are necessary to continue the operation of GO-Global. This form is sometimes completed by a GraphOn channel partner on behalf of the end-user customer, as a service and convenience. The form requestor may provide end-user customer email addresses and telephone numbers to receive the revised licenses.
Emergency License Request
This page is used by existing end-user customers owning perpetual licenses to request an Emergency License in the event of a catastrophic server failure. The requestor email address must already exist in the GraphOn contact database, and the required input to complete this form includes first name, last name, telephone number, company name, and email address. Upon completion of this process, the requestor will receive an Emergency License via email.
License Activation
This page is used by end-user customers to activate a new GO-Global perpetual license. The requestor email address and telephone number are required. If provided during the order entry process or 30-day free trial process, the email address and telephone number may already exist in the GraphOn contact database. If not, they will be added to the contact database. Upon completion of this process, the requestor will receive the new license file via email.
Order Forms
Order forms are used by customers and channel partners who have a direct commercial relationship with GraphOn. Generally speaking, the purchasing contact completes the form. The required information to successfully process an order will include:
Purchasing Contact
first name, last name, email address, contact telephone number, company name, Bill To company address and phone number, as well as any additional email addresses the purchasing contact designates to receive a copy of the order via email.
Bill To Contact
email address and telephone number, as well as any additional email addresses the purchasing contact designates to receive a copy of the invoice via email.
End-User Customer Contact
name, email address, phone number, and company address, as well as any additional email addresses that the purchasing contact designates to receive subscription license information or copies of the Activation Keys necessary for License Activation of perpetual licenses.
Any contact information which does not previously exist in the GraphOn contact database will be added as part of order processing.
Credit Card Information
GraphOn licensees and channel partners who purchase products or services directly from GraphOn have several payment options available which do not require providing additional personal information other than outlined above. GraphOn licensees and channel partners who chose to pay with a credit card will be required to provide full credit card details, including credit card number, expiration date, security code, card holder name, card billing address and country, and card holder phone number. Unless otherwise agreed and authorized by the card holder, GraphOn does not store credit card details on file.
Product Notifications and Marketing
GraphOn sends the following types of communications to its Contact database:
Product Notifications.
These communications are targeted to end-user customers and channel partner contacts for the purpose of supporting the ongoing operations of GO-Global. These communications may include critical notices regarding security or patch releases, pricing or licensing changes, or notice of new feature availability.
Subscription License Notifications.
These communications are exclusive to end-user customers with subscription licenses and their channel partners; they are sent to the Purchasing, Bill to, and End-User Customer contacts noted on the order form. The purpose of these communications is to inform end-user customers and their channel partner regarding subscription end dates to enable subscription continuation and avoid breaks in end-user customers’ company operations or services related to their GO-Global implementation.
Perpetual License Renewal Notifications.
These communications are exclusive to end-user customers with perpetual licenses and their channel partners; they are sent to specific contacts and include critical information about perpetual license support contract expirations. The purpose of these communications is to assist end-user customers and channel partners to submit timely license renewals to a) maintain support for perpetual licenses and, b) avoid reactivation fees applied when renewing expired perpetual licenses.
Product Marketing.
These communications are targeted to contact database prospects who have made inquiries in the past but are not licensed end-users. These communications generally include news about GO-Global or information about new GO-Global features, pricing, or licensing.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks your permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added, and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or notes when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. Using cookies, web applications tailor their operation by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages on our website are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and better tailor our website to customer and site visitor needs. We use this information for statistical analysis purposes only, after which the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by allowing us to monitor which pages you find useful. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Recourse / Compliance
If you want to confirm the personal information related to you that we are storing, or you believe that the personal information we are holding is incorrect or incomplete, or if you want the contact information for GraphOn’s data protection officer, please email your request to
privacy@graphon.com
from the email address involved with your request, including a telephone number where you can be reached. If you are receiving unwanted promotional email communications from GraphOn, please unsubscribe as described in the email you received.
English
العربية‏
Português Brasileiro
Français
Deutsch
Español
日本語