🥳
20% Off
Any Card with code
CUSTNEW20
Privacy Notice
Funky Pigeon respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data when you interact with us or visit our website. This Privacy Notice will inform you how we process your personal data and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
Contact Us
Funky Pigeon is the Data Controller and part of the WHSmith PLC group of companies (
https://www.whsmithplc.co.uk/
).
Address: Funky Pigeon, County Gates, Ashton Road, Bristol, BS3 2JH
Data Protection Officer:
data.privacy@whsmith.co.uk
We are registered with the United Kingdom Information Commissioner’s Office and the Data Protection Commission of Ireland.
Please see the My Funky Rewards Privacy Notice for more information regarding the processing of your data when using My Funky Rewards.
Purpose for Which We Will Use Your Personal Data
In most instances we will process your personal data to respond to your purchase or enquiry about our products or services, including:
To register you as a new customer and process and deliver your order(s)
To managing payments, fees and charges and collect money owed to us
To manage our relationship with you including dealing with enquiries and complaints
To request feedback on our service and products through surveys and reviews
To inform you about important new updates/services and changes to existing services
To offers prize draws and competitions
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
To provide suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
With your consent, send our newsletters and other promotional updates
To send reminders if you abandon (exit the website) after a search, product view, or do not complete your order
To verify your age when you purchase a product with age restrictions associated to it e.g. alcohol. In order to do this, your data will be shared with GBG plc, who may use the following systems to verify your identity: UK Edited Electoral Roll, UK Credit Bureau, UK Credit Header Database, UK Births Registry Database & UK National Identity Register. Please refer to our
Terms and Conditions
for information relating to age restriction when creating a Funky Pigeon account.
How is Your Personal Data Collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us your personal information by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you purchase any of our products or services, create an account on our website, subscribe to our newsletters or other publications, enter a competition or provided feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies. When you first visit our website, you will be given the opportunity to consent to non-essential cookies. You can update your preferences at any time.
Information provided by third parties. We receive age verification information from GBG plc and delivery confirmation from our contracted delivery partners.
Data We Collect About You
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
When you complete an online form, register or shop with us online, we may process your personal data including your name, date of birth, billing/delivery address, e-mail address and telephone number. We may also collect and retain information about your interactions with us either online or through our contact centres so that we can process your transactions and deal with any future queries.
We process aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for the purpose of understanding our customers and their preferences.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data or information about criminal convictions and offences. When using our website we advise not disclosing health information as this constitutes a special category of personal data.
We do not knowingly collect any data from persons under the age of 18. You must be 18 or over to use the website. Please see terms and conditions for further details.
Legal Basis for Processing
In most instances our legal basis for processing your data relates to our contractual obligations in respect of your order or enquiry about an order.
When you provide the personal data of third-party recipients such as photographs and address details for delivery purposes, we process the information to meet our contractual obligation to provide the product and delivery service. You should ensure that third parties are aware that you have provided their details to us.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party), we carry out balancing tests and risk assessments to protect your fundamental rights.
We also process personal data to meet our legal obligations e.g. VAT records.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us via our dedicated
Contact page
or by emailing us at
wecare@funkypigeon.com
; updating your preferences on your 'My Account' section of the website; by 'opting out' of marketing communications in any marketing e-mail sent to you or by following the instructions in any SMS we send. Opting out of marketing communications will not affect necessary communications with you in connection with your order.
When collecting your personal data, we will always make clear which data is necessary in connection with a particular contractual or legal requirement. We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent (for example, in relation to fraud management or to assist with investigations by the police or other regulatory bodies) where required or permitted by law.
Data Sharing
To enable us to meet our contractual and legal obligations we share data with third parties, including:
GBG plc for the purpose of age verification
https://www.gbgplc.com/en/legal-and-regulatory/privacy-policy/
WHSmith group entities, details of which can be found in our Annual Reports
Courier and delivery service providers to manage your order (Royal Mail
https://www.royalmail.com/privacy-notice
, Yodel
https://www.yodel.co.uk/privacy-cookies-policy
, DHL
https://www.dhl.com/gb-en/home/footer/privacy-notice.html
, DPD
https://www.dpdlocal.co.uk/dpd-local-dpo-privacy-notice.jsp
, Evri
https://www.evri.com/privacy-policy
)
Payment processing providers (PayPal Braintree
https://www.paypal.com/us/legalhub/privacy-full
, Revolut
https://www.revolut.com/privacy-policy/
, Apple Pay (
https://www.apple.com/uk/privacy/
, Google Pay
https://policies.google.com/privacy
, DNA Pay By Bank App
https://dnapayments.com/page/privacy-policy
, Klarna
https://www.klarna.com/uk/privacy-and-security/
, Clearpay
https://www.clearpay.co.uk/en-GB/applicant-privacy
We use a variety of printing partners for fulfilling and despatching your order
If we expand, reduce or sell Funky Pigeon and this may involve the transfer of divisions or the whole business to new owners. If this happens, your personal data will, where relevant, be transferred to the new owner or controlling party and you will be notified of the change.
For the purposes of our review service, a specific Trustpilot email address is added using 'Bcc' function to all of Funky Pigeon's order confirmation emails or similar - please see T&Cs for full details.
Marketing companies to show you products, special offers or services, from Funky Pigeon that might interest you while you are browsing the internet, e.g. Delight/Rewards Bag free gift options shown on the website as products you can choose to add to the basket before checkout.
Data insight companies to ensure your details are up to date and accurate.
We require all third-party service providers to undergo a due diligence process to ensure that they meet our required standards for data security and data compliance. We ensure that data processing or data sharing agreements are in place which set out our expectations and the obligations of the service providers.
My Funky Rewards
My Funky Rewards is an online cashback programme operated by Funky Pigeon and managed on our behalf by Webloyalty International Sarl, a third party entity outside the WHSmith/Funky Pigeon group. You can find their privacy policy here:
https://www.myfunkyrewards.com/privacy-policy
Your Rights
Data protection legislation provides individual rights in respect of your personal data, these include:
Your right of access - You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information.
Your right to rectification - You have the right to ask us to rectify information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Your right to erasure - You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances. If we have a legal or other obligation requiring us to retain the data, we will inform you.
Your right to restriction of processing - You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your information in certain circumstances.
Your right to object to processing - You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances.
Your right to data portability - You have the right to ask that we transfer the information you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances.
You have the right to withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you, if your request is complex or you have made a number of requests, we might require additional time (up to an additional two months). In this case, we will notify you within one month of the request.
We may request identity information for security purposes. We may also contact you to request further information or clarification to speed up our response.
Please contact us at
data.privacy@whsmith.co.uk
if you wish to make a request.
To exercise your rights, please contact our Customer Happiness team via our
contact form
.
International Data Transfers
Some of our service providers are located outside of the EEA and UK and we ensure that our contracts with these suppliers include appropriate data transfer safeguards such as the EU Standard Contractual Clauses and the UK Addendum.
Data Security
We have appropriate organisational and technical measures in place to ensure the security of your personal data. We have procedures in place to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data Retention
We retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. We generally anonymise customer data 4 years from the last order or interaction with us.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
If You Fail To Provide Your Personal Data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service order, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
Marketing
We may send you marketing about our own goods and services if either you have opted in to receive our marketing messages, or you have previously bought or enquired about similar goods or services from us and you have not opted out from receiving our marketing messages.
You can unsubscribe from all our marketing material at any time by clicking the 'unsubscribe' link in any marketing email we send, updating your 'My Account' section on our website, or using our preference centre. You can also contact us via our
contact form
at any point to opt out of any or all marketing communications.
Off Site Marketing
Whilst browsing other websites you may see Funky Pigeon promotional messages, these will be displayed based on cookies placed during your recent visit to our website. Please see our Cookie Notice for more detail. We may share your data (which may include email address, name, address and your purchase history) with social media platforms (for example Meta) and Google, in order to serve marketing to you. You can opt-out of this data sharing by contacting our Data Protection Officer:
data.privacy@whsmith.co.uk
Third Party Marketing
You are in control of any information we share with third parties for marketing purposes. As you go through our checkout or account creation processes you will be asked to advise us which contacts you wish to receive. If you have opted in to receive marketing, you can opt out of these marketing communications at any time by contacting us or by unsubscribing from marketing communications in any e-mail sent to you.
Third Party Links
Clicking on links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications contained within this website, or enabling those connections, may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit
Cookies
When you visit our website you will be offered a choice regarding the loading of cookies. Our preference centre can be accessed at any time through the Cookie Setting section to change your preferences. Please note that non-essential cookies are required for the functioning of our website to process your order, or when communicating with us. More information can be found in our Cookie Notice.
How To Complain
Data Protection Officer
data.privacy@whsmith.co.uk
WHSmith, Greenbridge Road, Swindon SN3 3LD
If you are not satisfied with the response you have received, you have the right to raise a complaint with the regulator:
UK and Rest of the World
United Kingdom Information Commissioner's Office
http://www.ico.org.uk/concerns
Helpline number: 0303 123 1113
EEA
Data Protection Commission of Ireland
https://dataprotection.ie/en/contact/how-contact-us
Helpline number: (01) 765 01 00 and 1800 437 737
General
It is likely that we will need to update this Privacy Notice from time to time, the version number and last update date will be noted here.
Last updated: 13/03/2025
Let's get Social
Download the App
Shop by Region
UK
IRL
©
2025
funkypigeon.com Limited, County Gates, Ashton Road, Bristol, BS3 2JH, UK |
Terms & Conditions
We value your privacy
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy & Cookie Notice
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Click here for more information.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the website will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our website. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the website. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our website by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other websites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.gbgplc.com/en/legal-and-regulatory/privacy-policy/:
It looks like you're using an old version of Internet Explorer. You can continue to browse, but some functionality of the site may be limited.
Click here to upgrade to Microsoft Edge.
More results...
Was this search useful?
Yes
No
Privacy Policy
General information
Use of your data
Accuracy
Data retention
Transfers outside the EEA
Contacting us
Visitors to our website
Visitors to our offices
Job applications
Data security
Your GDPR rights
Contacting us if you're not happy
Supervisory Authority Details
Your US Privacy Rights
GBG has regional privacy policies where appropriate – please click for
APAC
,
Australia and New Zealand
and
US
. All Privacy Resources, which includes GBG's approach to privacy, are available
here
.
GB Group Plc (‘GBG’) Website Privacy Policy
We have offices across
multiple locations
, and our registered head office is located within the United Kingdom.
GB Group Plc
The Foundation
Herons Way
Chester Business Park
Chester United Kingdom
CH4 9GB
Company Registration Number: 02415211
This policy was last updated on the 31st of December, 2024.
General information and contact details
This Privacy Policy explains to you how GB Group plc ('GBG') together with its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “us,” “we,” or “our”) is committed to the responsible management, use, and protection of personal information.
GBG use and secure your personal data whilst you are using the GBG website
www.gbgplc.com
or
www.loqate.com
, when you enter into a contract with GBG to provide services to your organisation, you visit one of our offices, or you apply for a job at GBG. If you are interested in how we collect and process personal information about you through our products and services, please see our
Products & Services Privacy Notice
.
GBG take the protection and security of your personal data very seriously and this policy sets out our responsibilities under the General Data Protection Regulation 2016 (‘GDPR’) and other applicable laws in England and Wales relating to the processing and security of personal data.
We have offices across
multiple locations
, and our registered head office is located within the United Kingdom.
GB Group Plc
The Foundation
Herons Way
Chester Business Park
Chester
CH4 9GB
United Kingdom
Company Registration Number: 02415211
If you have any questions about how your personal data is used by GBG, please contact our Data Protection Officer using
this form
write to us at the address mentioned above, or call 0161 909 6713.
Our EEA representative is located in Spain at the following address
GBG
WeWork Passeig de Gracia
Pg. de Gràcia, 17,
08007 Barcelona
Spain
GBG review our Privacy Policy on an annual basis, sooner if changes to regulation require it or GBG change the way we process personal data.
Use of your Data
What personal data do GBG collect and why?
Browsing our website:
When you browse our website
www.gbgplc.com
, we will collect the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the device you are using, but will be unable to identify you at this point. We collect this data so that we can identify where customers are dropping out of the website and to identify areas of improvement to make the experience more engaging for our customers.
We use cookies on our website, so please see our
Cookie Policy
for more information.
Requesting a brochure:
When you request a brochure from us, we will collect the following information from you:
Email address (so that we can send the brochure to you).
The name of your organisation (so that we can identify which sectors are showing the most interest in our products/services).
Your IP address (which will no longer be anonymous; we will therefore be able to identify you).
Requesting a call back:
when you request a call back from us, we will collect the following information from you:
Your name (so that we contact the right individual).
Your contact telephone number (so that we contact the right individual).
Your reason for contact (so that we can direct your call back to the right team who will respond to you directly).
Your IP address (which will no longer be anonymous; we will therefore be able to identify you).
Sales calls:
Where you have been invited to attend a call with a member of GBG’s sales team, we will collect the following information:
Your name (so that we can contact and address the right individual on the call)
Email address (so that we can send the invitation to the right place)
Your voice and if you share your video, your image (so we can review our interactions with you for training, coaching and monitoring purposes)
When a sales related appointment is made with you, if relevant, you will receive an email prior to the call advising we would like to record our interaction.
Upon joining the call, you will further be presented with the option to decline the recording of the call, should you wish to do so. The call recording can be stopped at any point and any data held deleted.
Subscribing to our marketing lists:
Where you have asked to receive marketing from GBG, we will collect the following information from you:
Your name (so that we market to the right individual).
Email address (so that we send the marketing to the right place).
The marketing preferences indicated by yourself, such as your areas of interest and how you want to be marketed to.
Your IP address (which will no longer be anonymous; we will therefore be able to identify you).
When you receive an email from GBG, it will include an unsubscribe link, which you can click on if you wish to unsubscribe from our marketing lists. We will then add your email address to our suppression list, which will ensure you do not receive any further marketing from GBG.
Please be assured we do not sell your personal data to third parties for marketing purposes.
Contests:
Information you provide in regard to contests, sweepstakes, or other inquiries or forms you submit to us.
Requesting further information from us:
Where you request further information from us by completing a form on our website in relation to our products and services, your details will be added to our marketing database to receive marketing from GBG relevant to the products and services you have an interest in. We will collect the following data from you:
Your name (so that we market to the right individual).
Email address (so that we send the marketing to right place).
The marketing preferences indicated by yourself, such as your areas of interest and how you want to be marketed to.
Your IP address (which will no longer be anonymous; we will therefore be able to identify you).
Email pixels
: GBG uses pixels in some of our HTML email messages. Pixels are hyperlinks in remote images that are embedded in the email. The technology provides GBG with analytical information about the user experience and help us customise our marketing activities by monitoring ‘clicks’. No additional personal data is collected. For the avoidance of doubt, this does not include any sharing or selling of any data or any cross context behavioural advertising under US privacy laws.
Conferences and events:
As a global organisation, GBG attends worldwide events and have marketing team members located around the world. GBG will obtain from the event organiser a delegate list of all attendees who will have been informed that their personal data will be shared with GBG.
Entering into an agreement with GBG
: When your organisation enters into an agreement with GBG to provide products and services, we will collect additional information, which is necessary for: The performance of the contract we have with your organisation, such as billing information; and
Providing service messages related to general enhancements, and product update messages related to optional product purchase items to your organisation’s main contacts and product users, for the products and services GBG are providing to you. When you receive an email from GBG it will include an unsubscribe link, which you can click on if you wish to unsubscribe from our marketing lists. We will then add your email address to our suppression list, which will ensure you do not receive any further marketing from GBG.
All personal data we collect is held electronically within our Customer Relationship Management systems (CRM) and email marketing solution HubSpot which are hosted in the United Kingdom and United States respectively.
Purpose and legal basis for processing
We process the information mentioned in this section in order to send you the brochure you requested, call you back, subscribe you to our marketing database or enter into an agreement with your organisation, as applicable. The legal basis we rely on to process this personal data is Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, which allows us to process personal data when it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests subject to a balancing test to ensure our interests are not overridden by yours.
Who will we share your personal data with and why?
GBG will share your information with third party service partners who are acting on behalf of GBG as our data processor. Below are the details of whom GBG will share your personal data with and why:
HubSpot Inc.
: provides GBG with an email marketing solution, which delivers marketing emails on our behalf. HubSpot is headquartered in the US and their product infrastructure is hosted on Amazon Web Services in the United States, with some services being routed through the Google Cloud Platform in Germany. We share the following personal data with HubSpot:
When you are browsing our website, HubSpot capture the anonymous IP address.
At the point that you enter all of the required personal data relating to a free trial, demo, brochure request, or contact information for marketing, HubSpot will receive all of the personal data you provide via the website.
For the purposes of marketing to our existing customer and prospect base and identifying which website visitors are already known to GBG, HubSpot will receive personal data relating to our primary contact and product users at your organisation with whom we correspond as part of a sales process and/or in support and administration of customer contracts.
Price Waterhouse Coopers:
supports GBG with our CRM systems and, as a result, their teams located in Poland may access the live system for technical support.
Microsoft:
our Dynamics 365 CRM system is cloud-based and hosted by Microsoft in the UK. In addition, when you visit our website you will be directed to the Microsoft Azure instance in the region nearest to you (Ireland, Hong Kong, California, or London) and the data will be stored in Ireland.
CustomerSure:
carries out our Voice of the Customer surveys and is based in the UK. In order to determine customers’ level of satisfaction following their interaction with GBG at various pre-defined trigger points, CustomerSure will receive personal information from GBG's CRM systems. This is used to facilitate the sending of an email requesting completion of a survey and, following that, analysis of and appropriate reaction to the feedback received. The data is processed by CustomerSure in the UK with the exception of the disaster recovery backups, which are hosted in Ireland.
GBG can assure you that we have taken all reasonable technical and organisational measures necessary to protect the personal information that our third party service partners may access.
Gong:
records sales related voice and video calls. Email notification will be sent via email prior to the call if there is an intention by GBG to record it. Your consent is collected upon you joining that call. If consent is declined, we will not proceed with the recording and the call will take place without it.
Recording is used to provide training and coaching opportunities and to monitor activity of GBG’s sales teams. Calls recorded using Gong will be retained for 12 months.
Data will be processed and stored by Gong on its servers based in the USA.
SafeBase:
provide GBG's Secure and Trusted centre where you provide your corporate email address to access information required when conducting due diligence on GBG. Your corporate email address is held in the US.
Accuracy
Accuracy of your personal data
As part of the account management process, GBG will on a regular basis enquire if the personal data we hold about you is correct. You can also ensure your personal data is correct by using
this form
.
Alternatively, if your organisation has an agreement with GBG for the provision of services, you can contact your GBG account manager, who will ensure they update your record on our CRM system.
Data retention
How long do we retain your personal data for and why?
Where we have collected your personal data for marketing purposes, we will retain your personal data for as long as you remain subscribed to our mailing lists or until you inform us that you no longer wish to receive marketing from us.
GBG will retain the contact details for leads for up to 6 months, after which they will be deleted.
For account management purposes, we will retain the personal data for as long as we have the relationship with your organisation. If GBG no longer has a relationship with your organisation, then we will only keep the relevant information, such as invoices, for audit purposes for 6 years after the relationship with GBG has ended.
Once GBG is informed you are no longer the contact we need to liaise with or you leave your organisation, we will remove your details from our system.
Transfers outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
GBG is able to transfer data to our processors located in the United States (i.e. HubSpot and Microsoft). We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this privacy notice by implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information.
In addition, as a global organisation, we have sales teams located all over the world. It will be necessary for your personal data to be transferred to them for account management activities or, where you have requested it, for marketing purposes. GBG will ensure the transfer of any personal data outside of the EEA is subject to appropriate safeguards.
Contacting us
Social media
If you contact us through one of our GBG social media accounts by either a publicly visible message or a private direct message, this will be handled by our Communications Team. You will be asked to send your enquiry to the relevant team and provided with their email address. Messages received on social media containing personal data are deleted within one week.
We do not track individuals and the analytics data we receive is not at a granular level. We do not scrape data from LinkedIn. GBG uses Sales Navigator to process personal data within LinkedIn. Obtaining personal data from LinkedIn by any other method is against the terms and conditions of LinkedIn and against GBG policy.
Emails
We use Office 365 encryption (TLS/SSL, IPSec, AES) and Mimecast to encrypt and protect email traffic.
Purpose and legal basis for processing
We process the information mentioned in this section in order to be able to reply to any queries we receive and enhance the services we provide, which we believe also benefits our customers. The legal basis we rely on to process your personal data is Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, which allows us to process personal data when it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, subject to a balancing test to ensure our interests are not overridden by yours.
Visitors to our website
Analytics
We use Google Analytics to measure how users interact with our website in order to understand which parts of our sites are doing well, how people arrive at our site and so on. We use this information to improve our website. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by it. You can learn more about Google Analytics
here
or opt out if you wish
here
.
Cookies
We use various types of cookies in order to identify and track users and to store information about your preferences. Users may disable cookies; however, please keep in mind that if you decide not to accept all of the cookies, some parts of the site might not work properly. You can read more about how we use cookies in our
Cookie Policy
.
Search facility
The search facility on our website does not collect any personal data. Search queries and results are logged anonymously to help us improve the website and search functionality, but we do not have the ability to identify any individuals.
Security and performance
We keep a record of traffic data, which is logged automatically by our server, such as your IP address and any error messages visitors may encounter. Any traffic data we process in order to monitor our website is anonymised when required for analytics.
Purpose and legal basis for processing
We process the information mentioned above for carefully considered and specific purposes mentioned in each section, which are in our legitimate interests to enable us to enhance the services we provide, which we believe also benefits our customers. This is in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, subject to a balancing test to ensure our interests are not overridden by yours.
Visitors to our offices
Visitor book
We meet visitors at our offices, including:
Potential and existing customers
External training providers
Job applicants
Suppliers and tradespeople
Stakeholders
Our visitors are asked to sign in and out at reception. The information collected will be name, company, who you’re visiting, time in/time out, vehicle licence plate number (if applicable), and date. This information will be contained in the visitor’s badge, which you will be required to wear throughout your visit.
At the end of each working week, the visitor forms are securely destroyed.
If your visit is planned, we will send your name and visit information to reception prior to your visit so they are expecting you.
Purpose and legal basis for processing
It is important GBG capture the details of visitors to our offices for various reasons, including but not limited to health and safety, fire safety, building security, and safety of our team members. To process visitor information, we rely on Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, which allows for processing on the basis of legitimate interests, subject to a balancing test to ensure our interests are not overridden by yours.
Digital sign-in system
To book your visit to GBG’s office, you will be asked to use our App to register. The App that is used to collect this information is supplied by Proxyclick, who is based in the EEA and as part of the processing may transfer the data outside of the EEA for the purpose of software support.
The personal data we collect as part of this process is your name, email address and mobile number. We retain your data for 90 days to maintain an audit trail of visitor activity. At the end of this period your personal data will be automatically deleted.
If your visit is planned, we will send your name and visit information to reception prior to your visit so they are expecting you. A visitor badge will be given on arrival, which you will be required to wear throughout your visit.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning how long we keep your personal data for, please contact us using the contact details provided below.
Purpose and legal basis for processing
We use this system to make signing in visitors more efficient and as a way of recording any invoice data necessary to handle our payments to suppliers related to use of our facilities. We rely on legitimate interests as the lawful basis for processing such data under Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, subject to a balancing test to ensure our interests are not overridden by yours.
Wi-Fi
In order to access our on-site guest Wi-Fi, you will need to be on the list of authorised users to access the network. When connecting to the GBG GUEST WI-FI network, you will be asked to enter in the email address of a GBG nominee, who will authorise your request for internet access. Once the GBG nominee has granted you permission, you will have access to the network. We monitor access to our internet, and log traffic information such as the IP address, sites visited, times and dates, log on times and log off times. This data is held for 12 months.
Our purpose for processing this information is to provide you with access to the internet while visiting our office and ensuring it is accessed in accordance with our policies. We are able to process this data on the basis of our legitimate interests in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, subject to a balancing test to ensure our interests are not overridden by yours.
Purpose and legal basis for processing
The purpose for processing this information is to provide you with access to the internet while visiting our office. We are able to process this data on the basis of our legitimate interests in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, subject to a balancing test to ensure our interests are not overridden by yours.
CCTV
Closed-circuit television (CCTV) operates both inside and outside our Chester, Kuala Lumpur, London, Melbourne, Turkey, and Worcester offices.
Generally, recordings will be retained for up to 30 calendar days, after which they will be deleted. Imagery required for investigative or evidential purposes may be retained beyond 30 days and is securely disposed of upon completion/conclusion of the purpose for which it was retained. Offices within a PCI DSS scope must retain CCTV footage for 90 days in order to comply with PCIDSS requirements.
Recordings are retained in a secure environment and are only accessible by authorised personnel who have a legitimate reason to do so.
Any CCTV used in our German, Beijing or New York offices is not operated by us, so we are not the data controller. It will be under the control of the relevant building landlord.
Purpose and legal basis for processing
GBG uses CCTV imagery for the purposes of maintaining the safety and security of our building and team members, and for investigative purposes as evidence to support the effective management of any incidents. We rely on legitimate interests as the lawful basis for processing such data under Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, subject to a balancing test to ensure our interests are not overridden by yours.
Job applications
What personal data GBG collect and why
When you apply online for a position with GBG we will use the information you provide to assist in the recruitment and selection process. There is information we require in order to process your application, which within the software is depicted as mandatory fields. GBG may also seek additional information from other sources, for example, by using your references in the final stages of the recruitment process.
You have the opportunity to provide information in relation to additional adjustments required for the recruitment process to assist you. This is to ensure we enable all individuals to compete on equal terms. You may choose to provide some special category data here, such as ethnicity, religious beliefs or medical conditions, but it is not required and can be provided at a later date.
Purpose and legal basis for processing
Our purpose for processing your data in the event of a job application is to assess your suitability for the role. We rely on Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR, whereby you will provide your consent for the processing of your personal data for the purpose of potential employment.
With regard to any special category data you provide, we collect this information to monitor equality and diversity to ensure we comply with legislation such as the Equality Act 2010. We therefore rely on Article 9(2)(a) of the GDPR which will require explicit consent, since we collect such special category data for the purposes of carrying out our obligations in the field of employment and progressing our inclusion and diversity agenda.
Data retention
Information provided on the application form and any information obtained from other sources will be retained in all cases in hard copy format and/or electronically only for as long as is required for the purposes of:
the administration of your application,
future consideration where applicable (you will be notified separately if your application details will be retained for this purpose and provided with the opportunity to request deletion),
if your application is successful this will form the basis of your employment records, or
discharging any legal or regulatory requirements.
Your data is retained for 12 months within Workable, our applicant tracking system, then it is automatically deleted. If you would like your data deleted sooner, please fill out
this form
or email
compliance@gbgplc.com
or write to: Privacy and Data Compliance, GBG, The Foundation, Chester Business Park, Chester, CH4 9GB so we can raise this as a request for Workable Technology Limited to complete on our behalf.
If your recruitment process goes beyond 12 months, you will be aware of this, with your personal data then held by GBG for the duration of the recruitment process.
If you are successful with your application, the personal data you have supplied to us will form part of your employment record.
Use of data processors
GBG will share your information with third party service partners, who are acting on behalf of GBG as our data processor:
Workable Technology Limited:
provides GBG with the software which controls the recruitment process. This is hosted in the UK. GBG is unable to change the questions which have been asked or the process within the system you are taken through. Whilst Workable Technology Limited controls the “how” from a software perspective and hosts this platform, your personal data is gathered by GBG as the data controller, so we decide on why this is processed, who it is shared with, etc. Workable Technology Limited support and maintenance purposes only.
SHL:
provides GBG with a global talent assessment platform which is hosted in the UK. As part of your application you may be requested to complete this assessment via a separate link. To generate this link, GBG will need to have shared your name and email address. The data entered is then determined by you.
Other third parties
Where you have engaged with an external recruitment agency, they will have shared your details with GBG for a role they have notified you about. The recruitment agency also acts as a data controller.
We are unable to be more explicit in this statement as to who they are as we work with a large number of agencies globally. If you would like more information regarding your personal data, please contact us using
this form
, or by writing to: Privacy and Data Compliance, GBG, The Foundation, Chester Business Park, Chester, CH4 9GB.
We may also contact the named referee(s) you have supplied in order to provide a reference on you. Or once your application has been successful, your details may be shared with other third parties, such as a payroll provider. You will be notified of any further processing at the appropriate time.
Accuracy of your personal data
You enter your own information, so please ensure it is correct. If this needs to be updated, please contact
talentattractionteam@gbgplc.com
who will be able to facilitate your request.
International data transfers
Your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country. However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this privacy notice and local data protection laws. For example, this includes implementing Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal information they process from the EEA and UK in accordance with UK and European Union data protection laws. Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided on request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our data suppliers, third party service providers and partners, and further details can be provided upon request.
Data Security
ISO 27001 Certification
GBG are a global specialist in identity data intelligence for some of the largest organisations in the world, which is why GBG aim to set the highest standards of information security and in doing so, have developed an Information Security Management System (ISMS) to meet the requirements of the ISO 27001:2013 standard. Its aim is to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of GBG and client held information resources and assets, thus safeguarding GBG and its clients from unauthorised access, compromise and/or disclosure of data.
PCI-DSS Certification
Some of the services we provide are compliant with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). Being compliant with PCI DSS means that we are doing our very best to keep our customers’ valuable information safe and secure and out of the hands of people who could use that data in a fraudulent way. PCI ensure technical and operational strengths to raise the bar on our security.
Cyber Essentials Certification
In addition to the above, we have services that are Cyber Essentials accredited, this helps prevent the vast majority of cyber-attacks. Having a Cyber Essentials badge enables us to:
Protect our organisation against common cyber threats.
Demonstrate our commitment to information security.
Your rights under the GDPR
As an individual, you have rights under the GDPR regarding the use of your personal data, these are:
The right to withdraw consent – you can withdraw consent at any time.
The right to erasure – you can request that GBG remove your personal data from our systems.
The right to restrict processing – you can request that GBG only process your personal data for the purposes you specify.
The right to data portability – you can request that the personal data you have provided to GBG be ported to another organisation.
The right to access your personal data – You have a right to know what personal data GBG hold on you and for what purpose we are processing your personal data. This is known as a Subject Access Request (SAR).
The right to rectification – you have the right to ask us to rectify any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
The right to object to processing – you have the right to object to processing if we are able to process your information because the processing is in our legitimate interests.
The right to obtain information upon request on the balancing test we have carried out when determining we are able to rely on legitimate interest as our lawful basis for processing your personal data.
Please keep in mind that some of these rights are subject to an internal assessment that one of the grounds under the GDPR is satisfied.
You can send these requests using
this form
, or by post to:
Privacy & Data Compliance Team
GB Group Plc
The Foundation
Herons Way
Chester Business Park
Chester
CH4 9GB
United Kingdom
Or you can call 0161 909 6713.
You are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights. We have one calendar month to respond to you. If GBG are unable to comply with your request, we will provide you with an explanation.
How to contact us if you're not happy
We appreciate that at GBG we may not always get things right and it is regrettable for us as an organisation when we receive a complaint. We take all complaints seriously and can assure you we will do our best to deliver a satisfactory outcome. If you do wish to complain about how your personal data is used by GBG then please use
this form
, alternatively please write to us at:
Privacy & Data Compliance Team
GB Group Plc
The foundation
Herons Way
Chester Business Park
Chester
CH4 9GB
United Kingdom
GBG will investigate and respond within 10 working days, this allows us time to investigate your complaint thoroughly.
Your right to lodge a complaint with the Supervisory Authority
Where you believe that GBG has not taken our responsibilities with your personal data seriously, you have the right to complain to a Supervisory Authority. In the UK, GBG's regulator is:
The Information Commissioner's office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Telephone number: 0303 123 113 or 01625 545 745
Email:
casework@ico.org.uk
Your US Privacy Rights
This section describes how we collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process personal information of individual residents of US States that currently have privacy laws in effect (each a “US Privacy Law” and collectively, the "US Privacy Laws"). For the purpose of this Privacy Policy “Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under the California Privacy Rights Act. All privacy rights requests will be actioned in accordance with its corresponding US Privacy Law.
Residents of states with Privacy Laws may exercise the following rights below, as applicable to them, via:
our
webform
, or
by calling our toll-free number: 1(833) 383 0085
Right to Know/Access.
You have the right to request/access information on, the personal information we collected about you in the last 12 months,  including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which your personal information was collected from, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing your personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed your personal information to, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information in a portable format.
Right to Delete.
You have the right to request that we delete Personal Data that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to Correct
. You have a right to request that we correct inaccurate Personal Data that we maintain on you.
Right to Opt Out.
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your Personal Data, profiling, and targeted advertising. However, please note that we do not engage in sales of data nor do we engage in profiling conducted in furtherance of decisions with legal or similarly significant effects.
Right to No Discrimination
. You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of your privacy rights. This includes employee, applicant, or independent contractor rights to not to be retaliated against for the exercise of your privacy rights. We will not discriminate against you, in any manner prohibited by applicable law, for exercising these rights.
Sensitive Personal Data: We will not use or discloses your sensitive personal information for purposes other than those specified in section 7027 of the California Consumer Privacy Act regulations, subsection (m).
Shine the Light: California residents that have an established business relationship with us have rights to know how their information is disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes under California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civ. Code $1798.83).
Verification
: In order to exercise your rights, we will need to obtain information to locate you in our records and verify your identity depending on the nature of the request. If you are submitting a request on behalf of a household, we will need to verify each member of the household in the manner set forth in this section.
For Right to Know, Right to Correct, and Right to Delete, we may request an ID Document, as well as information on your First Name, Last Name, Email Address, Phone, Postal Address, and Date of Birth to verify your identity and ask that you declare, under penalty of perjury, that you are who you say you are.
Authorized Agents
: You may use an authorized agent to exercise your rights on your behalf, in accordance with your applicable US Privacy Law. If you are making any of the requests above through an authorized agent, we will request written authorization from you and will seek to verify you as described above or (in regards to California residents) we will accept a legal Power of Attorney under the California Probate Code to the authorized agent. To make a request using an authorized agent, use our
webform
and upload documentation demonstrating you have authorized the agent to exercise rights on your behalf.
Appeal
: If you are a resident of a US State that allows you to appeal a decision we have made in connection with your attempt to assert a right under applicable US Privacy Law, you may file an appeal of our decision by contacting us at
compliance@gbgplc.com
. Please ensure you provide us with the postal address in which you reside, accompanied with details for the basis of your appeal.
Appeal complaints: Your jurisdiction may allow you to file a complaint regarding any concerns with the result of your appeal request. US residents whose states have enacted an applicable privacy law may file a complaint with their corresponding state’s Attorney General or dedicated Agency if they have concerns about the result of the appeal.
Description of Personal Information Practices
Personal Data Categories
Sources of Personal Data
Business or Commercial Purpose for Collection
Have we Sold the Personal Data
With Whom We Share Personal Data
Identifiers and information protected by Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e), such as real name, address, telephone number, email address, date of birth,
You or GBG customers to whom you provide it to.
To enable use of our Sites, Services, products, to communicate with you, to understand how our users interact with our Sites, to improve our offerings, to market our products or services, to secure our Services, to fulfil our legal compliance obligations, in connection with a business merger or transaction, and otherwise for internal business purposes and to comply with applicable legal requirements
No
We share this information with our service providers, and with business customers partners and affiliates, in order to enable our Services and products to function.
Financial information, such as credit or debit card information (solely in relation to our B2B transactions with our customers).
You
To transact with you if you use our products or services, to enable transactions you’ve requested, and otherwise for our own internal business purposes
No
We share this information with our service providers and business partners and affiliates, in order to enable our Services and products to function
Commercial information and preferences, such as product purchase history, and contact information (name, job, title, work email, phone, and address) (solely in relation to our B2B transactions).
You
To transact with you, in your capacity as a B2B employee, if you use our Sites, products, or services, to enable transactions you’ve requested as a B2B employee, to market our products or services, and for our own internal business purposes such as record-keeping
No
We share this information with our service providers, third party advertising and analytics partners, and business partners and affiliates, in order to enable our Services and products to function
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as system version, browser type, internet service provider, browsing history, websites visited prior to our Sites, cookie IDs, device type, details about how you use our Site, the referring web page and pages visited, and other similar activity information
Your device
To enable use of our Sites, to communicate with you, to understand how you interact with our Sites, to secure our Services, to market our products or Services, and to improve our offerings
No
We share this information with our service providers, third party advertising and analytics partners, and business partners and affiliates, in order to enable our Services and products to function
Image: Photo on a passport, driving license, or other identification document, (including the personal information contained therein), self-taken photos
You or GBG customers to whom you provide it to.
To enable use of our services and products.
No
We share this information with our service providers, and business customers partners and affiliates
Sensitive Personal Information:
your driver’s license, passport, social security numbers, and any citizenship/immigration status contained in your passport;
Biometric Information
, meaning facial algorithms match scores for the purpose of authenticating ID documents
You or GBG customers to whom you provide it to.
To enable use of our services and products. For employees, we would collect this for standard and/or legally mandated hiring and HR purposes only.
No
We share this information with our service providers and business customers and partners and affiliates, in order to enable our Services and products to function
Professional or employment-related information, such as job title, employment history, background checks, and organizational affiliation
You, or any third party to whom you have granted permission to provide us with the relevant personal information
To provide services or products you’ve requested, to comply with applicable legal obligations, and for internal business purposes. For employees, we would collect this for standard and/or legally mandated hiring and HR purposes
No
We share this information with our service providers and business partners and affiliates, in order to enable our Services and products to function
Timing
: We will respond to rights requests, in compliance with the applicable US Privacy Law, usually within 45 days, unless we need more time in which case we will notify you and may take up to 90 days total to respond to your request if allowed to do so under applicable US Privacy Law.
Minors
under 16
: Please note that we do not knowingly collect or disclose personal information in relation to minors under the age of 16.
Your Nevada Notice
If you are a resident of the State of Nevada, you may opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. We do not currently sell covered information thereunder, but should you have any questions as a Nevada resident please email us at
compliace@gbgplc.com
.
Pursuant to US Privacy Law requirements, below is a summary of the Personal Data we collect and process:
Personal Data Collected/Processed.
For any questions or concerns about our privacy policies and Information Practices please contact our US Data Protection Team using the following email:
compliance@gbgplc.com
.
Log in
Select a product to log in to your GBG account below
ID3global
Identity Verification
Log in
Investigate
Identity Investigation
Log in
Loqate
Global Address Verification and Geocoding
Log in
Connexus
Trace and investigate
Log in
Cookie Policy
We use cookies to deliver our online services set out in our Cookie Policy including ads and social media features. We use analytical and targeted media cookies to enhance your experience. To proceed to the site and consent to our cookies, click Accept. To modify your cookie preferences, click "Change Preferences".
For the full details of each of the cookies we use please see our cookie policy here.
Change Preferences Settings
Accept Only Necessary
Accept Cookies
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Functional Cookies
Analytics Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Read more about giving consent to cookies
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Analytics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 1
https://www.royalmail.com/privacy-notice:
Skip to main content
close
Search
Clear input
Track your item
Book a collection
Sending in the UK
Sending internationally
Find a postcode or address
close
Search
Clear input
Track your item
Book a collection
Sending in the UK
Sending internationally
Find a postcode or address
Royal Mail Group privacy notice
We are committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your personal information (data) in line with current data protection laws. This privacy notice explains how we collect and use your personal data and tells you about your privacy rights.
We’ve split the information into sections so that you can click through to the areas you need.
This notice explains how we, Royal Mail Group Limited, use your personal data.
Personal data is information which relates to a person who has been, or could be, identified from it. Examples may include a person’s name, address, email address and other personal details.
Royal Mail Group Limited includes the Royal Mail and Parcelforce Worldwide businesses and any subsidiaries. The personal data of yours that we use includes:
•    details we collect about you when you use our websites and apps
•    information provided when you use or receive our services, and
•    information we receive from other sources.
We will usually be the ‘data controller’ responsible for how and why personal data is used.  We may sometimes use personal data on behalf of another organisation, as that organisation’s ‘data processor’. In this case, that other organisation will explain how your personal data could be used.
Our address is:
Royal Mail Group Limited
185 Farringdon Road
London
EC1A 1AA
When you use or receive our products or services, we will sometimes need to give you additional information about how we will use your personal data. You should read this privacy notice with any other notice or information we provide.
This privacy notice applies if you use any of our products or services. This includes using any of our websites (such as royalmail.com, royalmailgroup.com or parcelforce.com) or apps. This policy also applies if you contact us or we contact you about our services by post, phone, email, text message, push notifications (automatic messages sent by apps) or other methods (including posts on websites and social-media platforms).
We use different types of personal data. This includes information you give us and information we create when providing services to you or other customers or if you interact with us in other ways (for example, if you make deliveries to us). It may also include information you give us about another person.
The table below gives more details of the personal data we use and how we get it.
Types of data
What it includes
Where we get it from
Your identity and contact data
This includes:
•    your name
•    your date of birth
•    your address and other delivery locations (including GPS co-ordinates and map positions), and
•    other contact information, such as your email address and phone numbers.
It may also include other identifiers such as:
•    tracking numbers, barcodes and reference numbers on items we collect or deliver, and
•    details of any electronic device you use to access our services, such as its IP address and operating system.
If you work for one of our business customers, we will record:
•    your business’s name
•    your position in the business, and
•    the business’s address, email address and phone numbers.
If you work for an organisation that supplies services to or works with us, we will also record:
•    your organisation’s name
•    your position in the organisation, and
•    the organisation’s address, email address and phone numbers.
We may also collect contact information of children who use or receive our services.
You provide this information whenever you:
•    contact us directly
•    use our websites or apps
•    fill in one of our forms
•    apply online for a service from us, or
•    use or receive our services.
If you access our services through a smart-speaker or similar technology, we may receive this information from the company providing that technology.
We also collect some of this data when we scan any barcodes on items in our network.
We sometimes receive these personal details from other people and organisations, such as:
•    people sending mail to you
•    organisations who ask us to arrange a collection from or delivery to you, and
•    public sources such as the electoral roll.
We may collect children’s data if the child is included in your application for our Redirection service, somebody sends a child a letter or parcel, or a child uses one of our services. This includes when children send letters to Santa, either from home or school.
Financial details
This includes:
records of the costs of the products and services you have bought
records of your payments, and
your payment information, such as credit card or debit card payment details.
You provide this information when you use our services or receive a payment.
We may also receive this information from other organisations such as banks and
credit-reference agencies (for example, when they authorise a payment from you or to help us check your identity).
Marketing preferences
This is the information we have about your preferences for receiving marketing from us.
We record this information when you contact us (for example, when you apply for one of our services or register with one of our websites). You can update your marketing preferences at any time.
Customer records
This is our record of the products and services you have used, including:
•    records of letters and parcels you have sent, if you have an account with us, or
•    the name and address you provided as the sender of a letter or parcel.
You provide much of this information when you use our services. We will also record this information while providing our services.
Address history
This is your old address and your new address when you arrange a Redirection service.
You provide this information as part of your application for the Redirection service. We may also receive this information from someone else in your household if they apply for the service.
Other address details
In limited cases, a delivery address may include personal data (for example, if a house name includes the occupier’s surname).
Ofcom regulations state that we do not have to deliver items to some addresses, or to collect items from them. We keep records of these addresses and the reasons why our usual obligations do not apply.
We may receive these address details from you or from a local authority.
Contact history and records of enquiries, complaints and claims
These are details of any enquiry, complaint or claim you have made to us. The details may include:
•    copies of letters, emails and call recordings
•    the details of your enquiry, comment or complaint (including sensitive information, known as ‘special category data’, such as information about your health, religion or ethnic background)
•    any other information we need to deal with the matter and reply to you, and
•    the results of your enquiry, comment or complaint.
You provide some of this information when you make your enquiry, complaint or claim. We will also record some information when dealing with the matter.
Proof of delivery information
These are records of delivery, including the name and address of the person who accepts delivery of an item and any signature that person gives us.
You provide this information when you accept delivery of an item, including when you accept delivery of an item for someone else.
International shipping details
This is information relating to international letters and parcels. It includes:
•    the name and address of the person sending the item
•    the name and address of the person receiving the item, and
•    details of the item’s contents.
We may receive this information from overseas postal authorities or carriers when you receive a letter or parcel from overseas.
If you send a letter or parcel overseas, you may need to give us this information for delivery purposes, customs and tax purposes, or security screening.
Recipient information
This includes records of letters or parcels delivered to you and the services used by the sender.
We use your name and address to collect, sort, track and deliver items to you. The sender may also give us other contact information, such as your phone number or email address, so we can enable you to track your delivery.
We receive this information from the sender or collect it from the details attached to the outside of letters and parcels in our network.
We may also receive this information from overseas postal authorities or carriers if the item is sent to you from overseas.
Recordings of you
These include:
•    images and audio recorded on CCTV and other equipment used to protect our customers, employees and property, and
•    call recordings made for training purposes or for other records.
We may record images of you if you visit a location where there is CCTV. We may also record phone calls between you and us.
Images of you or your chosen delivery locations
These include:
•    photos of you or other people (for example, if an image is uploaded to be printed on a product or stamp), and
•    photos of delivery locations
You or other people may send us these images.
We may also take photos of locations you have identified as safe for us to deliver parcels to.
Proof of Age
This is a record of any age checks carried out when items cannot be delivered to people under a certain age.
We may make a record that you meet the age requirements for an item we have delivered.
Online Sellers
Some of our services involve us having access to your account with online sellers or other websites.
If you give us permission to access your account details, we will receive data from you, the website or both.
Under data protection law, we can only use your personal data if we have a ‘legal basis’ (genuine legal reason) for doing so.  The table below sets out and explains each legal basis we rely on and the purpose of using your personal data.  More than one legal basis could apply when we use your personal data for a particular purpose, so the table explains the relevant ones.
When
Why
Providing services to you when there is a contract in place with you. This includes:
•    taking necessary steps to make sure your mail is delivered
•    sending you service messages and updates
•    providing proof of postage or delivery, and
•    opening an account for you (including for using our apps).
Contract – We need to use your data to provide these services to you in line with that contract.
Providing postal services to you when you have paid us to do so but we don’t have a contract or agreement in place with you. This includes:
•    taking necessary steps to make sure your mail is delivered or returned to the sender
•    sending you service messages and updates, and
•    providing proof of postage or delivery.
Some of our products and services have special terms and conditions and are known as ‘schemes’. These schemes mean that we do not need to have individual contracts with each customer using these products or services. You can find more information at
https://www.royalmail.com/non-contract-terms-and-conditions
Legitimate Interests –  we need to process your data to provide postal services you have paid for.
Providing postal services requested by another person or organisation. For example, when someone sends you a letter or parcel, we will use your data to deliver or return it, enable you to track it or provide delivery updates. These services include:
•    taking necessary steps to make sure your mail is delivered or returned to the sender
•    making changes to a scheduled delivery (such as the time or delivery point)
•    confirming to the sender where and when the item was delivered
•    contacting you to confirm whether you have received an item if the sender claims you may not have done
•    arranging to collect a letter or parcel from you.
Legitimate interests – We need to use your data to provide these services.
Providing you with:
•    services which allow you to manage deliveries of letters and parcels
•    services which allow you to manage other options, including making changes to a scheduled delivery, and
•    information about your sending history, your address and locations you have looked up by using our services.
Legitimate interests and consent – We need to use your data to provide these services. The terms and conditions of the service will explain when we need your permission to use your data for a specific purpose, and how to give that permission.
Processing payments and refunds for our services.
Contract – We need to use your data to process payments and refunds in line with our contract with you.
Taking necessary steps when you have accepted a parcel on behalf of someone else (such as your neighbour). This may include using your data to:
•    complete the delivery
•    give your details to the sender and the person the item was sent to, to let them know you have the item, and
•    allow the delivery to be properly tracked within the postal service
Legitimate interests and consent - We need to use your data to provide these services.  The terms and conditions of the service will explain when we need your permission to use your data for a specific purpose, and how to give that permission.
Providing delivery updates to the sender and the person the item was sent to, as part of our track and trace services.
Legitimate interests – We need to monitor our delivery services to improve them and provide better information to our customers.
Dealing with enquiries, complaints or claims and giving you the opportunity to provide reviews of our services.
Legitimate interests – We may need to use your data to help us deal with enquiries, complaints or claims raised by you or anyone else.
Providing data to business customers and the UK Government.
We need to share your data to support the interests of business customers and the UK Government. This includes:
•    helping businesses to keep accurate, up-to-date addresses for their customers
•    helping businesses to target their marketing, and
•    helping businesses and the UK Government to check identities and prevent fraud.
Legitimate interests – Our business customers and the UK Government have a legitimate interest to use data in these ways, and we have a legitimate interest to support them.
Marketing our products and services to customers and possible customers. This may include:
•    running competitions and promotions
•    making sure that when you click on our online adverts you’re linked to the right webpage, and
•    checking how effective our adverts are (for example, by monitoring whether you download our apps or visit our website after clicking on one of them).
Legitimate interests and consent – We may need to use your data to send you marketing information about our products and services with you. In some circumstances, we will ask for your permission before sending you marketing.
You always have the right to opt out of receiving marketing information sent specifically to you. See section 4 below for more information about marketing.
Improving our customers' experience of our services and websites. For example, we use information about your visits to our websites to help us understand how different people use them and how long they spend on particular pages.
Legitimate interests – We use your data to help us understand how you use our services so we can improve them.
Carrying out market research and analysis to improve existing services and develop new ones. For example, we may develop new postal or data services for business customers to help them keep their address database up to date, identify and prevent fraud and check identities, or to target their marketing.
Legitimate interests and legal obligation – We need to use your data to improve the products and services we offer and to develop new services for you and other customers. This may involve us, or a market research organisation working for us, contacting you for feedback on our services.
We also need to use your data to help us follow regulations, including to check levels of customer satisfaction.
Maintaining security, preventing fraud and money laundering, and taking action against fraudsters and other criminals. This includes:
•    identifying and stopping illegal scam mail
•    using credit checks, and
•    using personal data to support or defend legal action, including as evidence in court cases.
Legitimate interests – We sometimes need to use data to protect rights, property and personal safety.
See section 6 below for more information about security and preventing fraud.
Customs and tax purposes, and security screening, for overseas items.
Legal obligation – We need to use personal data to help us follow revenue and customs regulations and to protect the mail in our network.
Preventing and detecting crime, including using CCTV to protect our customers, employees and property.
Legitimate interests – We sometimes need to use personal data to:
•    protect the rights, property and personal safety of our staff and customers, and
•    keep the mail items in our network safe.
We may also use this information in investigations and legal action related to any crime detected, including as evidence in legal disputes and court proceedings.
Preventing illegal or unauthorised sharing or processing of personal data and confidential information.
Legitimate interests – We sometimes need to monitor and block communications between our staff and others to protect the security of personal data and confidential information.
Meeting legal requirements. For example, under postal services law we must maintain the Postcode Address File and make it available to people and organisations who want to use it under particular terms.
Legal obligation – We may need to use your data to help us carry out our legal and regulatory responsibilities as postal operators and under health and safety law.
Protecting our workforce.
Legitimate interests and legal obligation – We may need to use your data to help us meet health and safety requirements and our legal duty to protect our workforce. This includes identifying addresses which we will not deliver to or collect from.
Marketing
We would like to keep in touch with you, by post, email, phone, social media or online, about our products, services and offers that might interest you. You can choose whether you want to receive these communications and can opt out at any time.
We have a legitimate interest in promoting our products and services, but if you ask us not to send you marketing communications, we won't send them. In particular, when we collect contact information that we would like to use to send you marketing, we will give you the opportunity, at that time, to tell us not to send it.
Making sure our marketing messages are relevant to you
We want to make sure the information we send you about our products and services is relevant to you. To do this, we may use your personal data to help us understand your interests better. We may also use details of your computer, laptop, smartphone or tablet (including its IP address) to check you are linked to the right web page after clicking on one of our online adverts. If you visit our websites, we may also use cookies to tell us which marketing to send you. Please see section 11 below for information about cookies.
These approaches help us to make our communications more relevant and interesting for you. Looking at the web pages you’ve visited and the things you’ve bought helps us to understand you as a customer better and allows us to provide personalised services, content, communications and online advertising. We may also measure how you respond to our marketing communications to help us understand how effective they are and offer you products and services that better meet your needs.
If you don’t want us to personalise our marketing messages to you in this way, you can opt out of personalisation. If you do this, we will not send you any more marketing communications. Please see section 11 below to find out more about how you can control whether we use cookies in marketing to you.
Tracking technology
We use industry-standard technology to monitor your engagement with marketing communications and send emails automatically, so that we can send you relevant emails at the right time. We use ‘tracking pixels’ to recognise when you have opened an email that we sent to you. If you don’t want us to use tracking pixels, you can use your email settings so that images are not automatically displayed.
Changing your marketing preferences
You can change your marketing preferences at any time. You can do this:
·
online
·
over the phone
·
using the ‘unsubscribe’ link in our marketing emails
·
by replying STOP to our marketing text messages
·
through our apps, or
·
by writing to us at any time.
If you say you do not want to receive marketing information from us, this will prevent you from receiving offers or hearing about other products which may be of interest to you.
If you have registered through our royalmail.com website, you can change your marketing preferences online at any time through the ‘My Account’ section of the website at
www.royalmail.com/user/login
.
Parcelforce Worldwide account customers can change their preferences through the ‘My Profile’ section of the Parcelforce Worldwide website at
www.parcelforce.com/user/login
You can also contact our Information Rights and Governance team at
information.rights@royalmail.com
to ask us to stop sending marketing emails, letters or other forms of direct marketing.
Service information
We may need to send you communications about the service you are using. For example, we send our customers order confirmations, delivery updates, invoices and notice of changes to our terms or prices.
If you choose to opt out of marketing, we may still need to send you this kind of information.
Communication preferences
If you choose to turn off app notifications on your phone, you may still receive notifications and other service messages from us in other ways (for example, by text message, email or letter).
Market research
We like to hear your views as this can help us to improve our products and services. So, from time to time we may contact you to carry out market research or a survey, or ask a market research organisation working for us to do so. You always have the choice about whether to take part in our market research.
Our employees and agents
Our employees, or agents who act on our behalf, may use your data for the purposes set out in sections 3 and 4 above. For example, if you contact us with an enquiry or complaint, members of our Customer Service Team will see your information.
Customers
We share your personal data with our customers when we provide them with services which involve you. For example, if a customer has arranged for an item to be sent to you, we will give them delivery updates and proof that it has been delivered.  This proof may confirm where we delivered the item and show any signature the person who received the item gave us.
Online shopping platforms
If you buy postage through an online shopping platform such as eBay or Amazon, or if we deliver items you have bought from them, we may share your personal data with them to provide updates on an item’s location and proof of delivery.
Other organisations
We may share your data with other organisations if this is necessary as part of providing services to you or them. For example, we may share information with our technology providers and with the Post Office so that you can access our services (for example, when collecting a letter or parcel from your local Post Office branch or other services who provide collection services for us).  If you access our services through a smart-speaker or similar technology, we may also share your data with the organisations providing that technology so you can receive those services.  We will also inform our app providers when you have downloaded any of our apps.
We may also share your personal data with other organisations for legal purposes, to prevent or detect crime, or to protect someone’s rights, property or safety. These organisations include the police, law enforcement agencies and fraud-prevention agencies. This may include telling other organisations about addresses we will not deliver to or collect from.
If you use our Redirection service, unless you ask us not to, we may sometimes sell information about you to help organisations update their contact details, or so specific types of organisation can send you offers that people moving home may be interested in. You will find more details, including information on how you can choose for us not to sell your information, in the terms and conditions for our Redirection service.
We may pass your name, contact details (such as your email address), and details of your purchases from us, to organisations that help us with market research.
Postal authorities and overseas carriers
We will share your personal data with overseas postal authorities and carriers. If you are sending a letter or parcel overseas or receiving an item from overseas, we will provide the information required for customs and tax purposes or for security screening. This information will normally include:
•    the sender’s name and address
•    the name and address of the person receiving the item, and
•    details of the item’s contents.
Information required by law or regulation
If required by any law or regulation, we may share your personal data with regulators such as the Information Commissioner.
We may share some of the personal data we hold about you with fraud-prevention agencies, who will use it to prevent fraud and money laundering and to confirm your identity. If fraud is detected, you could be refused certain services, finance, or employment. Further details of how we will use your information, the fraud-prevention agencies, and your data protection rights, can be found at
www.cifas.org.uk/fpn
.
Royal Mail Group and other organisations may also use your personal data to prevent fraud and money laundering when, for example:
•    checking details on applications for credit and credit-related or other facilities
•    managing credit and credit-related accounts or facilities
•    recovering debt
•    checking details on proposals (applications) and claims for all types of insurance
•    checking details of job applicants and employees, and
•    identifying and preventing illegal scam mail.
We and other organisations will also use the information recorded by fraud-prevention agencies from other countries.
New business customers
If you are a new business customer applying for a credit account, we may give some of your personal data to TransUnion International UK Limited or Experian Limited, credit-reference agencies providing services such as checking credit risk and affordability, fraud prevention, preventing money laundering, confirming identities and tracing debts.
TransUnion and Experian will use your personal data to provide services to us and their other clients. We use their services in order to assess your creditworthiness and the suitability of products, check your identity, manage your account, trace and recover debts, and prevent criminal activity such as fraud and money laundering. More information about TransUnion and Experian and how they use and share personal data can be found at
www.transunion.co.uk/legal/privacy-centre
and
www.experian.co.uk/legal/
.
We may share your personal data overseas if we or another organisation abroad need it for any of the reasons set out above. For example, if you are sending a letter or parcel overseas, we may need to share your data with the overseas postal company.
If we use a service provider or technology provider based overseas, we may also need to share your data with them (for example, to provide the product or service you have asked for, to process your payment details or to provide support services).
We will make sure that your personal data is protected by law or under a contract that is in line with UK law.
We only keep your data for as long as we need to use it. This will depend on the product or service we are providing. There may also be legal requirements for us to keep your data for a certain length of time.
If we receive your personal data from a customer using our services (for example, to send you a letter or parcel), we will keep that information only for as long as is necessary for the service in question. The person or organisation that provided your information to us may keep it for longer, in line with their own requirements.
Similarly, if we provide proof of delivery information to a customer who sent you an item, they may keep this information in line with their own requirements.
You have the following rights in relation to your personal data.
The right to be informed
We will give you information about how we use your personal data at the time we collect it from you (for example, when you open an account or apply for a service online), or through privacy notices such as this one.
The right to access your personal data
You have the right to get a copy of your personal data and details of how we use it.
You can ask for details of the personal data we hold about you by contacting our Information Rights and Governance Team at
information.rights@royalmail.com
. We may need proof of your identity. We will also need you to tell us which information and uses of your data you want to know about (for example, which of our services were involved and when we might have used the data).  We may also ask you to fill in an optional application form to help us confirm your identity and trace the information you need.
The right to have your data corrected
You have the right to have your data corrected if it is wrong or incomplete.
We will do our best to make sure your personal data is accurate and up to date. However, we rely on you to check that some of the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please let us know about any changes to your information (for example, by updating your account details on our websites).
The right to object
You have the right to object to some uses of your personal data, such as for marketing (as set out in section 4 above). However, if the law allows us to continue using your data, we may do so.
The right to have your data deleted
You have the right to ask us to delete your personal data from our records if there is no legitimate reason for us to continue using it. However, if there is a legitimate reason for us to use it, we will not be able to delete it.
The right to restrict use of your data
You have the right to limit the use of your personal data if:
•    you feel that it is not accurate and needs to be checked
•    you disagree with our legal reasons for using your data and want us to reconsider using it
•    we are using your data in a way that is not allowed by law, but you do not want it to be deleted, or
•    we no longer need the data, but you want us to hold it for the purposes of a legal claim.
The right to transfer your data
You have the right to ask us to transfer your personal data to another organisation. We must do this if the transfer is, as data protection law says, ‘technically feasible’.
This right only applies to personal data which you have given to us and which we use either with your agreement or to keep to a contract we have with you.
The right to withdraw your agreement to use personal data
If you have agreed we may use your personal data in a certain way, you can withdraw that agreement at any time.
For support relating to your personal-data rights, please contact our Information Rights and Governance Team at
information.rights@royalmail.com
.
The Information Commissioner’s Office provides full details of your data protection rights. There is more information on their own website.
The right to withdraw your agreement to use personal data
If you have agreed we may use your personal data in a certain way, you can withdraw that agreement at any time.
For support relating to your personal-data rights, please contact our Information Rights and Governance Team at
information.rights@royalmail.com
.
The Information Commissioner’s Office provides full details of your data protection rights. There is more information on
their own website
.
If you have a question or complaint about Royal Mail products or services, please contact
Royal Mail Customer Services
If you have a question or complaint about Parcelforce Worldwide products or services, please contact
Parcelforce Worldwide Customer Services
.
If you have any questions about your personal data, you can contact our Information Rights and Governance Team at the following address.
Information Rights and Governance Team
Royal Mail Group
Pond Street
SHEFFIELD
S98 6HR
Email:
information.rights@royalmail.com
Our Data Protection Officer
You can contact our Data Protection Officer at:
Royal Mail Group
185 Farringdon Road
London
EC1A 1AA
Email:
information.rights@royalmail.com
Your right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office
If you believe we have not met our legal duties, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office at the following address.
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
SK9 5AF
Website:
www.ico.org.uk
Cookies are text files placed on your computer when you use a website or app. When you use our websites and apps, we will ask you whether you agree to us using cookies to collect information about:
•    the devices you use to access those websites and apps, and
•    how you use those websites and apps (for example, the pages and content you’ve looked at).
It’s up to you whether to agree to us using cookies.  For more details of the cookies we use, including cookies which help us to target advertising messages at you, please see the cookies policy on the website or app you are using.
If you are in the European Union and would like to contact our representative there, their name and address are:
General Logistics Solutions B.V.
Breguetlaan 28-30
1438 BC Oude Meer
Netherlands.
13. Changes to our privacy notice
We will review our privacy notice regularly and post any updates on this web page. This privacy notice was last updated in May 2024.
This privacy notice is also available in
Welsh
,
Spanish
,
Italian
,
French
,
Polish
,
German
and
Dutch
. However, only the English language version is our actual privacy notice. The translations were last updated in November 2019, and will be renewed in 2024.
Breadcrumb
Home
Current page:
Privacy notice
2D569042-6990-413A-805A-A46371AB1EFD
Icon - Collect
Clear
Icon - In progress
Icon - Location
Icon - Send item
Icon - Success
Your Royal Mail cookie preferences
We use cookies to help give you the best possible experience on our site:
1. “Strictly necessary” cookies are essential in supporting the website and are always on
2. “Functional” cookies boost the website’s performance
3. “Performance” cookies support site performance analysis
4. “Targeting” cookies help us personalise content and tailor ads for you
By clicking “Accept” you agree to our use of cookies as detailed in our
Cookies policy
. To enable or disable specific types of cookie, click “Let me choose”.
{{opt_in}}
{{opt_out}}
Sub-policy 2
https://www.yodel.co.uk/privacy-cookies-policy:
Your choice regarding cookies on this site
We use cookies on this site to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience. Accept or manage your preferences for the cookies we use
Accept and close
Manage cookies
Close menu
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Update your cookie preferences here.
Privacy and Cookies Policy
1.   Who we are and how to contact us?
We obtain your personal information when you use our website or mobile application to provide you with parcel delivery services.
We ask that you read this privacy notice carefully as it contains important information about the personal information we collect about you, how we use it, and the situations in which we may share your information with other organisations.
The website and mobile application are operated by Yodel Delivery Network company number 05200072 and registered office at Skyways Hub, Speke Road, Speke. Liverpool L70 1AB.
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679, UK GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018 (the Act and GDPR together the 'Data Protection Legislation’) Yodel Delivery Network is the data controller.
This means that we are responsible for, and control the processing of, your personal information. We are registered with the Information Commissioner's Office, or ICO, under registration number Z8874457.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about how we use your personal information, please contact
data.protection@yodel.co.uk
or write to us at the Data Protection Team, Skyways Hub, Speke Road, Speke. Liverpool L70 1AB.
2.   What information we process and why
When you visit our website or mobile application and use our delivery, return, send or click and collect services, we need to process your information for a number of different reasons.  The types of personal information processed, and the legal bases are explained below.
When you use our
website or mobile application
, we may process the following information:
information that you provide via our mobile application for your preferences, for example email addresses, phone numbers, safe place images etc.
information including images providing proof of delivery
information that you provide by filling in forms on the website, for example, your name and contact details
details of queries or complaints you submit through the website via customer chats
information submitted in surveys or competitions that you take part in (but only if you provide your consent)
website cookie data essential to the operation of our website and all other cookie data subject to your consent (see Cookies section later for further information)
Legal basis
: When you use our website or mobile application, we use your information because it is in our legitimate interests as a business to manage our website and mobile application and to promote our products and services
When you use our
delivery services
we may process:
the name, address, contact details of the parcel sender and parcel recipient.  Without this information, we would be unable to provide the requested delivery service e.g., we may send these by push messages, SMS or by email
other correspondence with you in relation to the delivery service e.g., customer delivery surveys
the location of your parcel, through parcel tracking functionality
if you open a Yodel account, email address, postal address and postcode, mobile phone number and any images you provide or we provide as proof of delivery
Legal bases
: When you use our delivery services, we use your information to perform a contract that we have entered into with you or because it is in our legitimate interests as a business to provide delivery services to you and to continue to improve our services.  We may also use your information for other reasons because you have given your explicit consent (e.g., in the case of marketing communications)
3.   Marketing
We would like to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you and may contact you about these by email.
We will only send you marketing, if you have consented to us contacting you in this way. You can ask us to stop sending you marketing emails at any time by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your personal information, clicking on the 'unsubscribe' link in any of our marketing communications or contacting us at
data.protection@yodel.co.uk
.
The length of time we keep your personal data will vary depending on the nature of the personal data and the reason we are obliged to hold it. We will apply appropriate measures to protect your personal data.
4.   Third parties who process your data on our behalf
We sometimes select third parties to process your personal data on our behalf in order to provide the right service to us and in turn to provide the service to you.  We only transfer your personal data to third parties who adhere to appropriate data security standards and controls.
We may also transfer your personal data to the following third parties:
The Client who requested your delivery (where relevant, including any correspondence with you in relation to the delivery and tracking information
The store from which you may collect your delivery
Technology service providers – our partners who provide IT and website services, including secure payment providers, parcel tracking services, or who we engage to analyse data on our behalf
Customer service providers who work with us to support your delivery and provide you with any help you may need
Third-party delivery companies – our Third-party and/or Self-Employed couriers and parcel firms who may deliver parcels on your behalf
Regulators and other governmental agencies or law enforcement agencies
Where you sign into your Yodel account using your Facebook or Google account, we can use this to create a profile on you, your preferences, likes and dislikes in order to provide a personalised service, and content and offers that match your profile or which we believe may be of interest to you.  Please follow Google or Facebook instructions if you wish to opt out of this
5.   Transfers of your information out of the EU
Occasionally we may need to transfer your personal data to countries outside the UK. Where this is the case, we ensure that the transfer is subject to appropriate safeguards to protect your personal data and complies with applicable law which may include having standard contractual clauses in place with the third-party.
6.   Your Rights
In addition to the right to be informed about how we use your personal information (as set out in this privacy notice), you have various other rights in respect of the personal information we hold about you – these are set out in more detail below.
Some of these rights only apply in certain circumstances and we may not be able to fulfil every request.
If we receive a request from you to exercise any of the following rights, we may ask you to verify your identity before acting on the request; this is to ensure that your data is protected and kept secure.
Right of Access
You have the right to make a request for copies of the personal data we are processing for you.  This is known as a Subject Access Request. To exercise your right of access please notify us via any of our contacts detailed at the beginning of this policy.
Right to Rectification
If you believe that we hold inaccurate personal data about you, then you can request that your data be updated. Depending on the type of personal data you believe is inaccurate, we may ask you for further proof to ensure that the personal data is being corrected properly. If we are satisfied that the personal data is inaccurate, we will make the necessary changes. Please understand that records of deliveries may not be able to be altered given our mandate to comply with regulatory and legal requirements.  To exercise your right to rectification please notify us via any of our contacts detailed at the beginning of this policy.
Right to Erasure
You have a right to ask for your personal data to be erased. However, this right will not apply where we are required to comply with a legal obligation or where we need personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. We cannot comply with an erasure request where you have been provided services for which we must keep records.  To exercise your right to erasure please notify us via any of our contacts detailed at the beginning of this policy. When we receive your request, we will confirm whether the information has been deleted or tell you the reason why it cannot be deleted.
Right to Restriction
You have a right to request that processing of personal data is restricted.  In certain circumstances however we may continue to process the personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.  To exercise your right to restriction please notify us via any of our contacts detailed at the beginning of this policy.
Right to Object
You have the right to object to the processing of your data.  However, we do not have to stop the processing if we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing (taking into account our processing activities, the nature of our business and our legitimate interests) and that these grounds override your interests, rights and freedoms or in the event that we need the personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
To enable us to consider any objection we will need to know what specific interests, rights or freedoms relating to your situation you believe will potentially be put at risk by our processing. If we do stop processing your personal data, this may affect our ability to deliver our service to you.  To exercise your right to object please notify us via any of our contacts detailed at the beginning of this policy.
Right to Portability
In certain circumstances, you can request that we provide to you your personal data in a commonly used format. To exercise your right to portability please notify us via any of our contacts detailed at the beginning of this policy.
Right to withdraw consent
If you have given us your consent to use your personal information, you can withdraw your consent at any time. In particular, if you have given us consent to send you marketing emails, you can withdraw your consent by clicking the 'unsubscribe' link in any marketing email which you receive or by emailing us at
data.protection@yodel.co.uk
. This will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your information before you withdrew your consent.
Right to complain to the Information Commissioner
We aim to deal with any queries or complaints you may have with regards to our processing of your data.  However, if you are not happy with the way your data has being processed and the explanations or responses that you have received from us you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner.  More details can be found on their website
www.ico.org.uk
You can complain to the Information Commissioners Office who is the data protection supervisory authority in the UK, at
www.ico.org.uk
7. Cookies
Cookies help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse the website and also allow us to improve the website.
There are different categories of cookie types. With the exception of those cookies that are essential to the operation of our website, you have the option to select which are used.
When you first visit our website, a notice appears to alert you to the types of cookies available and provides you with the ability to provide your consent as to which we use. If you choose to “Accept Recommended Settings” then all cookie types described below will be set.
If you change your mind, then you have the option to click on the “cookies control icon” in the bottom left-hand side of the screen and to choose which cookies are to be used.
A list of cookie types used, and their functionality can be found below.
STRICTLY NECESSARY COOKIES
These are cookies that are required for the operation of the website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of the website and use a shopping cart.
Name
Purpose
Expires
yodel_user_credentials,
_yodel-collectplus_session,
cplus_vis
These are session cookies set by web applications built using Ruby on Rails technologies. They are designed to allow a consistent experience across the website, for example to ensure any page changes or item or data selection is remembered from page to page. They are destroyed on closing the browser.
When you close your browser
CookieControl
This is a preferences cookie, tracking consent to the use of cookies as well as acceptance of optional cookies.
6 Months
PERFORMANCE COOKIES
They allow us to recognise you as a visitor and how you move around the website when you are using it. This helps us to improve the way the website works, for example, to help you find what you are looking for easily. Statistic cookies help us understand how visitors interact with the website by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Name
Purpose
Expires
_gat_UA-nnnnnnn-nn
This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It is a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites. It holds no information about the user and is destroyed on closing the browser.
When you close your browser
_ga
This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. By default it is set to expire after 2 years, although this is customisable by website owners.
2 years
_gid
This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics. It stores and updates a unique value for each page visited.
1 day
FUNCTIONALITY COOKIES
These are used to recognise you when you return to the website. This enables us to personalise our content for you and remember your preferences.
Name
Purpose
Expires
vuid
This domain is owned by Vimeo. The main business activity is: Video Hosting/Sharing
2 years
OptanonConsent
This cookie is set by the cookie compliance solution from OneTrust. It stores information about the categories of cookies the site uses and whether visitors have given or withdrawn consent for the use of each category. This enables site owners to prevent cookies in each category from being set in the user's browser, when consent is not given. It contains no information that can identify the visitor.
6 Months
alert-cookie
This cookie is set so as to improve usability of the website, by remembering what notifications have already been displayed and dismissed to a user.
1 Year
_RequestVerificationToken-legacy,
_RequestVerificationToken,
csrf-canary
These are anti-forgery token (preventing CSRF attacks). They guarantee that the poster is the one who gets the form whenever submitting data.
When you close the browser
TARGETING COOKIES
We use cookies record your visit to the website and the pages you have visited. We also use marketing cookies to track your use of other websites. We will use this information to make the website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests.
Name
Purpose
Expires
IDE
This domain is owned by Doubleclick (Google). The main business activity is: Doubleclick is Googles real time bidding advertising exchange
390 days
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
This cookie is used as a unique identifier to track viewing of videos
When you close your browser
GPS
YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites.
When you close your browser
lpv106122
This domain is owned by Pardot, a marketing automation platform which provides lead generation services to businesses.
When you close your browser
Pardot
This domain is owned by Pardot, a marketing automation platform which provides lead generation services to businesses.
When you close your browser
YSC
YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites.
When you close your browser
test_cookie
This domain is owned by Doubleclick (Google). The main business activity is: Doubleclick is Googles real time bidding advertising exchange
When you close your browser
TP.uuid
This cookie is a unique identifier to track Trustpilot visitors.
Maximum
Sub-policy 3
https://www.dhl.com/gb-en/home/footer/privacy-notice.html:

Sub-policy 4
https://www.dpdlocal.co.uk/dpd-local-dpo-privacy-notice.jsp:
UK PLocalvacy Notice
Home
Terms & Conditions
Trial Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return and Disposal of Goods Policy
Phishing
Sitemap
Products & Services
Help
MyDPD Local
About DPD Local
Sustainability
Innovation
Sales Enquiry
Home
Products & Services
Help
MyDPD Local
About DPD Local
Sustainability
Innovation
Sales Enquiry
Terms & Conditions
Trial Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return and Disposal of Goods Policy
Phishing
Sitemap
Home
Privacy Policy
DPD Local Privacy Notice
DPDgroup is an ISO/IEC 27001:2013 and ISO/IEC 27701:2019 approved company
You can view our certificates of accreditation below:
ISO/IEC 27001:2013
ISO/IEC 27701:2019
At DPDgroup UK Ltd (DPDgroup UK) we take Data Protection seriously and have updated all of our relevant policies, procedures and documents to ensure we meet the requirements of the Data Protection Laws (Data Protection Act 2018, UK GDPR and EU GDPR).
This Privacy Notice will inform you what personal information we collect from you, how we use it, how long we hold it for, who we share it with, and how we look after it.
Data Protection Principles
Article 5 of the UK GDPR sets out seven key principles which lie at the heart of the UK General Data Protection Regulation.
Lawfulness, fairness and transparency
An organisation has to advise Data Subjects what data processing will be done and what is processed must match up with how it has been described. There must be a lawful basis for all processing and that must be explained. The transparent way for an organisation to comply with this principle is by making a PRIVACY NOTICE available. Privacy Notices for staff are available on Dave - DPDgroup UK's staff intranet site and also the Information Security site.
Purpose limitations – specific, explicit and legitimate
Personal data can only be obtained for "specified, explicit and legitimate purposes" and personal data can only be used for a specific processing purpose that the Data Subject has been made aware of and no other, without further consent unless there is another legal basis to do so.
Data minimisation
Personal data collected about a Data Subject should be "adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary"' in relation to the purposes for which they are processed.  In other words, no more than the minimum amount of personal data should be processed or kept for specific processing.
Accurate and up to date
Personal data must be accurate and where necessary kept up to date. Every reasonable step must be taken to ensure that personal data that is inaccurate, having regard to the purposes for which they are processed, is erased or rectified without delay.
Not kept for longer than is necessary
Personal data must be kept in a form that permits identification of Data Subjects for no longer than necessary and data no longer required should be removed.
Security (organisational and technical)
The UK GDPR requires Data Controllers and Data Processors to handle personal data in a manner ensuring appropriate organisational and technical security of the personal data including protection against unlawful processing or accidental loss, destruction or damage.
Accountability
The UK GDPR requires Data Controllers and Data Processors to be responsible for, and be able to demonstrate compliance with its obligations under the provisions of the Data Protection Laws.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
At DPDgroup UK, we are 100% committed to protecting the privacy and security of the personal data we hold about our Customers, Consignees, and Employees.
Our appointed Data Protection Officer (DPO) is Donna McMullan, who is responsible for overseeing this Privacy Notice and responding to any Data Protection concerns you may have.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate. 
Please keep us updated if any of your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
GENERAL INFORMATION
The Data Protection Laws (Data Protection Act 2018, UK GDPR and the EU General Data Protection Regulation) protect the rights and freedoms of living, identifiable individuals known under the Data Protection Laws as Data Subjects.
This Privacy Notice relates to the personal information of the following individuals that is processed by DPDgroup UK:
A 'Customer' is a person or organisation who has a contract with DPDgroup UK to deliver parcels to or collect parcels from a Consignee.
A 'Consignee' is someone who is intended to have a collection or delivery from DPDgroup UK or one of our Customers.
Where DPDgroup UK processes your personal data in the circumstances set out in this Privacy Notice, DPDgroup UK acts as a Data Controller. If you are a Consignee, we recommend that you also refer to the Privacy Notice of our Customer (the company or individual you ordered the goods from) to find out details of how they process your personal data.
All processing activities are subject to the provisions of the Data Protection Laws.
DPDgroup UK must have a legal basis to process your personal information and this Privacy Notice explains what our lawful basis is in respect of each purpose for which we keep and use information about you.
Generally, we are allowed to process your personal information where:
you have provided consent for us to do so;
it is necessary in connection with a contract between us (such as a contract to supply our services to you as a Customer);
it is necessary in order for us to comply with our legal obligations, or
it is necessary for the purposes of a legitimate interest that we or a third party are pursuing,  save where we determine that your rights override our interest.
Details of how to contact us if you have any further questions about Data Protection and how we process your personal information can be found in the Contact Us section, below.
CUSTOMER
What information do we collect from you?
How do we use this information?
What is our legal basis for processing your information?
How long do we store your information?
Individual and business contact name
To enter into a contract for delivery
Contract
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
Billing address
To enter into a contract for delivery & Invoicing
Contract
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
Business email address
To make contact
Contract
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
Telephone number
To make contact
Contract
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
Authorised signatory
To prevent fraud
Contract
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
Your MyDPD login data
To assist with technical issues
Contract
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
MyDPD username and password
To assist with technical issues
Contract
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
Name, Address (including country) Customer Ref number
Prevent the Export transit of parcels to and from individuals and businesses on international sanction and embargo lists
Legal Obligation
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
CONSIGNEE
What information do we collect from you?
How do we use this information?
What is our legal basis for processing your information?
How long do we store your information?
Full name
To deliver a parcel to the named person
Contract
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
Delivery address
To deliver to the address provided to us
Contract
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
Telephone number
To contact in the event assistance is required to deliver the parcel & provide delivery notifications
Contract
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
Email address
To provide delivery notifications and delivery experience surveys
Contract and Legitimate Interest
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
Safe place (location)
To assist with parcel delivery
Contract
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
POD
To confirm delivery
Contract
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
Name, Address (including country) parcel Number, Customer Ref number
Prevent the Export transit of parcels to and from individuals and businesses on international sanction and embargo lists
Legal Obligation
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
The telephone number used to call us
To record calls that have been made to DPD
Legitimate Interest
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
A recording of all inbound and outbound calls
For training & monitoring
Legitimate Interest
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
The email address used to contact us
To record emails that have been made to DPD
Legitimate Interest
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
A record of all emails you have sent to our Customer Services Team
To deal with any queries or complaints
Legitimate Interest
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
CONSIGNEE - YOURDPD APP PROFILE
What information do we collect from you?
How do we use this information?
What is our legal basis for processing your information?
How long do we store your information?
Full name
To deliver a parcel to the named person
Contract
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
Delivery address
To deliver to the address provided to us
Contract
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
Telephone number
To contact in the event assistance is required to deliver the parcel & provide delivery notifications
Contract
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
Email address
To provide delivery notifications and delivery experience surveys
Contract and Legitimate Interest
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
Delivery preferences
To assist with parcel delivery
Contract
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
Ideas submitted via MySpace
To enhance the services if idea is utilised
Consent
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
Name, Address (including country) parcel Number, Customer Ref number
Prevent the Export transit of parcels to and from individuals and businesses on international sanction and embargo lists
Legal Obligation
For as long as is necessary in line with the Data Protection Laws and DPD UK's Retention Schedule
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
DPDgroup UK is committed to protecting your personal information and ensuring that we have appropriate technical and organisational measures in place to do so.
As you will be aware,  the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of personal information sent over the internet. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised or unlawful processing and accidental loss, destruction, or damage of your personal data in line with our global industry-standard ISO 27001 & 27701 certification and accredited policies and procedures.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access certain parts of our service, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Overseas transfer of personal data
We may transfer your personal information outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") and will only do so if we are satisfied that an adequate level of protection is in place in compliance with the Data Protection Laws.
Third Party Links
You may find links to third-party websites on our websites. These 3rd party websites should have their own Privacy Notices and policies which you should check. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for any processing of your personal data or for their Privacy Notices and policies whatsoever as they are matters outside our control.
HOW YOU CAN HELP TO KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE
We will take all appropriate and adequate measures to ensure that the personal information you provide through our websites and Apps is held and managed securely.
The system used by DPDgroup UK runs on a secure HTTPS platform, and incorporates sophisticated security devices to protect your personal information. However, you can help keep your personal information safe – not just on our website, but whenever you provide information online.
Here are some simple ways you can improve the security of your information:
Ensure that your devices always have the latest security updates;
Use strong passwords and do not reuse them across multiple websites;
Keep your passwords private;
Learn about how email scams operate and exercise caution when using email - learn more
here
WHAT RIGHTS DO YOU HAVE IN RESPECT OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
The Data Protection Laws provide many provisions for you to exercise your Data Subject Rights when an organisation is processing your personal information.
For detailed information relating to your rights under the Data Protection Laws, click
here
.
Where the processing of your personal information is based on consent, you can withdraw or modify that consent at any time. To do so, please see the Contact Us section below.
Right to be informed
DPDgroup UK has a legal obligation to provide you with clear, informative, and easily accessible information about your personal information and our use of it.  This is in the form of this Privacy Notice.
Right of access
You have the right to ask DPDgroup UK to confirm whether we hold any of your personal information. If we do (subject to any exemptions, restrictions, or the request being manifestly unfounded or excessive), you have the right to have a copy of your information and to be informed of the following:
Why we process your information;
The categories of information we process;
With whom we have shared the information;
How long we may hold your information;
Your rights in respect of our processing of your information, including your right to complain to a supervisory authority (which in the UK is the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO)
Right to rectification
If we hold information about you that you believe is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified, or completed if it is incomplete, subject to your identity being verified by DPD.
Right to be forgotten/erasure
We will process your information for the periods set out above. You may request that we erase your information and we will do so if one of the following applies:
The information is no longer needed for the original purpose for which we collected it;
You withdraw your consent for us to process the information (and we have no other legal ground to process it);
You object to us processing your information and we have no overriding reason to continue to do so;
We have processed your information unlawfully;
We are required by law to erase it
Right to portability
Also known as data portability, you have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information for your own purposes in certain circumstances (if the processing is based on consent or performance of a contract and the processing of it is carried out by automated means).
This right allows you to move, copy or transfer your personal information more easily from one data controller to another, in a safe and secure way without affecting its usability.
The right only applies to information you have provided to DPDgroup UK as the Data Controller.
Right to object
To direct marketing
You can tell us at any time that you would prefer that we do not use your information for direct marketing purposes. This is an absolute right.
To processing for our legitimate interests or those of a third party
Sometimes, we use your personal information to achieve goals that will help us as well as you. This includes:
When we tell you about products or services that are similar to ones that you have already bought;
When we use your information to help us make our business better;
When we contact you to interact, communicate or let you know about changes we are making
We aim to always ensure that your rights and information are properly protected.
You can tell us at any time that you would prefer that we do not process all or some of your information for our legitimate interests or those of a third party.
You must give specific reasons why you are objecting to the processing of your personal information data based upon your particular situation.
This is not an absolute right, and DPDgroup UK can refuse to comply if:
We can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing, which override your interests, rights, and freedoms; or
The processing is for the establishment, exercise, or defence of legal claims;
If an exemption or restriction applies, or if the request is manifestly unfounded or excessive
Right to restrict processing
You have the right to ask us to stop processing your personal information in any way other than simply keeping a copy of it. This right is available where:
You have informed us that the information we hold about you is inaccurate, and we have not yet been able to verify this;
You have objected to us using your information for our legitimate interests and we are in the process of considering your objection;
We have used your information in an unlawful way, but you do not want us to delete your personal information;
We no longer need to use the information, but you need it in connection with a legal claim
Rights in relation to automated decision making including profiling
Any automated decision-making or profiling we undertake is solely for the purpose of tailoring the information which we provide to you.
We will not use automated decision-making or profiling to make any decisions that will have a legal effect upon you or otherwise significantly affect you, and you have the right not to be subject to such decisions.
HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS
You can make a data subject rights request verbally or in writing, including via social media;
To maintain the security of your information, for the right of access requests we will need to reasonably verify your identity before we provide you with a copy of any information we may hold;
We have one calendar month from the date of receipt of your request or receipt of the identification information requested in which to provide you with the information referred to above and copies of your information, which may be extended by an additional two months if the data request is complex or if you submit a number of requests;
We are obliged to inform you within the first month if we need to exercise our right to extend the disclosure period by up to an additional two months;
There is no charge or fee for the provision of this information in the first instance however, manifestly unfounded or excessive requests plus subsequent copies may attract a reasonable administration fee
DPDgroup UK can refuse to provide the information if an exemption or restriction applies, or if the request is manifestly unfounded or excessive
If you wish to exercise any of your data subject rights, please get in touch using the Contact Us section below.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
This Privacy Notice will be reviewed every six months and may be updated from time to time.
Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Notice.
This Privacy Notice was last updated on 22 December 2021
COMPLAINTS
If you wish to make a complaint about the collection or use of your personal information, please contact us in the first instance so that we may seek to resolve your complaint.
In the event that you are not satisfied with the processing of your personal information, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority, which is the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) in the UK, at any time.
The ICO's contact details are available here:
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
or write to them at: Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow SK9 5AF.
CONTACT US
If you have any queries, complaints, or requests relating to any Data Protection matters, please contact our DPO at
dpo@dpdgroup.co.uk
.
You may also write to us at:
Data Protection Officer - DPDgroup UK Ltd, Broadwell Road, Oldbury, West Midlands, B69 4DA
Sub-policy 5
https://www.evri.com/privacy-policy:
Privacy Notice
Welcome to the Evri Privacy Notice. This notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data.
The notice applies whether you are instructing us to send an item, or where we have been instructed to deliver an item to you, tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
Our website and services are not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
Protecting Your Privacy
At Evri, we are 100% committed to protecting the personal data we process as a business.
For all our services, the data controller — the company that’s responsible for your privacy— is Evri Limited. ICO registration number Z4921268. Further information on how you can contact us with any questions on how we protect your privacy can be found at the end of this notice.
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer (DPO), Richa Bhuttar, who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-Party Links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
The Data We Collect About You
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows:
Identity Data
includes first name, last name, username (email address and assigned user.id) or similar identifier, and title
Contact Data
includes billing address, delivery address, (including safe place locations), What 3 Words locators, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data
includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data
includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data
includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our website and mobile app, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (for your information Special Categories of Personal Data includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data).
How we use your information
We use your information in a number of different ways — what we do depends on the information and our relationship with you. The tables below set this out in detail, showing what we do, and why we do it.
How we use your name and contact details
Why
Lawful Basis for Processing
To register you as a new customer and create an account
We have to use your name, email address and address to add you to our systems.
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract
Deliver your parcel/package or receive instruction to deliver a parcel/package you are sending
We have to use your name and address to collect and/or deliver your parcel/package
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract
Send you service messages by text and e-mail
We use your phone number and/or email address to send services messages such as delivery notifications and updates
Processing is necessary for the purposes of Evri's legitimate interests
Parcel recipient satisfaction surveys
To improve the quality of service we provide
Processing is necessary for the purposes of Evri's legitimate interests
Sending you information by text and/or about our products and services
To keep you up to date with our latest offerings
You have given explicit consent or for the purposes of Evri's legitimate interests
Presenting content to you, from the retailer who has instructed us to deliver an item to you
To display content such as product recommendations, based on purchases you’ve made with them.
Processing is necessary for the purposes of Evri's legitimate interests
Fraud prevention and detection
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or Evri
Processing is necessary for the purposes of Evri's legitimate interests
Capturing your date of birth to perform age verification checks
To ensure compliant deliveries of items that are confirmed as age restricted by the sender
Processing is necessary to meet our legal obligations
How we use your financial data
Why
Lawful Basis for Processing
Take payment, give refunds and settle claims
Necessary to make payment for Evri's services and/or facilitate the payment of a refund/claim back to you
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract
Fraud prevention and detection
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or Evri
Processing is necessary for the purposes of Evri's legitimate interests
Collect and recover money owed to us
To lawfully complete the contract between us
Processing is necessary for the purposes of Evri's legitimate interests
How we use your name and contact details
Why
Lawful Basis for Processing
Provide customer service and support
To ensure you receive appropriate support in relation to any service enquiries you make
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract
Train our staff
To ensure we can provide you the best possible service when you contact us
Processing is necessary for the purposes of Evri's legitimate interests
Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
To study how customers use our products/services
Processing is necessary for the purposes of Evri's legitimate interests
How we use your usage data
Why
Lawful Basis for Processing
Improve our website
To give you the best possible experience and identify any areas of the site that are not working properly
Processing is necessary for the purposes of Evri's legitimate interests
How we use technical data
Why
Lawful Basis for Processing
Use of data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
To define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy
Processing is necessary for the purposes of Evri's legitimate interests
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
For running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security and to prevent fraud
Processing is necessary for the purposes of Evri's legitimate interests
We also anonymise and aggregate personal information (so that it does not identify you) and use it for purposes including testing our IT systems, research, data analysis, improving our site and app, quality and training, and developing new products and services.
Cookies
For information on how we use cookies at Evri, please see our Cookie Policy at
https://www.evri.com/cookie-policy
Sharing your information
We do not, and will not, sell any of your personal data to any third party – including your name, address, email address or phone number. We want to earn and maintain your trust, and we believe this is essential in order do that.
However, we share your data with the following categories of companies as an essential part of being able to provide our services to you, as set out in this statement:
Companies that do things to get your purchases to you, such as payment service providers, warehouses, and couriers
Professional service providers, such as digital marketing agencies and website hosts, who help us run our online business
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
If you want to send a parcel from the UK to a destination outside of the UK, you may visit and use the Evri International website which is a website operated by our third-party partner, Parcel2go.com Limited under the Evri brand.
This means that if you use the Evri International website you are contracting with Parcel2go.com Limited rather with Evri. Parcel2go.com Limited is a company registered in England. Parcel2go.com Limited may be contacted via
https://international.evri.com/help-centre
We share personal data and other data related to the Services, which Evri has collected from you in relation to our Services, with Parcel2go.com Limited but, this is only used to:
enable customers to move seamlessly between the Evri and Evri International websites without having to set up two separate accounts; and
allow Evri and Parcel2go.com Limited to ensure that we meet contractual commitments to you.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
IP Addresses
What are IP addresses?
An IP address is a string of numbers which identifies a specific computer or internet enabled device when it connects to a network such as the internet, enabling such devices to communicate.
How we use IP addresses
We record the IP address of visitors to our website and we collect related information such as the products viewed or searched for, the length of visits to certain pages and page interaction.
We use an independent company to collate the information described above. This company then provides us with data relating to website visitors that have accessed our website from businesses.
We may then use this information to provide potential business customers with details of services that we offer.
Cross Border Transfers
Where permitted by applicable law, we may sometimes transfer personal data collected about you to countries within the European Economic Area (EEA). The safeguards we have in place around transfers of personal data within the UK have been deemed sufficient by the European Commission, and we do not adopt additional controls.
Also where permitted by applicable law, Evri may transfer the personal data collected about you to the countries outside the EEA that may not be deemed to provide the same level of data protection as the UK, as necessary to perform the contract with you and for the purposes set out in this notice.
Evri has implemented either standard contractual clauses set out in the UK International Data Transfer Agreement (IDTA) or supplementary measures to secure the transfer of your personal data to these third countries.
Issuing Customer Surveys
To continually review and improve the quality of service we offer our customers, we may invite you to take part in a survey provisioned by a company called Verint . The data collected by Verint will only include personal data should you choose to provide it – the survey can be completed anonymously. The data collected by Verint is hosted in the United States and the transfer of data is protected using the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses.
Only a small percentage of visitors will be asked to undertake the survey. If you don’t want to take part, please close the pop-up window invite and you can continue with your browsing.
If you choose to take the survey:
•	a session cookie will be placed on your computer so that Foresee can communicate with you during the survey. This cookie will be deleted when you close your browser; and
•	a persistent cookie will be placed on your computer which helps Foresee to ensure that you won’t be asked to complete the survey again within a reasonable amount of time. This cookie will be deleted at a set expiration date.
All data is submitted directly to Verint and Verint provides Evri with the results of the survey. Verint will not sell or disclose to third parties any personal data gathered from the surveys. For full details of how Verint process and use the survey data please see:
https://www.verint.com/our-company/legal-documents/privacy-policy/
We may also invite you to leave a review on the Trust Pilot website.  To invite you to leave a review, your email address will be shared with them.  Should you not wish to leave a review, you can choose not to respond to that invitation.  Trust Pilot retain your email address only for the purpose of sending this invite and for no other purpose.
Data Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data Retention
We keep Personal Information for as long as is reasonably required for the purposes explained in this Privacy Policy. We also keep records - which may include Personal Information - to meet legal, regulatory, tax or accounting needs. For example, we are required to retain an accurate record of your dealings with us, so we can respond to any complaints or challenges you or others might raise later.
We’ll also retain files if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation. The specific retention period for your Personal Information will depend on your relationship with us and the reasons we hold your Personal Information.
To support us in managing how long we hold your data and our record management, we maintain a data retention policy which includes clear guidelines on data retention and deletion.
In some circumstances, we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Keeping your information
We’ll hold on to your information for as long as you have your account, or as long as is needed to be able to provide the services to you, or (in the case of any contact you may have with our Customer Care team) for as long as is necessary to provide support-related reporting and trend analysis only.
If reasonably necessary or required to meet legal or regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms and conditions, we may also keep hold of some of your information as required, even after you have closed your account or it is no longer needed to provide the services to you.
Your Legal Rights
You have a lot of rights relating to your personal information. You have the right to:
Request Access
- The right to access the personal information we hold about you. This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request Correction
- The right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you (although you can probably do most of this through your Account)
Request Deletion
- The right to request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Request Transfer
- The right to request that we transfer or port elements of your data either to you or another service provider. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Object to processing
where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which overrides your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing
- This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Withdraw consent at any time
where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Where you receive direct marketing messages from Evri, you can withdraw your consent directly via the ‘Unsubscribe’ link in the email or via your Account Settings.
No Fee Usually Required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What We May Need From You
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, you can do so by either:
Email - Please contact the DPO via
data.protection@evri.com
Or by using the company's address below.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Complaints
If you wish to make a complaint about our collection or use of your personal data, please contact us by email to data.protection@evri.com or by regular mail to:
Data Protection Team,
Evri
Capitol House,
1 Capitol Close,
Morley,
Leeds
LS27 0WH.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk).  If you wish to do so, our ICO registration number is Z4921268
This notice was last updated March 2024.
Sub-policy 6
https://www.paypal.com/us/legalhub/privacy-full:
Back To Home Page
PayPal Privacy Statement
Overview
Non-Account Holders and Fastlane Profile Users
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
How is Personal Information used?
Do We Disclose Personal Information, and why?
How long does PayPal store your Personal Information?
How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
Your Data Protection Rights
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
Can Children Use Our Services?
Definitions
Our Contact Information
CCPA California Notice at Collection
US Consumer Privacy Notice
Download Printable PDF
PayPal Privacy Statement
Last updated on February 13, 2025
Overview
PayPal, Inc. (“we,” “our,” “us,” “PayPal”) provides this Privacy Statement to describe our use of your Personal Information when you use your PayPal account, Xoom account, visit our websites, or apply for, or use our Services, like Braintree and Zettle. This Privacy Statement does not apply to Excluded Services, such as Venmo and Hyperwallet.
We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement and to use it to help you make informed decisions.
Certain capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined in the Statement are explained in the
Definitions
section below.
We revise this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes to our business, Services, or applicable laws. If the revised version requires notice in accordance with applicable law, we will provide you with 30 days prior notice by posting notice of the change on the "
Policy Updates
" or "
Privacy Statement
" page of our website, otherwise the revised Privacy Statement will be effective as of the published effective date. If you are a new User or are receiving this Privacy Statement for the first time and there is an upcoming change described on the
Policy Updates
or Privacy Statement page at the time you receive this Privacy Statement, such upcoming change will apply to you on the indicated effective date.
For most of our Services, we act as a “data controller” or “business”, however there are some products and features where PayPal may also act as a “data processor” or “service provider” when providing services to our Partners and Merchants.  The “data controller” or “business” (each as defined under applicable data protection laws) is the entity that has the control over the purposes and means by which the data processing is performed.  The “data processor” or “service provider” (each as defined under applicable data protection laws) is the entity that processes the Personal Information for the data controller, for the data controller’s specific purposes, and as otherwise permitted under applicable data protection laws.
Non-Account Holders and Fastlane Profile Users
Our Services may be accessed by individuals without a PayPal or Xoom account. We will collect Personal Information from you even if you are a non-account holder when you use our Services, such as when you use our Pay Without a PayPal account, use Unbranded Payment Services (e.g., Braintree and Zettle), use a Fastlane profile, or when a non-accountholder receives a payment through the Visa+ service from a PayPal account holder (“Recipient”). If you Pay Without a PayPal account, we may link your transaction information with your PayPal account, if you have one at the time you use the Service without logging in, or if you create a PayPal account later.
With a Fastlane profile, individuals can store their payment methods and other Personal Information with PayPal so that they can complete the checkout process faster,  create a store or loyalty account, or facilitate other transactions at participating Partners and Merchants with payment card, contact information, shipping data or other data they save in their Fastlane profile as relevant to the specific interaction, participating Partner or Merchant, all without having to manually input payment method details and other Personal Information each time they checkout ("Fastlane").
When you create a Fastlane profile, you are agreeing to let PayPal store your Personal Information, including your name, email, phone number, address information, billing information and payment method details, and other data that may be relevant to specific Partner or Merchant interactions, and pre-populate that information in the checkout flows or other interactive features of participating Partners and Merchants so that you can  enjoy a faster Partner and Merchant experience by not having to manually input  your payment or other information. We will also collect transaction and other Partner or Merchant data related to your purchases and other Partner or Merchant interactions when you use Fastlane. If you have a Fastlane profile, we may recognize you as a Fastlane user when you shop on the participating Partners’ and Merchants’ sites, and we may prompt you to engage in participating Partner or Merchant interactions, such as registering for a store or loyalty account using your Fastlane profile information. If you choose to interact with participating Partners or Merchants through Fastlane, you agree to let PayPal disclose your Fastlane profile information to the Participating Partners and Merchants and their service providers, and to facilitate your transaction and shopping experience on the participating Partners and Merchants sites.
The Visa+ Service enables eligible customers with a PayPal account to send and receive money to and from Venmo and third-party Visa+-enabled digital wallets (“Visa+”).
When you shop on Partner and Merchant sites, the Partner or Merchant may disclose Personal Information with PayPal that we will use in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal user agreement.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
Categories of Personal Information collected
from you
, including from your interactions with us and use of the Services:
Personal Identifiers
: Such as Name, Business Name, Address, Phone Number, Email, IP address, Device Information, Information collected from cookies or other tracking technologies, other information necessary to establish an account or profile.
Records and Financial Information
: Such as, bank account and routing numbers, credit and debit card information, amount you send or request, other financial information.
Transaction and Experience Information
: Such as online shopping cart information, shopping activity and goods or services considered on Partners and Merchants sites, shipping options and associated costs when you check out, purchase history, and order tracking and product information.
Geolocation
: We may collect IP-based geolocation data and Global Positioning System (GPS) with your consent during your user experience or based on your mobile application settings.
Internet or network activity
: interactions with our Services, Information about response time for web pages, download errors, date and time when you used the service, Location Information, such as your IP address, statistics regarding how pages are loaded or viewed, the websites you visited before coming to the Sites and other usage and browsing information collected through Cookies (“
Technical Usage Data
”).
Biometric
: When you consent in the user experience, we collect voice identification, photo identification, or face scans to verify your identity and authenticate you for certain actions related to your account, including, for example, verify your identity and authenticate you to meet regulatory requirements or before you access accounts and Services, recover passwords, update profile info, manage payments and payment methods, lift account limitations, and initiate cryptocurrency transfers.
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information
: Call recordings when you talk to customer service.
Professional or employment information:
including business information, job title, contact emails, phone numbers and taxpayer ID numbers.
Imported Contact Information:
including name, address, phone number, images, email address or usernames associated with the contacts.
PayPal Account Profile Information:
username, profile picture, gender, or personal description which you add that may include sensitive personal information. You can set your profile to “Private” at any time.
Information you provide when you contact us:
Your response to surveys, recorded conversations, chat conversations with us, email correspondence with us, account or profile status, repayment history, voice identification, Information about others if you choose to share it with us.
Inferred data:
We may infer information about you such as your preferences and shopping behavior, based on your transactions and interactions with our Services or with our Partners and Merchants.
Characteristics of Protected Classifications:
including age or date of birth, national origin, disability, citizenship, military status.
Sensitive Personal Information:
Social Security number, government-issued identification, bank account and routing numbers, credit and debit card information, voice identification and Photo IDs or Precise Geolocation.
Information from your device:
including, language settings, browser ID, cookie preferences, time zone, operating system, platform, screen resolution and similar information about your device settings, data collected from cookies or other tracking technologies.
We may also obtain the above categories of Personal Information from the following
categories of sources
:
Excluded Services including Venmo and PayPal Honey.
Third parties: Service Providers, Partners and Merchants, Payment Partners, such as card networks and payment processors, Credit Reporting Agencies, Government Entities, Data Brokers, and Financial Institutions.
Linked Accounts: Non-financial or financial accounts you agree to link to PayPal, such as social network accounts, mail accounts or for open banking. You may change your mind about use of this feature and unlink your linked accounts at any time. If you choose to link these accounts or share such information with us, we will periodically collect and process it until you unlink the account.
Third Party Applications: Applications that you choose to use for example, the Apple App Store, Google Play Store, or social networking sites.
How is Personal Information used?
We may process your Personal Information for a variety of reasons, including to provide our Services, for security and fraud prevention and to comply with law. We may also use personal data to participate in certain features, that while not necessary for use of the Services, may be of interest to you, such as syncing your contact list to your account, personalize content and offers, targeted advertising, or connecting to a third-party platform. Some of these features may be offered with an opt-out, or require your consent to enable.
We may collect Personal Information to:
Provide our Services
: such as to help you send, receive or request money, initiate a payment, add monetary value to an account, pay a bill, administer your purchases, display shipping options and associated costs when you check out, show you your Fastlane profile, account and payment information, send and receive Visa+ transactions, to assess your creditworthiness in connection with our Services, confirm your identity and your contact information, to authenticate your access to your account or Fastlane profile and to confirm your account or profile and financial information is accurate and up to date. For Visa+, we will receive the recipient's name and payment information from Visa and third-party Visa+ participating digital wallets for the purpose of processing and matching Visa+ payment transactions between participating digital wallets and PayPal. If you are using Fastlane, we will also use your Personal Information and payment method details to determine whether the payment you are making with a participating Partner or Merchant is authorized by you and likely to be successfully authorized by the payment method you choose to use when you make a purchase using details from your Fastlane profile.
Provide receipts in connection with Zettle services
: For buyers using our Zettle services (including Venmo Tap to Pay), you may choose to provide us your contact details so that we can send you digital receipts. If you provide your e-mail address or mobile number to a Partner or Merchant who uses Zettle, we may remember your details for the next time you buy something from a Merchant who uses Zettle in its physical store, if you use the same payment card. This is regardless of whether if you have previously bought something from this Merchant or not. This means that your e-mail address or mobile number will be pre-filled in the receipt view for your convenience the next time you buy something from a Merchant who uses Zettle in its physical store.
Manage and improve our Services:
for example, to develop new products and features, for customer analysis, to administer our Services, and for internal operations, for example troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, and statistical purposes.
Manage fraud and risk
: We conduct risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management to protect our customers and business, including fraud that involves our Partners and Merchants and strategic ventures.
Associate information about you:
if you use our Services without a PayPal account (e.g., Pay Without a PayPal account), we may associate such transactions with your PayPal account if you have one or later establish an account.
If you use one of the following Services: Fastlane, Venmo, and PayPal Honey; we may associate information about your transactions and experiences using these Services to personalize content and offers and improve your use of the PayPal services.
Market our Services
: We may use Personal Information to market our Services including where we partner with others to offer similar services to market about our Partners and Merchants. We use Personal Information,
including when we associate information about you,
to better understand and cater to your interests.
Communicate with you
: We may contact you when you need us, such as answering a question you sent to our customer service team.
Comply with Laws:
to comply with applicable laws and rules and enforce our agreements with you and other people who use our Services.
Process information about your contacts:
to make it easy for you to find and connect them, improve payment accuracy and suggest connections with people you may know.
By providing us with information about your contacts you certify that you have permission to provide that information to PayPal for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
Create an account connection between your account and a third-party account or platform
: such as with a social media account or a financial institution in connection with your participation in Open Banking.
Send you locally relevant options
: If you agree to let us track your precise location, we can customize our Services by using the right language and personalizing content such as providing location-based options, functionality or offers, ads and search results.
Even if you don’t allow us to track your location, we may still use your address to send you location-based options recommended by businesses that are near to your address.
Develop product recommendations
: We may use insights from purchases and other behaviors on our and our Partner or Merchant websites or apps to develop product recommendations about products, brands, sizes, preferences and styles that we provide to our Partners and Merchants so that they can recommend relevant products to you.
Remember your preferences
: We may remember your preferences for the next time you use the Services, such as whether you choose to receive digital receipts via email or text when you checkout.
Personalize your experience
: When you use Services, as well as other third-party sites and services, we might use tracking technologies like cookies. See our
Cookie Statement
for more details.
Do We Disclose Personal Information, and why?
We do not sell Personal Information to third parties for money or share your Personal Information for cross context behavioral advertising, including any sensitive personal information.
However, we may disclose customer insights, product recommendations, sizes, and preferences to Partners and Merchants to help them and us improve your shopping experience to make it more convenient and personalized for you.
If you choose to interact with participating Partners and Merchants through Fastlane, we will disclose your Fastlane profile information with the participating Partners and Merchants and their service providers, and facilitate your transaction, shopping experience or other interaction on participating Partners and Merchants sites.
We will also disclose your Personal Information with third parties to help us provide Services, protect our customers from risk and fraud, market our products, and comply with legal obligations.
We may disclose your sensitive personal information as appropriate to carry out legitimate business activities allowed by law.
Read more about our sharing practices below.
In addition, we may disclose Personal Information with the following categories of third parties:
Excluded Services
, including Venmo to provide you with the Services, personalize your use of the Services, to manage our business; or with PayPal Honey to manage our Rewards program.
Authorities
, if compelled to do so by a subpoena, court order, or similar legal procedure; when it is necessary to do so to comply with law; or where the disclosure of Personal Information is reasonably necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity, or to investigate violations of the relevant agreement, or as otherwise required by law that requires PayPal or Excluded Services to respond. Such authorities include courts, governments, law enforcement, and regulators. We may also be required to provide other third parties information about your use of our Services, for example to comply with card association rules, to investigate or enforce violations of our user agreement or to prevent physical harm or illegal activity.
Other financial institutions
, to jointly offer a product, such as PayPal Credit, PayPal Savings, PayPal Cashback Mastercard and PayPal Extra Mastercard.
Card networks and payment processors,
to facilitate payment processing or to add cards to your electronic wallet. For payment transactions with Fastlane, your Personal Information will be shared with the provider of the payment services for the participating Partner and Merchant to enable the processing of the payment transaction. The payment provider for the Partner and Merchant may be PayPal or a third party payment provider.
Fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
, for example to assist us in detecting activities suggestive of fraud.
Credit reporting and debt collection agencies,
for example to collect unpaid overdue debts through a third party such as a debt collection agency.
Service providers
that operate at our direction and on our behalf to perform services we outsource to them, such as processing payments, marketing, research, compliance, audits, corporate governance, communications, IT development, maintenance, hosting and support and customer service operations.
Other PayPal Account Holders to complete a transaction
. Some Personal Information is disclosed to other PayPal account holders as required to complete a payment transaction. This includes your username, profile photo, first and last name, email, and phone number.
Other Users in accordance with your account settings
. In accordance with your
account settings
or PayPal.Me preferences, your Personal Information can be seen by other account holders and non-account holders (“Users”) to help facilitate a transaction. For example, as part of the send money feature, a User may search for your account to initiate a payment. Based on your account settings, the information shown to other Users may include your username, profile photo, first and last name, email, phone number, city and state, month and year of PayPal account creation, and any additional information you include in the details or “about you” section of your account.
Other Users if you have a business profile
.  If you have a business profile, we will display a payment link and disclose certain information about you to other Users, including your name or business name, profile picture or logo, and the city associated with your PayPal account, as well as total time selling with us, total number of followers, and total number of unique Users that have paid you in the past year.
If you have a business profile, you can choose to display other information to other Users, such as your street address, phone number, email and website, in accordance with your business profile settings.
Linked accounts
, for example any social media accounts you asked us to link or when you link an account with another bank or
financial institutions,
card account, or aggregator
in connection with your participation in Open Banking
, so we can check if you have sufficient funds or confirm your ownership of the account.
Partners and Merchants, their service providers and others involved in a transaction
, for example when you use the Services to initiate online purchases, save your payment information with Fastlane, pay other Users using the Services, pay Recipients using Visa+, or return goods we may disclose information about you and your account or Fastlane profile with the other parties (or their service providers) involved in processing your transactions. We may also disclose Personal Information to Partners and Merchants to enable their use of our Services to facilitate your transactions.  For example, when you visit a participating Partner or Merchant site or app, the Partner or Merchant can check whether you are a user of PayPal services and present a recommended payment method to you to simplify your checkout process.
For our PayPal customers
, we may disclose your Personal Information to Partners and Merchants that you and we interact with, to help ourselves and Partners and Merchants personalize services and offers so you can have a better and more relevant experience.  Personal Information we disclose includes, for example, products, sizes, preferences, and styles we think you’ll like.
Unless we are required by law to obtain your consent, we disclose Personal Information collected you after November 27, 2024 (or from earlier if you consent) for personalized shopping experiences.
To opt-out of disclosures or Personal Information to Partners and Merchants for personalized shopping experiences, log into your PayPal account and edit your preferences in the Data and Privacy setting.
If you opt-out, we will continue to disclose your Personal Information as necessary to complete transactions you initiate, but will not disclose Personal Information to Partners and Merchant for personalized shopping experiences.
Please note
that Personal Information disclosed to Partners and Merchants (or their
service providers) involved in a transaction is subject to the Partners' and Merchants' own privacy policies and
procedures. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of Partners and Merchants.
Other third parties
, for example we disclose Personal Information to advertising platforms at your direction, or security service providers to help prevent unauthorized access to our Services.
Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the Personal Information that you share directly with them
. For example, we use Google’s reCAPTCHA to prevent misuse of our Services, when you access our mobile application. We may also use Google Address Autofill to ensure accuracy of your address. Google’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
apply to the Personal Information you share with them.
Buyers or in connection with business transfer
,
for example if we are involved in a merger, a purchase or sale of all or part of our business or assets, including receivables and debts, we may disclose, under appropriate data protection terms, your Personal Information to an interested or actual buyer of those business or assets. If PayPal or a significant portion of PayPal’s assets are acquired by a third party, Personal Information may also be disclosed.
How long does PayPal store your Personal Information?
We retain Personal Information for as long as needed or is permitted in context of the purpose for which it was collected and consistent with applicable law.
The criteria used to determine our retention period is as follows:
Personal Information used for the ongoing relationship between you and PayPal is stored for the duration of the relationship plus a period of 10 years, unless we need to keep it longer, such as:
a legal obligation or compliance with laws to which we are subject is retained consistent with the applicable law, such as under applicable bankruptcy laws and AML obligations
litigation, investigations, audit and compliance practices, or to protect against legal claims.
We retain biometric data for as long as needed or permitted given the purpose for which it was collected and no more than 3 years after your account closes, unless otherwise required by applicable law.
How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
When you interact with our Services, open email we send you, or visit a third-party website for which we provide Services, we and our partners use cookies and other tracking technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, and widgets (collectively, “Cookies”) to recognize you as a user, customize your online experiences and online content, including to serve you interest-based advertising, perform analytics; mitigate risk and prevent potential fraud, and promote trust and safety across our Services.
We use Cookies to collect your device information, internet activity information, and generate inferences as described above.
You can disable or decline some Cookies for our Services. But, since some parts of our service rely on Cookies to work, those services could become difficult or impossible to use.
Some web browsers have an optional setting called “Do Not Track” (DNT) that lets you opt-out of being tracked by advertisers and some third parties. Because many of our services won’t function without tracking data, we do not respond to DNT settings.
If you want to know more about how we use cookies, please review our
Statement on Cookies and Tracking Technologies
. To learn how to opt-out of this kind of tracking technology, visit
About Ads
.
Your Data Protection Rights
Your rights to access, correction, deletion, and restriction to use or share your Personal Information.
Under applicable data protection law, depending upon the jurisdiction in which you reside and subject to applicable exceptions and definitional differences among various state laws, you may have certain rights about how your Personal Information is collected, stored, used and shared.
We recognize the importance of your ability to control the use of your Personal Information and provide several ways for you to exercise your rights to access (right to know your information), right to know third-parties to which we have disclosed Personal Information, correction, deletion (erasure), and to restrict certain information (right to opt-out of sharing and right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information).
Certain state laws also provide residents of those states with the right to opt out of the “sale” (disclosing Personal Information in exchange for money or other consideration) or “sharing” (disclosing Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising) of your Personal Information or use of your Personal Information for certain types of targeted advertising.  Global Privacy Control settings is a browser setting that notifies website owners of users' privacy preferences regarding selling or sharing their Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising. PayPal does not respond to the Global Privacy Control signal because we do not sell or share your data.
We will not deny you services, charge you different prices, or provide you with a different level of service solely for exercising your privacy rights; although, certain personalized services for PayPal customers may not provide the same level of personalization with limited data sharing. If you are a California resident, learn more about how we handle your
Privacy Rights
.
How do you exercise your rights?
If you, or an authorized agent where permitted, want to exercise any of your rights relating to your Personal Information,
contact us
or submit your request from your account settings. If you have a PayPal account, you can exercise your privacy rights by accessing “Data and Privacy” from account settings in the PayPal app.
If you, or an authorized agent where permitted, want to exercise any of your rights relating to your Personal Information in your Fastlane profile,
contact us
or submit your request from your Fastlane profile management portal.
Even if you do not have a PayPal account (for example, where you use Pay without a PayPal account), you can submit a request for access, correction, or deletion of your Personal Information by contacting us at the number provided in our
Contact Information
section.
We’ll first need to verify who you are before we can respond to your request. We may ask you to provide us with information necessary to reasonably verify your identity before responding to your request. We will compare the information you submit against our internal business records to verify your identity. If we can’t verify your identity, we will not be able to fulfill your request. If we deny your request in whole or in part, you may have the right to appeal the decision. In such circumstances, we will provide you with information regarding the appeals process.
Your
right to request a copy of the Personal Information
. If you want to request the data we’ve collected about you in the past 12 months, you have choices:
Log in to your PayPal or Xoom account, or Fastlane profile management portal, and submit a request
Call or contact us
and request that we provide you with the data we’ve collected.
Your right
to correct your Personal Information:
Log in to your PayPal or Xoom account, or Fastlane profile management portal, and correct any information that you've previously added. For example, you can edit your addresses in your settings
Call or contact us
and request that we correct specific information
Your right
to delete your Personal Information:
Log in to your PayPal or Xoom account, or Fastlane profile management portal, and delete any information that you've previously added. For example, you may delete your non-primary addresses in your settings
Call us or contact us
and request that we delete specific information
Close your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile
If you close your PayPal or Xoom account, or Fastlane profile, or request that we delete Personal Information, we still need to keep some Personal Information as explained in
How long does PayPal store your Personal Information
section so we can:
Complete a transaction, provide goods or services you requested, or comply with our promises to you in the user agreement or other contract you have with us
Detect and prevent malicious, fraudulent, or illegal activity
Protect your (or another person’s) legal rights, including the right to free speech
Manage our internal business processes that are reasonably related to your expectations when using our Services
Comply with laws and other legal or governmental processes
California also offers a right to opt out of “Selling” and “Sharing” Personal Information. The Global Privacy Control setting is a browser setting that notifies website owners of users' privacy preferences regarding selling or sharing their personal information. PayPal does not respond to these settings because we do not sell or share data. Some personal information collected, processed, or disclosed by a financial institution are subject to federal laws, such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Consumers may read our
Consumer Privacy Notice
for more information about their rights under US federal law.
Understanding your choices
You can control how Personal Information is collected or disclosed, as well as how we communicate with you. Here are some of the ways you can customize your choices.
Choose how we collect Personal Information
You may choose to limit the Personal Information you provide when our apps or Services request it. To help make choices that are right for you, it’s important to understand that Personal Information helps us provide a richer, more personalized experience for you. Also, some Personal Information is required for our Services to function.
For example, sharing your contacts helps make it easier for you to find the people you want to send money to. If you choose not to share your contacts with us, you can still use our mobile apps, but some actions may not be as fast or easy as it would be if you shared your contacts. Another example is creating an account or Fastlane profile with us. If you choose not to provide information that is required for an account or Fastlane profile to function, like your name and email address, we will not be able to create an account or Fastlane profile for you.
Choose how linked accounts collect and use Personal Information
If you link your account to a third-party service, you may be able to manage how your Personal Information is collected, used, and shared by them. Read the third parties’ privacy policies to see the choices they offer you.
You can control which third-party services you link to your account and what Personal Information they can collect about you. For example, to manage the permissions, go to the Security settings in your PayPal account.
Choose what we disclose with other Users
Some Personal Information may be seen by other Users. You may be able to adjust or turn off this setting in the Data and Privacy section in your account settings.
Choose what we share with Partners and Merchants for Personalized Shopping
Unless we are required by law to obtain your consent, we share Personal Information collected after November 27, 2024 (or from earlier if you consent) for personalized shopping experiences. Personal Information we disclose includes, for example, products, preferences, sizes, and styles we think you’ll like. To opt-out of Personal Information sharing with Partners and Merchants for personalized shopping experiences, log into your PayPal account and edit your preferences in the Data and Privacy setting. If you opt-out, we will continue to disclose your Personal Information as necessary to complete transactions you initiate but will not disclose Personal Information to Partners and Merchants for personalized shopping experiences.
Choose how we communicate with you
Your choices about how we communicate with you differ depending on the purpose of the message and how it is delivered. Some messages are considered optional, and some are necessary for you to manage your accounts or Fastlane profile with us. We use email, text messages, push notifications on your mobile device, and even phone calls or paper mail depending on the situation and your preferences.
You can click the unsubscribe link in a PayPal or Fastlane marketing email, opt-out of a text message by replying “STOP,” or turn off notifications on your device. You can also change your account’s notification settings or the notification preferences on your device.
You won’t be able to opt-out of messages that are considered necessary for the Services, such as digital receipts and emails that alert you to changes in your account or Fastlane profile's status. You may be able to decide how we send those messages, such as by email, phone, text message, or a notification on your mobile device.
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable protection for your Personal Information against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration. The security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centers, and information access authorization controls. While we are dedicated to securing our systems and Services, you are responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your password(s) and account/Fastlane profile registration information and verifying that the Personal Information we maintain about you is accurate and current. We are not responsible for protecting any Personal Information that we share with a third-party based on a linked account connection that you have authorized.
Can Children Use Our Services?
We do not knowingly collect information, including Personal Information, from children under the age of 13 or other individuals who are not legally allowed to use our Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Personal Information from someone not allowed to use our Services, we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated to retain such data.
Please
contact us
if you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from someone not allowed to use our Services.
We do not sell to third parties for money, or share Personal Information of anyone under 16 years of age, for the purpose of cross-context behavioral advertising.
Definitions
Device Information means data that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device.
Excluded Services means companies or separate brands, affiliates, or subsidiaries of PayPal, who process Personal Information in accordance with their own terms of service and separate privacy statements. Examples include Venmo, Honey Science LLC, Chargehound LLC, Hyperwallet, Simility, Swift Financial LLC, and Bill Me Later, Inc
Geolocation Information means information that identifies, with precise specificity, your location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through your GPS, or your device settings.
Location Information means information that identifies, with reasonable specificity, your approximate location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through GPS or Wi-Fi or cell site triangulation.
Partners and Merchants means our partners and the merchants, partners or businesses that our Users transact with for the purpose of obtaining goods or services.
Pay Without a PayPal account means our Services may be accessed by individuals without using a PayPal account, a Fastlane profile, or the Unbranded Payment Services. Pay Without a PayPal account does not include Venmo, which is subject to its own terms of service and separate privacy statement.
PayPal means PayPal, Inc. which offers PayPal, Xoom, Unbranded Payment Services, and Fastlane profile services.
Personal Information in this Privacy Statement means information about you, including your identity, finances and online behavior.
Sell under California law is defined as the disclosure of Personal Information to third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Services means any PayPal, Unbranded Payment Services, Pay Without a PayPal account, Fastlane, Xoom, Zettle (including Tap to Pay), bill pay, Rewards, sending or receiving money, credit products and services, including those offered with our Partners and Merchants, content, features, technologies, or functions, and all related websites, applications and services offered to you by PayPal, with the exception of the Excluded Services. Your use of the Services includes use of our Sites.
Sharing under California law is defined as the targeting of advertising to a consumer based on that consumer’s Personal Information obtained from the consumer’s activity across websites.
Sites means the websites, mobile apps, official social media platforms, or other online properties through which PayPal offers the Services and which has posted or linked to this Privacy Statement.
Unbranded Payment Services means when you are interacting with and making payments to Partners and Merchants using our card processing and/or ACH origination services that do not carry the PayPal brand or when you use our Braintree or Zettle services.
Our Contact Information
If you have questions about this Privacy Statement or your Personal Information, contact us so we can help.
To talk about your PayPal account or Unbranded Payment Services:
Call PayPal Customer Service at 1-888-221-1161
or
visit our Customer Service web portal
To talk about your Fastlane profile:
Call PayPal Customer Service at 1-844-705-3555
Or visit your
Fastlane profile management portal
To talk about your Xoom account:
Call Xoom Customer Service at 1-877-815-1531
or
visit our Help Center web portal
CCPA California Notice at Collection
Most of the Personal Information we collect is subject to federal and state privacy laws that apply to financial institutions. To the extent the Personal Information is not subject to these federal and state financial privacy laws and to the extent it is collected in California about California residents, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) may apply. The following section pertains only to Personal Information that is subject to the CCPA (“CCPA personal information”) and makes statements that reference unique definitions and requirements of law.
This CCPA California Notice at Collection describes: (1) the purpose for which we use each category of “CCPA personal information” we collect; and (2) the categories of third parties to which we (a) disclose CCPA personal information for a business purpose, and/or (b) “share” CCPA personal information for “cross-context behavioral advertising” and/or (c) “sell” such CCPA personal information, as applicable.
Under California law, “sharing” is defined as the sharing or disclosure of CCPA personal information by a business to a third party, for the targeting of advertising to a consumer, based on that consumer’s personal information obtained from the consumer’s CCPA activity across businesses, websites, applications, or services, other than those with which a consumer uses or directs a business to internally disclose CCPA personal information or intentionally interact with one or more third parties. “Selling” is defined as the disclosure of CCPA personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration, but does not apply to such disclosures when a consumer uses or directs a business to intentionally disclose CCPA personal information or interact with one or more third parties.
We do not sell or share your CCPA personal information, including any Sensitive CCPA personal information, outside the exceptions.
We also do not sell or share, and have no actual knowledge that we have sold or shared any CCPA personal information of anyone under 16 years of age.
For more information about each category, purpose of use, and the third parties to which we disclose CCPA personal information, please see the “Categories of Personal Information We Collect”, “How is Personal Information used,” and “Do We Disclose Personal Information” sections.
Categories of Personal Information
Purpose of Collection
Categories of 3
rd
Parties to which PayPal discloses this Personal Information for Business Purpose
Identifiers
Provide Services
Communicate with you
Link an account
Manage and improve our Services
Manage fraud and risk
Market our Services
Comply with laws
Process information about your contacts
Communicate with you
Provide receipts in connection with Zettle services
Remember your preferences
Associate information about you
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Card Networks and Payment Processors
Fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
Credit Reporting Agencies
Service providers
Other Users in accordance with account settings
Linked Accounts
Partners and Merchants
Other third parties
Buyers in connection with a business transfer
Records and Financial Information
Provide Services
Communicate with you
Link an account
Keep your account and Fastlane profile and financial information up to date
Manage and improve our Services
Manage fraud and risk
Market our Services Personalize your experience
Provide personalized Services
Comply with Laws
Process information about your contacts
Communicate with you
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Card Networks and Payment Processors
Fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
Credit Reporting Agencies
Service Providers, other
Other Users in accordance with account settings
Linked Accounts
Partners and Merchants
Other third parties for business purposes
Buyers in connection with a business transfer
Commercial information
Provide Services
Communicate with you
Manage and improve our Services
Manage fraud and risk
Market our Services
Comply with Laws
Remember your preferences
Associate information about you
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Partners and Merchants
Other third parties
Buyers or in connection with business transfer
Other Users if you have a business profile
Geolocation Data
Send you location-based options
Manage fraud and risk
Authorities
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Partners and Merchants
Internet or network activity
Operate and provide Services,
Communicate with you
Manage and improve Services
Market our Services
Send you locally relevant options
Comply with law
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Partners and Merchants
Authorities
Biometric
Authenticate you for certain actions related to your account, including to:
meet regulatory requirements or before you access accounts and services
recover passwords
update profile info
manage payments and payment methods
lift account limitations
initiate third-party crypto currency transfers
Service Providers
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information
Provide Services
Authenticate your access to an account or Fastlane profile
Manage and improve Services
Manage fraud and risk
Service Providers
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Professional or employment information
Provide Services
Manage fraud and risk
Service Providers
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Information about your imported contacts
Provide Services
Service Providers
Information in your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile
Provide Services
Service Providers
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Information you provide when you contact us
Provide Services
Authenticate your access to an account or Fastlane profile
Manage and improve Services
Manage fraud and risk
Service Providers
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Inferred data
Provide Services
Manage fraud and risk
Market our Services
Display content based on your interest
Better respond to your requests or inquiries or for similar customer service issues
Verify your identity
Conduct risk assessment
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Sensitive Personal Information
Provide Services
Manage fraud and risk
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Buyers or in connection with business transfer
Characteristics of Protected Classifications
Provide our Services
Manage risk
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Authorities
Information from your device
Provide Services
Manage and improve our Services
Manage fraud and risk
Communicate with you
Link an account
Market our Services
Personalize your experience
Comply with laws
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
US Consumer Privacy Notice
The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and uses PayPal Services for your own personal, family, or household purposes.
This Consumer Privacy Notice does not apply to Unbranded Payment Services.
Rev. November 2024
FACTS
WHAT DOES PAYPAL DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and account balances
Payment history or transaction history
Credit history or credit scores
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons PayPal chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does PayPal share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes –
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes –
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes –
information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes –
information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
Yes for PayPal accounts Only
No for all other GLBA covered products and services (including Fastlane)
Yes for PayPal accounts Only. We don’t share for all other GLBA covered products and services (including Fastlane)
Questions?
Call our customer service at 1-888-221-1161or visit us at
/smarthelp/contact-us/privacy
.
To limit our sharing
To limit our sharing
You may limit our sharing by logging into you PayPal account and editing your preferences in the Data and Privacy setting.
Please note:
If you are an existing PayPal customer who had a PayPal account before November 27, 2024, we only share personal information collected after November 27, 2024, unless you opt-out. We may share information from earlier in your account, which allows for even better personalization, if you affirmatively consent by editing your preferences in your Data and Privacy settings.
If you are a customer who opened a PayPal account after November 27, 2024, we can begin sharing information associated with your account. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
Who we are
Who is providing this Privacy
Statement
?
This privacy notice is provided by PayPal, Inc. and is applicable to your personal U.S. PayPal and Xoom accounts, and Fastlane profile.
What we do
How does PayPal protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does PayPal collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or provide account information
use your credit or debit card or give us your contact information
use your PayPal and/or Xoom account to send or receive funds
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more information on your rights under state law.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include Bill Me Later, Inc.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include financial companies and banks.
Other important information
We may transfer Personal Information to other countries, for example, for customer service or to process transactions.
California:
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) permits consumers who are California residents to ask businesses covered under the CCPA about Personal Information it has collected about the consumer, submit an access or deletion request, and opt-out of the sale of Personal Information, if applicable. These provisions do not apply to personal information collected, processed, shared, or disclosed by financial institutions pursuant to federal law such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Please see our
California, North Dakota, and Vermont Supplemental Financial Privacy Notice
for more information. Contact us if you have questions about our privacy statement, this consumer notice, or your Personal Information. If your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile has a California mailing address, we will not share Personal Information we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.
To talk about your PayPal account, call PayPal Customer Service at 1-888-221-1161 or visit our
Customer Service web portal
. To talk about your Xoom account, call Xoom Customer Service at 1-877-815-1531 or visit our
Help Center web portal
. To talk about your Fastlane profile, call PayPal Customer Service at 1-844-705-3555 or visit your
Fastlane profile management portal
.
Vermont
: If your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile has a Vermont mailing address, We will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures. Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found at
Customer Service web portal
or call 1-888-221-1161
Nevada
: If your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile has a Nevada mailing address, we are providing this notice pursuant to Nevada law. If you prefer not to receive marketing calls from PayPal, you may be placed on our internal Do Not Call List by calling 1-888-221-1161 or going to
/smarthelp/home
. For more information, you can contact PayPal at 12312 Port Grace Blvd, La Vista, NE 68128 or you can contact the Bureau of Consumer Protection, Office of the Nevada Attorney General, 555 E. Washington St., Suite 3900, Las Vegas, NV 89101; telephone number: 1-702-486-3132; email: Aginfo@ag.nv.gov
Sub-policy 7
https://www.revolut.com/privacy-policy/:
You’re on the United Kingdom website. Choose your country or region to see  location-specific content
Ireland
Privacy at Revolut
At Revolut, it’s important to us that you have choices and control in how we handle your personal data. All our products are reviewed extensively by our privacy team before launch, so you can expect privacy by design.
Your privacy matters to us
Your data
Your personal data belongs to you, and you have the right to understand and control how it’s used.
Your rights
If you want to exercise your rights over your personal data, you can contact us any time at
dpo@revolut.com
.
Our commitment to you
Keeping you in the loop
If you share data with us, we'll let you know exactly how we’re using it. We'll explain how we collect and use your personal data in our privacy notices, so you know what's happening.
Giving you the right to choose
We give you clear choices and simple tools to exercise your rights. If we collect data, we’ll tell you why. Adjust your preferences anytime through the 'Security & privacy' or 'Notification settings' sections in-app.
Protecting your money and data
Our full-stack security systems watch over your account 24/7 to flag suspicious activity and keep your details safe. And our award-winning Customer Support team is always on hand if you need help.
Putting our customers first
When we collect and use your data, it’s only to help us deliver exceptional services, and improve your experience.
Our full privacy notices
Privacy notices for retail customers
Customer Privacy Notice for personal account customers
Revolut <18 Customer Privacy Notice
Revolut Business privacy notices
Revolut Business Customer Privacy Notice
Prospective Customer Privacy Notice
We want to build a better financial system with you in control, and respecting your privacy is a big part of that goal. 
We’re always working to improve, so if you notice something that doesn’t meet your expectations when it comes to privacy, let us know. Our friendly privacy team at
dpo@revolut.com
will make sure your voice is heard.
Choose your cookies
Cookies help us to enhance your experience, tailor ads to your interests, and improve our website.
Learn more and manage
Accept all
Reject non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 8
https://www.apple.com/uk/privacy/:
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Designed for Families
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Designed for Families
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Straps
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
Privacy. That’s Apple.
Privacy.
That’s Apple.
Privacy is a fundamental human right. It’s also one of our core values. Which is why we design our products and services to protect it. That’s the kind of innovation we believe in.
Apple Intelligence.
Great powers come
with great privacy.
Apple Intelligence is the personal intelligence system that helps you write, express yourself and get things done effortlessly. With groundbreaking privacy protections, it gives you peace of mind that no one else can access your data — not even Apple.
On-device
processing
allows Apple Intelligence to be aware of your data without collecting your data.
On-device processing
The cornerstone of Apple Intelligence is on‑device processing, which gives Apple Intelligence the ability to fulfil many of your requests without leaving your device.
Deeply integrated into your iPhone, iPad and Mac
Powered by Apple silicon
Designed to protect your privacy at every step
Private Cloud Compute
extends the privacy of Apple devices for more complex requests.
Private Cloud Compute
Some requests require more computational power than what fits in your pocket. For these more complex requests, Apple Intelligence can draw on Private Cloud Compute and extend the privacy of your Apple devices to Apple silicon servers.
Your data is only used for your requests
Your data is never stored or made accessible to anyone
Independent experts can verify its privacy promise
Available now
*
Learn more about Apple Intelligence
Discover everyday privacy protections.
Locked and Hidden Apps.
Choose
what’s
visible.
Locked and Hidden Apps
Locked apps allow you to show your screen to someone while protecting sensitive areas of your phone. For additional privacy, you can hide a locked app. This removes the hidden app’s name and icon from the Home Screen and search results, and pauses its notifications. You can access locked or hidden apps with Face ID, Touch ID or a passcode.
Private Browsing.
Powerfully
private.
Private Browsing
When you turn on Private Browsing, Safari won’t save the sites you visit, your searches, or any information from forms you fill in. Advanced tracking and fingerprinting protections help prevent websites from tracking or identifying your device. And your private browsing windows automatically lock when you’re not using them.
Passkeys.
Simple.
Secure.
So not a
password
.
Passkeys
A passkey eliminates the need for a password by using a unique digital key that only works from the site or app it was created for, so you don’t have to worry about website leaks or phishing. Passkeys are securely synced across Apple devices. Just use Touch ID or Face ID to authenticate and you’re done.
Lock Hidden Albums.
Keep Hidden
and Recently
Deleted
photos
private.
Lock Hidden Albums
Your Hidden and Recently Deleted albums in Photos are locked by default and can be unlocked using your device’s authentication method — Face ID, Touch ID or your passcode.
Safety Check.
Take
control
in times of
crisis.
Safety Check
Safety Check is a section in Settings that helps people in domestic or intimate partner violence situations quickly reset the access they’ve granted to others. It also helps you manage which people and apps you’ve given access to.
Learn more about personal safety with Apple devices
App Tracking Transparency.
Decide which
apps are
allowed to
track
track
track
track
you.
App Tracking Transparency
Make more informed choices about the apps you use and the permissions you grant them. Apps are required to ask your permission when they want to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies. And you can change your preference for any app or prevent apps from asking for permission entirely in Settings.
Mail Privacy Protection.
Read
Read
,
delete
and
reply
with peace
of mind.
Mail Privacy Protection
Mail Privacy Protection hides your IP address, so senders can’t link it to your other online activity or determine your location. And it prevents senders from seeing if and when you’ve opened their email.
Our apps mind their business. Not yours.
Safari throws trackers off your trail.
Safari
Some websites allow hundreds of different data collection companies to watch you, build a profile of you and serve you ads as you browse the web. Intelligent Tracking Prevention in Safari uses on-device machine learning to help block those trackers. And you can get a snapshot of all the cross-site trackers Safari is blocking by visiting your Privacy Report in the Safari toolbar.
When you use Private Browsing, the details of your browsing aren’t saved, and the websites you visit aren’t shared with your other Apple devices. And starting with iOS 17, iPadOS 17 and macOS Sonoma, Private Browsing now locks your private browsing windows when you’re not using them, completely blocks known trackers from loading on pages, and removes tracking added to URLs as you browse.
View all privacy features
Health keeps your records under wraps.
Health
From your heart rate to your menstrual cycle, apps and devices for your health can give you insight into some of your most personal details. With the Health app, you’re in charge of what information you’d like to include, what not to, and who has access to it.
When you do want to securely share your health data from the Health app with your doctors, they’ll see the data you shared in a dashboard in the provider’s health records system.
All of your data is encrypted and only accessible with your passcode, Touch ID or Face ID. So however you use the Health app, you’re always in control of your data.
Wallet and Apple Pay help hide what you buy.
Wallet and Apple Pay
When you make a purchase, Apple Pay uses a device-specific number and unique transaction code. So your card number is never stored on your device or on Apple servers. And when you pay, your card numbers are never shared by Apple with merchants.
When you pay with a debit or credit card, Apple Pay doesn’t keep transaction information that can be tied back to you. And when you use Apple Pay, information is stored only for troubleshooting, fraud prevention and regulatory purposes.
Maps makes your location history, history.
Maps
Where you go says a lot about you. Maps delivers a great experience without Apple knowing which shops, neighbourhoods or clinics you visit. And because Maps doesn’t include a sign-in, where you go isn’t associated with your Apple Account at all.
Personalised features, like locating your parked car, are created directly on your device. Data used to improve navigation, such as routes and search terms, is not associated with your identity. Instead, that information is based on random identifiers that are constantly changing.
Photos lets you choose who has the full picture.
Photos
Your photo and video albums are full of precious moments, friends and your favourite things. Apple devices are designed to give you control over those memories.
Photos is also designed so that the face recognition and scene and object detection — which power features like For You, Memories, Sharing Suggestions and the People album — happen on device instead of in the cloud. In fact, the A13 Bionic and later chips perform over 100 billion operations per photo to recognise faces and places without ever leaving your device. And when apps request access to your photos, you can share just the images you want — not your entire library.
Messages are only seen by who you send them to.
Messages
From inside jokes to invitations, a lot of life happens in text and video chats. Every blue-bubble message, picture, Animoji and video is encrypted while being sent between devices.
Smart suggestions in Messages, like pulling up photos to send based on who you’re messaging, are all done on your device.
Siri learns what you need. Not who you are.
Siri
Siri was designed from the beginning to learn your preferences without sharing your identity with Apple or anyone else. You don’t sign in with your Apple Account to use Siri, and the audio of your requests is processed entirely on your device thanks to the power of the Apple Neural Engine.
When Apple does process or store data on our servers, it’s associated with a random identifier — a long string of letters and numbers. That data is used only to improve Siri, and we never share or sell it. Apple doesn’t retain audio of your requests unless you choose to share it with us to improve Siri.
Apple News leaves what you read off the record.
Apple News
Many news sources keep track of your identity and create a profile of you. Apple News delivers personalised content without knowing who you are. The content you read is associated with a random identifier, not your Apple Account.
You get editor-curated content and a personalised newsfeed so you can stay up to date with the latest news and stories. And because Apple News uses machine learning, the more you use it, the better your app gets to know what you like — without Apple ever knowing what you’re into.
App Store shows you what’s in store for your data.
App Store
Every one of the more than 1.8 million apps on the App Store is required to follow strict privacy guidelines and report how it uses your data. And every app is rigorously reviewed by a team of experts at Apple.
When you’re checking out an app, you’ll see its Privacy Nutrition Label to help you decide if it works for you. Apps you choose to download need your permission to access information like your photos or location — and you can always change your mind about what you share. iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5 or later require developers to get your permission before tracking your activity across other companies’ apps and websites for ads or data brokers.
Get the latest on Privacy.
Your other browser may be watching you.
Safari protects your privacy.
Watch the film
Discover how Apple Vision Pro protects your data.
Like every Apple product and service, Apple Vision Pro is designed to protect your privacy and keep you in control of your data.
View (PDF)
Protect your data from malware.
Apple’s layers of security and App Store protections help shield you from malware.
View (PDF)
Control how apps use your data.
Every day, people go about their lives unaware that their personal information is being harvested.
View (PDF)
Learn more about privacy at Apple.
Review privacy features
Control what you share
See how apps from Apple
handle your data
Our values lead the way.
Accessibility
Our built-in accessibility features are designed to work the way you do.
Learn more
Environment
We’re committed to bringing our net emissions to zero across our entire carbon footprint by 2030.
Learn more
Racial Equity
and Justice Initiative
We’re addressing systemic racism by expanding opportunities for communities of colour globally.
Learn more
Education
We empower students and educators to learn, create and define their own success.
Learn more
Supply Chain Innovation
We prioritise providing safe, respectful and supportive workplaces for everyone.
Learn more
Sub-policy 9
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 10
https://dnapayments.com/page/privacy-policy:
Font size:
100%
150%
200%
Colours:
White
Black
Full
Voice assistant:
Images:
Close "Easy read"
Voice assistant
We have a voice assistant to help you browse the website.
To use it, select and highlight the text and press the Speaker Icon
Close
CLOSE
Payment solutions
Payment solutions
Payment Terminals
Mobile
Portable
Countertop
Unattended
axept® PRO app
Online Payments
Website Payments
Virtual Terminal
Payment Links
Recurring Payments
Charity Donations
ePOS Systems
Oracle ePOS
Zash ePOS
Services
Services
Our services
Merchant Portal
Payment Gateway
Platforms supported
Payment methods
Custom branding
Security
Security Protocols
3DS v2
PCI SAQ
PCI DSS
P2PE v3
Fraud management
Sectors
Sectors
Sectors
Hospitality
Retail
Food & Beverage
eCommerce
Builders Merchants
Company
Company
About us
About us
News
Our team
Our history
Status
Careers
Partners
Partnership types
Partner tools
Partner APIs
Our partners
Support
Support
Support
Help centre
Guides
Contact us
Developers
Terminal software update
Log in
Get a quote
Sub-policy 11
https://www.klarna.com/uk/privacy-and-security/:
For shoppers
For business
Secure and private. By design.
We understand the importance of keeping your personal and financial information secure and private. From making sure you get what you pay for, to fraud monitoring and data encryption, we’re here to make sure you can always shop and pay with peace of mind.
Exercise my privacy rights
Built-in privacy
Your privacy comes first, our products are designed and built to safeguard your data while still being easy to use.
Always in control
You can easily manage, access or delete your personal data when you are logged into your Klarna account.
Open and transparent
The reasons we collect and process your data are easily accessible and clearly outlined in our Privacy Notice.
Enhanced data protection
We only collect the information we need to give you the best experience possible and we use data encryption to keep it safe.
How we process and safeguard your data
Our Privacy Notice provides all the information about how we use your personal data and outlines our commitment to protect your personal data.
Privacy Notice
How we provide the best shopping experience
The Klarna Shopping Service terms explain how we provide an optimal shopping experience, including explaining details regarding your account, our payment methods, and how we protect your purchases.
Klarna Shopping Service
How we use tracking technologies
Our Cookie Notice details how we use tracking technologies to optimise the functionality of our website and improve your user experience. It also explains how you can control the use of these tracking technologies.
Cookie Notice
How does Klarna collect my data?
When you use Klarna, there are two ways we can receive your personal data:
Personal data that you provide to us. This includes, for example, your contact- and identification information or your payment information.
Personal data that we collect about you from a variety of sources. We receive information from credit and fraud prevention agencies, stores, or public databases, among others. This can include name, date of birth, place of birth, financial information, or how you use our service.
Which purposes does Klarna use my data for?
As we continuously work to elevate your shopping experience, we may use your data for a variety of reasons, for example:
Verify your identity when you use our services or contact us
Engage with you as a customer
Provide you with the services you requested
Give you an overview on your financial situation
Understand your eligibility for Klarna products and services
Communicate information on the products we offer
Conduct customer satisfaction survey
Carry out credit and fraud assessments
Perform debt collection service
Prevent IT attack
Meet regulatory and legal requirements
For more detailed information about the different reasons for collecting and using each type of your data, see our
Privacy Notice
.
How does Klarna use my data?
We value and respect your data, and always seek to improve your everyday interactions with us. Here are key ways your personal data, once shared with us, serves to benefit you:
Paying with Klarna:
We perform internal and third-party credit checks, gather contact and ID information, and analyse interactions with Klarna to understand your eligibility for our products and services.
Klarna App:
We collect data on app interactions, past purchases, linked bank transactions, and preferred items to enhance the app experience and provide personalised offerings like tracking deliveries, price drop notifications, and financial overview.
Support:
We gather contact and ID details and document past conversations to ensure efficient, personalised support and faster response times.
Safe shopping:
We record contact and ID information, financial details, device data, and interaction information to protect against fraud and money laundering.
Communication and Offers:
We keep records of prior purchases, interactions, and device details to send updates, offers, and product recommendations.
For more detailed information on how we process your data, see our
Privacy Notice
.
How is the security of my information ensured?
Your information security and privacy is the most important to us at Klarna. These are some of the measures we take in our approach to protect your data:
Investment in State-of-the-art Systems:
Our advanced security infrastructure vigilantly monitors our ecosystem, identifying any suspicious activity.
Proactive Risk Management:
Before developing our products, we conduct rigorous risk assessments and implement preventive measures to maintain robust security.
Data Encryption:
We utilise appropriate encryption techniques to protect your data from unauthorised access.
Limited Access within the organisation:
We ensure that only authorised individuals have access to your data.
Compliance with Regulations:
As a finance institution, we are subject to regular external audits which scrutinise our security protocols to maintain the highest standards.
Read more about security at Klarna
here
.
How can I review and access my data?
You can review and access a copy of all personal data that we store about you at any time. To access your data, log into your Klarna account, go to "Security and privacy," and then select "Privacy rights" to initiate the request.
The information you receive may include details related to your previous purchases with Klarna and the products and services you have used.
How can I delete my data?
You have the right to request the deletion of your personal data. When you exercise your right to be forgotten, your data will be deleted, and all agreements you have with us will be terminated. As a bank, we are required by law to retain certain personal data even after your deletion request. We may also retain certain information based on legitimate interest to protect you and us, such as for fraud prevention purposes.
Once you have exercised your right to be forgotten, you'll no longer be able to access previous orders or your account. You can place new orders again after we have successfully deleted your data.
To request data deletion, log into your Klarna account, navigate to "Security and privacy," and then select "Privacy rights" to initiate the process.
Send us your privacy request
You're in control. Here is how you can exercise different privacy rights at Klarna:
Delete your personal data
You can easily request data deletion, by logging in to your Klarna account; navigate to "Security and privacy," and then select "Privacy rights" to initiate the process.
Access your personal data
To access your data, log in to your Klarna account, go to "Security and privacy," and then select "Privacy rights" to initiate the request.
Object to the processing of your personal data or correct your personal data
If you want to object to the processing of your personal data or correct your personal data, use the form below.
Please choose one of the following request types.
Object to the processing of my personal data
Correct my personal data
My Privacy Request *
Delete my personal data
By requesting your data to be deleted you terminate all agreements you have with us.
All fields marked with an * are required.
Correct my personal data
You can have inaccurate data corrected for your name, date of birth and billing address.
All fields marked with an * are required.
Access my personal data
Klarna will not store your phone number or email, unless you have previously shared it with us for instance, by using one of Klarna's products.
All fields marked with an * are required.
Object to the processing of my personal data
You can object to the processing of your personal data that is carried out based on legitimate interest, for example performing customer satisfaction surveys.
Upon receiving your objection, we will thoroughly assess your specific situation against our legitimate reasons for processing the data. If we determine that your rights, interests, and freedoms outweigh our grounds, we will cease processing the data. Please be aware this could impact certain services we provide.
All fields marked with an * are required.
First name *
Last name *
Email used to place orders *
Please confirm your email *
Date of birth *
For more information about how we handle your personal data, please read our
Privacy Notice
.
Please select which of the below details you wish to have rectified:
Name
Date of birth
Billing address
Please upload one of the following documents in order to verify these changes:
For name and/or date of birth - Passport, Driving licence, Birth certificate, Marriage certificate or Death certificate.
For billing address - Utility Bill, Bank statements, Government issued letter (must be dated within the last 90 days).
Upload files here
Accepted file formats: .jpg, .jpeg, .png, .pdf, .heic, .eml
Please note that this form serves to rectify your name, DOB or billing address. To change any other type of personal data such as email address, phone number, etc. please reach out to our service center.
For your security, please feel free to redact any information not applicable before attaching.
For more information about how we handle your personal data, please read our
Privacy Notice
.
A valid mobile phone number  *
Reviews submitted to Klarna on products and/or merchants
Your profile picture uploaded to the user portal or Klarna App
Data connected to Klarna Loans and Close Brothers Retail Finance
Information regarding additional support if you specifically requested it
For more information about how we handle your personal data, please read our
Privacy Notice
.
Against which processing activity do you wish to object and based on which reasoning?
You can find information about the processing activities that we base on legitimate interest in our Privacy Notice under Section 4 *
For more information about how we handle your personal data, please read our
Privacy Notice
.
Customer service
Sub-policy 12
https://www.clearpay.co.uk/en-GB/applicant-privacy:
Get the app
How it Works
Invite a friend
For Retailers
No suggestions found
Categories
No categories found
Login
Sign Up
All categories
Most Popular
On sale
New
Support Small
Shop In-Store
All categories
Most Popular
On sale
New
Support Small
Shop In-Store
When you apply for a job with us, are a sourced or referred applicant, or you are asked to provide feedback as a referee about a job applicant, we appreciate that you trust us with your personal data that we collect and handle.
Here we provide an overview of what personal data we collect from you and why, our handling practices, and your rights and choices.
This policy applies to Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd ACN 169 342 947, Afterpay NZ Limited (Company number: 6340314), Afterpay US , Inc., Afterpay US Services, LLC, Afterpay Canada Limited, Clearpay Finance Limited (company number 05198026), AfterPay Information Technology Service (Shanghai) Co. Ltd (Unified social credit number: 91310115MA1K4J2N19), Clearpay S.A.U (Company number A85827335), Clearpay Technology, S.L (Company number B87919999), and their affiliates and related companies (together, ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’).
The company you are interacting with as indicated above is collecting the personal data and will process it, but may share it with other entities as set forth in this Policy.
Each Clearpay company named, acts as a Data Controller in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and U.K. GDPR / 2018 Data Protection Act 2018 as applicable. If you are resident in mainland China, AfterPay Information Technology Service (Shanghai) Co., Ltd may act as a Personal Information Processor in accordance with the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China. Please contact us if you would like a copy of this Policy in Mandarin.
What is personal data?
Personal data is any information that reasonably identifies you and is about you as described in our applicable privacy laws. Some examples of personal data are your Curriculum Vitae, references, name, home address, and date of birth.
Personal data we collect and why
If you are applying for a job with us, we may ask for your personal data directly from you to determine your suitability for the job, and in order to enter into an employment agreement with you. We may also collect personal data about you from third parties where you have authorised us to do so, and from publicly available sources, such as your LinkedIn profile. We may collect personal data about you from a third party, such as from an Afterpay or Clearpay employee or a recruitment agency that has referred you for a job application.
If you are applying for a job and are unable or refuse to provide the requested personal data for our recruitment purposes, we may not be able to progress with your application or offer you employment.
We may collect your personal data for the purposes and uses outlined in the table below and where otherwise lawful to do so. We may collect and process your personal data where necessary and a legal basis under applicable law applies in addition to the table below. We will let you know where applicable and appropriate.
Category
Contact details. For example, your name, personal email address, phone number, residential address, location
Professional or employment related information including education, work experience, skills, compensation and benefits, desired salary, willingness to relocate, job preferences, notice period, other information relating to compensation and benefits, and resume/Curriculum Vitae
Purpose/s
To enter into a contract with you
We will use your personal and contact details and your professional or employment related information to identify you and process your job application, and enter into an employment agreement with you should your application be successful and we make you an offer of employment.
We will use your contact details to get in touch with you, and discuss your application with you.
With your consent
We may, with your consent, retain and use your personal data to inform you about and consider you for other roles that may be appropriate for you.
If you are a referee and are asked to provide a reference, we will identify you and record your reference in relation to an applicant.
Other professional or employment related information publicly available information including from links you have provided in your job application, such as LinkedIn or GitHub, and additional information provided by you to support your application
Opinions about you (or from you), including from our recruiting partners and vendors who you agree to undertake assessments with, from an individual who refers you for a role, from references you have provided, and our staff who assess your application
Our legitimate interests
To review your application, determine suitability including assessing skills, qualifications and interests, and take any further necessary steps required to enter into an employment agreement with you. We may also use personal data to analyse and improve our application and recruitment process.
Information contained in background checks including reference checks and police checks
As required by law or for our legitimate interests
We will ask you if we can conduct a criminal record check.
We may process data relating to criminal convictions and offences in order to comply with our obligations under anti-money laundering and counter terrorist financing regulations. We may also conduct a criminal record check for our legitimate interests to determine your suitability for a role with us.
Demographic information provided in the voluntary diversity survey eg your age, gender, ethnicity
With your consent
If you choose to complete the voluntary demographic questions on the application form, we will only use your responses in an aggregated and anonymised way (that is, without identifying you personally) for the purposes of diversity analysis, tracking and reporting (internal and external) in accordance with applicable laws.
Disability, health, and other sensitive or special categories of personal data
Depending upon applicable law, certain personal data listed in other rows above may also be deemed as sensitive personal data. If you are uncertain which personal data constitutes sensitive personal data, please inquire with us before giving your consent to our processing of your personal data.
With your consent
We will obtain with your consent any personal data classified as special or sensitive, such as if you elect to tell us about a health condition.
With your consent and in accordance with applicable laws
We welcome applications from people with disabilities and will endeavor to offer reasonable adjustments through the recruitment process to ensure equal participation for people with disabilities. If you choose to disclose disability, health or other sensitive personal data to us on your application form or during the recruitment process, we will use this information only to provide reasonable adjustments in the recruitment process and in order to comply with applicable labour inclusion laws.
How your personal data is used and shared
We may use and share your personal data with the following categories of recipients where lawful to do so, to the extent necessary to satisfy the relevant purposes outlined in “Personal data we collect and why”, or where otherwise authorised or required under applicable law. We do not sell your personal data.
We may share your personal data with:
Afterpay entities, affiliates and related companies (company group). our suppliers and Service Providers for the provision, maintenance, and improvement of our processes, including for the purposes of reviewing your application and determining suitability, conducting assessments, performing background checks, and entering into an employment contract with you. We may also use and share your personal data to support recruitment administration and to improve our recruitment processes.
An individual who acts as your reference check, to let them know you have applied for a job with us, and to request a reference.
Companies that we plan to merge with or be acquired by or who may invest in us.
Where required or permitted by or under law, including to government, law enforcement, and regulatory authorities, and where required under lawful search warrants, subpoenas, or court/tribunal orders. When we disclose your personal data to comply with a legal obligation or process, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that we only disclose the minimum personal data necessary for the specific purpose and circumstances.
Cross border transfers
We may collect or transfer personal data across borders in a secure and lawful manner, within and externally to our company group, including for purposes described in this Policy and as otherwise required or permitted by law.
We take necessary steps to require entities that deal with your personal data, by written agreement, to comply with a similar standard of compliance with applicable privacy requirements and to have appropriate safeguards. Where required, cross-border transfer mechanisms under the GDPR for transfers of personal data outside the European Economic Area and UK GDPR for transfers outside of the UK. For example, transferring personal data to a European Commission approved third country holding an adequacy decision or binding third parties to provide appropriate and enforceable safeguards through standard contractual clauses, or where there is availability of an effective legal remedy to individual rights.
To facilitate our global operations we may share personal data within Afterpay and our affiliates and related companies, including those based in Australia, United States, United Kingdom, Canada, China, Singapore and New Zealand. We are bound by an Intercompany Personal Data Transfer Agreement that contains Standard Contractual Clauses.
How we keep your personal data safe﻿
As part of our commitment to protecting the security of any data we process, we have implemented appropriate physical, technical, and organisational security measures designed to secure your personal data against accidental loss and unauthorised access, use, alteration, or disclosure. We are an ISO 27001 compliant company, and require our third parties to meet appropriate privacy and security standards when handling data on our behalf.
How we retain your personal data
We will retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for. This includes where required under law, our legitimate interests, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, and for reasons explained in “Personal data we collect and why” and “How your personal data is used and shared”. We will otherwise delete personal data where we no longer have a lawful basis.
If your application is successful, we will retain personal data necessary for your employee file in accordance with our Employee Privacy Policy or where otherwise we have a lawful basis. You will receive a copy of the Employee Privacy Policy through our offer process.
When you provide your personal data to us to apply for a job application, and you are unsuccessful, we will retain it for up to one year from the date we notify you about the outcome of your application, unless we have another lawful basis to do so.
Your rights and choices
We respect your rights and choices you make about your personal data. Your rights and choices are where applicable to you based on your location and which company you are dealing with, and subject to limitations as required or permitted by law. They are set out below.
Where you have asked us to exercise a right or choice, we will review and advise you of the steps we have taken to respond within a reasonable and lawful timeframe, and explain our process and reasons.
We may not always be able to fulfill your request if we have a legitimate basis to refuse it. We will tell you why. For example, if you seek to erase your personal data in a way that would mean we are not able to comply with our obligations under law.
Right to
Withdraw your consent
Description
You have the right to withdraw your consent where we have relied on it. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide you with certain Services. It will not affect our lawful basis for processing by consent before your withdrawal
Further information
You have the right to enquire further about the personal data we hold about you and how we process it, including across borders.
This includes, whom we share your personal data across borders, the types of personal data they may receive, the purpose and methods of their processing, and other statutory information where required by law. You are encouraged to contact us for such information before giving your consent, where required, to proceed.
Access
You have the right to request access to and make a copy of your personal data.
Correction
You have the right to ask us to correct your personal data, including where you believe it is not accurate, complete, up to date, or relevant.
Make an enquiry or complaint
You have a right to make an enquiry or complaint, including to lodge a complaint with your local privacy authority.
Erasure
You have the right to ask us to erase your personal data, and where personal data is made public, to inform other controllers of your personal data where you have a lawful erasure right.
Restrict Processing
You have the right to ask us to restrict processing of your personal data.
Object to processing
You have the right to object to us processing your personal data.
Portability
You have the right to ask us to access or transfer on your behalf personal data we hold about you to a third party.
Contact Us
If you have a query or concern regarding the way we collect and handle your personal data, or would like to exercise your rights and choices, please reach out to our privacy specialists at
privacy@afterpay.com
or
privacy@clearpay.co.uk
or by mail to GPO Box 2269, Melbourne, VIC 3001, Australia.
If you are located in the UK or Europe and would like to speak to your local Data Protection Officer, please ask or address your email to the “Data Protection Officer” and send your request to the following:
UK
dpo@clearpay.co.uk
Clearpay Finance Limited
101 New Cavendish Street, London, W1W 6XH
EU
eudpo@clearpay.com
Clearpay S.A.U
Paseo de la Castellana 95 - 11 floor - Torre Europa - 28.046, Madrid
Rue Réaumur 124 - 75002 Paris, France
Via Pietro Paleocapa, 7 - 20121 Milano,
Clearpay Technology, S.L
Paseo de la Castellana 95 - 11 floor - Torre Europa - 28.046, Madrid
Changes to this Policy
The Policy will be reviewed regularly and updated as needed to reflect our current collection and handling practices. The updated version will be readily available on our website. The revised version will be effective from the time we post it. From time to time we may highlight major changes to the Applicant Privacy Policy on our Careers homepage, but we recommend you check the Applicant Privacy Policy regularly for changes. Your continued provision of your personal data to us after we have updated this Policy signifies your consent to such updated Policy.
Policy last updated:
3 November 2021
We and third parties use cookies to improve site functionality, measure performance and personalise ads. If you select ‘Accept all’, you agree to our use of all of these cookies. If you select ‘Deny all’, we will only use strictly necessary cookies. Adjust your preferences through ‘Manage cookies’. Read our Cookies Notice for more information.
Cookies Notice
Manage cookies
Deny All
Accept All
Manage your cookies settings
We use cookies that are necessary to make our site work without a hitch, improve their functionality, measure performance and personalise ads. We also use services from third parties who use cookies on this site. 

You can ‘Accept all’ or agree to individual categories of cookies by flipping the toggle next to each cookie category to the right. This excludes strictly necessary cookies, which are always active. Click on the different category headings for the nitty-gritty and decide what’s right for you. 

By accepting cookies other than strictly necessary, you agree that we may store and access cookies on your device, including to share your information with third parties, such as our analytics and ad partners. You can revoke this consent anytime by clicking on the footer ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of our websites. Blocking or opting-out of some types of cookies may impact your experience and the services we’re able to offer.
Cookies Notice
Accept All
Manage your cookies settings
These cookies are necessary to make our site work and can’t be switched off in our systems. They are usually set in response to your request for our services, such as enabling secure login, remembering your cookies choices, and for identity management, security and fraud prevention. You can set your browser to disable these, but our site may not work properly. For instance, you’ll have to make your cookies choices each time you visit our site.
Performance
These cookies allow us to understand how you interact with our site so we can measure and improve our performance, such as counting visits and traffic sources. If you do not allow these cookies, we won’t be able to better understand how we can improve your online experience.
Functional
These cookies allow us to enhance functionality and provide you a more personalised experience. For instance, they allow us to remember your site preferences, such as form information when you navigate back or forward on our site. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these functions may not work properly.
Marketing
These cookies allow us and our ad partners to show you relevant adverts on other sites. For instance, uniquely identifying your browser or internet device, links you have clicked and content you have viewed on our site. These cookies are also used to limit the number of times you see an ad as well as help us measure the effectiveness and performance of our ad campaigns, enable ad conversion tracking and ad billing. By accepting these cookies, you consent to use of cookies for these purposes, and allow us to disclose your data with our ad partners for the above purposes.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 13
https://www.myfunkyrewards.com/privacy-policy:
Profile
Email Preferences
Notifications
Contact Us
How It Works
FAQs
Privacy & Cookies Policy
By entering into the Membership Agreement with Funkypigeon.com Limited ("FP"), you will become a Member of the My Funky Rewards programme ("My Funky Rewards Programme"). As a Member of the My Funky Rewards Programme FP grants you the right to participate in the My Funky Rewards Programme, which includes the right to earn cash-backs, purchase vouchers at a discount and to earn or receive other benefits. Collectively, the grant of the right to participate in the My Funky Rewards Programme and the right to earn and receive cash backs and other benefits is referred to as the My Funky Rewards Membership Service ("My Funky Rewards Membership Service").
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before joining the My Funky Rewards Program or using this website.
Effective Date:
30 January 2019
Revision Date:
This Privacy & Cookies Policy was last modified on 4 December 2024.
A
Privacy Policy
1
Purpose of this Privacy Policy
To become a member of My Funky Rewards, you must sign up online and agree to the
Terms of Service
. You also must be at least 18 years old and a resident of the United Kingdom. FP recognises the importance of protecting the personal data such as your full name, telephone number and email and mailing address ("Personal Data") you provide to FP.
This Privacy Policy explains: (a) what sort of Personal Data FP collects; (b) how that Personal Data is used; (c) to whom FP may disclose your Personal Data; (d) how you can correct or change the Personal Data FP holds about you and (e) how you can change your preferences to opt-in or opt-out of receiving marketing communications.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and forms part of, the Membership
Terms of Service
, which govern your participation in the My Funky Rewards Program and your use of the My Funky Rewards Membership Service and this site https://www.funkypigeon.com/ ("
Website
").
If you have a concern about your data or a question about this Policy for our Data Protection Officer, please contact them by email at
customerservice@myfunkyrewards.com
.
FP is the data controller for this Website.
2
What Personal Data FP Collects and How it is Collected
FP collects and uses your Personal Data and data for the purposes of providing you with the My Funky Rewards Programme whilst ensuring you have a great and enjoyable experience.
It is up to you what Personal Data and data FP collect and you may decline to provide FP with it. However, if you choose not to provide FP with your Personal Data and data which is necessary to provide you with the My Funky Rewards Programme, you will not be able to use the My Funky Rewards Programme.
Membership
To become a Member of the My Funky Rewards Programme, you will either be asked: to (a) provide a basic profile about yourself by filling out an online registration form with your name, mailing address, email address and payment information (including credit and/or debit card number and expiration date); or (b) expressly authorise a marketing partner of FP to transfer certain contact and billing information to FP (including your mailing address and payment information (including credit and/or debit card number and expiration date). This is necessary to authenticate your identity, register you to receive the relevant services including the day to day servicing of your membership and process your payment for the My Funky Rewards Programme. Without it, FP will not be able to sign you up and/or provide you access to the use the My Funky Rewards Programme. The specific legal ground we are processing your personal data on is under performance of a contract with you. FP processes such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The marketing partners of FP may have different privacy practices and you are encouraged to read their privacy policies.
Your data is also necessary to detect and if necessary withhold you from re-enrolling in the My Funky Rewards Programme where your membership was terminated due to a breach of terms and conditions such as misuse of the My Funky Rewards Programme or fraudulent activity. This constitutes a legitimate business purpose of FP.
After joining the My Funky Rewards Programme, FP may request that you verify your Personal Data previously provided, provide additional contact information (your telephone number, for instance), indicate your communication preferences and create your permanent member identification and password for secure use of the Website. You may also be required to select a challenge question and provide the answer so that FP can assist you if you forget your member identification or password. Any data requested helps FP to provide you with your benefits, and to personalise and properly service your Membership.
Depending on the benefits that you elect to use, you may be asked for additional information to properly service your Membership. For those benefits that require you to submit a reimbursement claim, you will be required to complete a form requesting information needed to process the claim. Depending on the type of claim and the circumstances surrounding the claim, you may be required to provide additional documentation to support your claim.
If you are invited to take part in the In-Store Offers pilot, you will be asked to provide payment card information in order to track and monitor your purchases in-store. Without this, you will not be able to use In-Store Offers.
Feedback and Surveys
From time-to-time FP may provide you as a Member of the My Funky Rewards Programme the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys made available through the Website. If you participate, FP will request certain Personal Data from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is voluntary. This will be to improve the My Funky Rewards Programme and services for your continued enjoyment and to assist in the development of new services based on your feedback. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name, email and/or mailing address) and demographic information. FP may use this information to publish contest winners, to monitor Website traffic or personalise the My Funky Rewards Membership Service (in the case of anonymous information collected in surveys) and to send participating Members an email newsletter. FP may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; that company will be prohibited from using your Personal Data for any other purpose. FP will not share the Personal Data that you provide through a contest or survey with any other third parties unless you so consent or as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy. The use of such third party service providers for surveys and contests will be made aware to you before you choose to participate.
Refer a Friend
FP may offer a referral service so that FP can tell one of your friends about our My Funky Rewards Program by forwarding certain marketing communications and/or emails to an individual you believe may be interested in joining the My Funky Rewards Program.
Anonymised data and Aggregated data
Anonymisation is the process of converting personal data to anonymised data so that it does not identify you or any individual and will not allow you or any individual to be identified through its combination with other data.
FP collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated data may be derived from your personal data but it is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.
In addition to the way FP process your data explained above, FP will use anonymised data and aggregated data to improve the quality of FP’s existing products/services, develop new features, products/services and for overall research purposes.
An example would be where FP aggregate your data on how often you use the product/service to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. As this data is anonymised and does not identify you, FP may share this data with FP’s group companies as well as third parties and partners. However, if FP combine or connect aggregated data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, FP treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
Profiling
FP will use aggregated data, data from third party analytic providers such as Google Analytics (see section below), and the data FP collect about you through cookies including your online behaviour whilst using FP’s services and your personal data to form a view on what FP think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how FP decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you. You will receive marketing communications from us about similar products and services if you have requested information from FP or purchased goods or services from FP or if you provided us with your details when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing by clicking the unsubscribe link in the email or SMS. FP will also use this data to tailor your servicing communications.
3
How Personal Data is Used and Disclosed
FP may share your data if it is necessary to do so in order to provide you with your product/service, if FP has a legitimate business purpose for doing so, or if you have given FP your explicit consent to do this.
Please note that when you are redirected to a partner or third party website from our website, if you provide personal data to any of those partners or third parties, your data will be governed by their privacy statement/policy. You should read their privacy statement/policy before you submit any of your data to their websites.
Usage
FP only processes Personal Data for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy (including as set out in what personal identifiable information we collect and how it is collected section above and the Cookies and Logfiles section above) for the following purposes:
to identify you as a Member of the My Funky Rewards Programme and to link your My Funky Rewards account with your main funkypigeon.com account;
to provide the My Funky Rewards Membership Service and benefits that you request, and to communicate with you in that regard (including sending you emails related to the My Funky Rewards Membership Service and for billing purposes);
to ensure the proper functioning of the Website;
to meet research and product/service development needs and to improve the Website and the My Funky Rewards Membership Service; and
to personalise your experience, including targeting the Website and the My Funky Rewards Membership Service to you.
Marketing Data from Third Parties
FP may combine the information you submit under your account with other information made available to FP or third parties, including information FP receives from its marketing partners, and/or its benefits suppliers to better target the advertising and to improve the quality of the My Funky Rewards Membership Service.
User Communications
When you communicate with FP (by telephone, email or otherwise), FP may record and/or retain those communications to be able to process enquiries, respond to your requests and improve the My Funky Rewards Membership Service. FP will process your data for legitimate business purposes namely quality assurance and training purposes and to ensure FP have collected and recorded any consent you provide over the phone. FP will always inform you if such recording or monitoring is taking place.
Where FP needs your consent
FP will ask you for your express opt-in consent where we wish to send marketing communications to you, both about My Funky Rewards and Funkypigeon.com generally. We will ask you initially on your sign-up to the My Funky Rewards Programme and in relation to My Funky Rewards, you can update your preferences through the Website (see section 10 below for funkypigeon.com related preferences).
FP will ask you for your express opt-in consent before FP share your personal data with any company outside FP group companies for marketing purposes. FP will provide you with more information about the categories of these companies at the time of asking you for your express opt-in consent. This will typically be for products/services offered by other companies which may be of interest to you based on the product/service you have with us or may be for another purpose which will also be made clear to you at the time of obtaining your express opt-in consent.
If you provide your explicit opt-in consent to receive marketing communications, FP may provide you with further options where you can choose how to receive it, such as email, SMS, physical mail or telephone and the frequency of such marketing communications. If you have provided your explicit consent to receive marketing communications but later change your mind, you can edit your preferences on how you receive them, how often you receive them or even stop receiving them altogether by contacting FP or updating your preferences in your member profile page.
Disclosure
FP may disclose your Personal Data:
to FP's group companies, suppliers and service providers, to enable FP to provide the My Funky Rewards Membership Service to you, including FP's benefit suppliers, to third parties who process payments to or from you on behalf of FP, hosting companies, content providers and software and/or hardware vendors who may have access to FP's databases; and
Specifically in relation to payment processing for payments by you, Personal Data will be disclosed to:
our third party bill payment firm who will bill you for your membership fees, on behalf of FP; and
First Data Europe Limited, and their group companies (together “First Data”), who together are the payment processor used by our third party bill payment firm to process your payments made to FP. First Data a) act as a data controller over Personal Data collected from you to process payments, and b) will use your Personal Data in accordance with the privacy policy at 30 January 2019.
FP requires that its marketing partners and suppliers agree to process your Personal Data in accordance with instructions from FP, this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. These types of third parties are not permitted to use your information for any secondary purposes except where as noted elsewhere in this policy, Personal Data is used by third parties in accordance with their own privacy policy.
FP may also disclose your Personal Data to government, regulatory and law enforcement agencies to the extent disclosure is required or authorised by law and otherwise as FP believes is necessary or appropriate to satisfy any law, regulation or other governmental request, to operate the Website properly, or to protect or defend the rights of FP or the rights or well-being of FP's employees, users or others and/or if you are involved (or are suspected of being involved) in any illegal activity (even without a subpoena, warrant or court order).
If you provide explicit consent (either when joining the My Funky Rewards Programme or via the communication preferences pages available through your Member profile area on the Website), FP will also share your Personal Data with its group companies so that FP and/or its group companies may send you information about other products and services which are not similar to the product and service you already have and which FP considers to be of interest to you.
If you provide explicit consent (either when joining the My Funky Rewards Programme or via the communication preferences pages available through your Member profile area on the Website), FP may also share your Personal Data with third parties (who are not group companies) so that FP and/or those third parties may send you information about any products and services considered to be of interest to you. Note that third parties may have different privacy practices and FP encourages you to read their privacy policies.
FP may transfer your information to third parties as a result of or in connection with a sale, merger, consolidation, transfer of assets, reorganisation or liquidation, and FP shall notify you of any such activity if your Personal Data becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
FP may disclose certain information about you such as first name, first initial of last name and city/town of residence publicly as an example of representative savings and/or to identify you as a Member of the My Funky Rewards Programme.
As part of the Service, we may use the services of financial institutions or bank's subcontractors, subject to legal reporting requirements. In such circumstances these financial institutions or bank's subcontractors may carry out identity checks before any financial transaction is processed. Any information, which is processed by way of transfer to said financial institutions or bank's subcontractors, is intended for their use only and for this specified purpose only.
As a result, we may ask you to provide us with a copy of your proof of identity (ID/passport) as well as some additional information such as a bank statement, date and place of birth, address and phone number.
We inform you that your failure or refusal to provide the information requested will prevent us from providing the benefits of the membership and may result in the termination of your membership. There may also be some delay to us commencing delivering of your benefits to you as a result of these checks.
4
Links to Third Party Sites
The Website may contain links or references to third party websites and the privacy policies of these websites may differ from this Privacy Policy. Please be aware that FP has no control over such websites (other than those controlled by FP's group companies) and this Privacy Policy does not apply to such websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of such websites.
5
Download Application
In certain cases you may be presented with the opportunity to download software from FP or its licensors and suppliers that may improve the My Funky Rewards Membership Services and the My Funky Rewards Programme. In such cases, you will be presented with, and required to agree to separate terms and conditions specifically related to the download application ("Download Application") prior to downloading the software.
Although acceptance of the Download Application Privacy Policy is required to utilise a specific part of the My Funky Rewards Programme, the right to receive most benefits as included in the My Funky Rewards Membership can still be accessed by logging onto the Member's Only area of the Website.
At any time you can stop your use of this Download Application by uninstalling the Download Application from your computer. The only authorised means to uninstall the software is to use the Add/Remove programmes facility in the Microsoft Windows Control Panel. After the removal of the Download Application, you will no longer be able to use the features of this Download Application.
6
How FP Protects the Security of Personal Data
The security of your Personal Data is an important concern to FP. All customer databases are held in a secure environment and (except for law enforcement authorities in limited circumstances), only those FP employees or other persons who need access to your data in order to perform their duties are allowed such access. Any of these employees or persons who violate FP privacy and/or security policies may be subject to disciplinary action, including possible termination and civil and/or criminal prosecution. Where you are using FP websites, FP take proactive steps to put safeguards in place to provide for the secure transmission of your data from your computer to FP servers. However, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, FP cannot guarantee that communications between you and FP, and FP and you, will be free from unauthorised access by third parties, such as hackers. FP has implemented all necessary and reasonable technical and organisational measures to protect your data including:
data minimisation and encryption of personal data;
the ability to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of processing systems and services;
the ability to restore the availability and access to personal data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident; and
a process for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of technical and organisational measures for ensuring the security of the processing.
In addition, for any Personal Data you submit to FP through the Website, such Personal Data shall be transmitted to FP using Secure Socket Layer encryption. You agree not to hold FP responsible for any breach of security except as set out in the Membership Terms of Service. In addition, unencrypted e-mail is not a "secure" means of communicating with FP, since email may be intercepted by a third party in the course of its delivery.
You are responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your Membership password, and you shall be responsible for any access to or use of the Website or the My Funky Rewards Membership Service by you or any person or entity using a password provided to you, whether or not such access or use has been authorised by or on behalf of you, and whether or not such person or entity is your employee, relative or agent. You agree to (a) immediately notify FP of any unauthorised use of your password, membership number, or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. It is your sole responsibility to control the dissemination and use of your password, control access to and use of your account and membership number, and notify FP when you desire to cancel your Membership.
7
Transfer of Personal Data outside the EEA
As part of the services offered to you, for example through our website, the Personal Data you provide to FP will be transferred to and processed in countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) in particular:
- to the US for the purposes of providing you services, and payment processing;
- Switzerland for the purposes of providing you services;
- Philippines for the purpose of providing customer service; and
- Ireland for hosting.
Whenever FP transfer or store your personal data outside of EEA, FP will take steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected, as outlined in this privacy policy and in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation, using one or more of the mechanisms outlined below:
- FP may process or transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission (to see the list, please visit:
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/international-transfers/adequacy/index_en.htm
).
- When providers or affiliates based in other countries that have not been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission process your data, FP may rely on other approved grounds to transfer your Personal Data, including incorporating the EU Commission’s standard contractual clauses into relevant contracts, and through relying on provider’s adoption of binding corporate rules.
You can contact FP's Data Protection Officer if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
8
Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of children is very important to FP. Membership of the My Funky Rewards Programme is not open to anyone under 18 years of age.
9
How to Update Your Information
FP takes reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Data it collects and processes is accurate, complete and current, but FP depends on its Members to correct or keep up to date their Personal Data. When returning to your Member Profile Maintenance section, you can review and update your Personal Data. You may also change your password, but you will need to confirm your identity first. Any change to your "Member Profile" on the Website will be recapped in an email that is automatically sent out by FP to the email address on file in your Member Profile.
Please be aware that if you want to update your preferences in relation to marketing communication relating to Funkypigeon.com generally (and not just My Funky Rewards), you will need to visit the member section on
https://www.funkypigeon.com
or contact
customerservice@funkypigeon.com
as you will not be able to update these preferences on the Website.
10
Your rights
Rectification
You can update and amend your data held by FP if inaccurate or incomplete by emailing FP at
customerservice@myfunkyrewards.com
, writing to My Funky Rewards, PO Box 5305, Lancing, BN11 9WD, calling us (please visit the Contact Us section on our website to always ensure you have our up to date number) or visiting your profile page if you have an online account.
Access, restriction of processing, portability and erasure
If you would like to see the data FP process on you, restrict the processing of your data, exercise your right to data portability or have it deleted you can contact FP’s Data Protection Officer who will investigate the matter and take you through the necessary steps to provide you with the data you requested or to delete it. If you would like it deleted, in particular any data which is necessary for FP to process to provide you with the product/service, you will no longer be able to use the product/service. If applicable, FP’s Data Protection Officer will explain any circumstances where FP is not be able to erase your data such as the exercise or defence of a legal claim and situations where you can restrict the processing of your data. FP’s Data Protection Officer will respond to your query within 30 days of receiving your request.
Object
You can make choices about how your Personal Data may be shared by FP with third parties for marketing purposes and/or how your Personal Data may be used by FP for purposes not related to your Membership. FP enables Members to opt in to email marketing and to opt in to marketing from third parties by modifying their online profile. A link to this profile will be available in marketing emails. If you have provided FP with your explicit consent to receive marketing communications via email, you will normally find an unsubscribe link at the bottom of the marketing emails you receive or you can also unsubscribe to email marketing by sending an email to
customerservice@myfunkyrewards.com
with "opt out" in the subject line. If you elect to opt out, such election (a) will not apply to communications that are directly related to your Membership, the My Funky Rewards Membership Service and the benefits and/or the fulfilment of a specific transaction you have requested (for example, a claim submitted for a specific benefit and/or emails describing the benefits of the My Funky Rewards Membership Service or special Member offers; (b) shall not preclude FP, including its employees, contractors, agents and other representatives, from accessing and viewing your Personal Data to provide benefits, to provide support and for any other purpose relating to your Membership of the My Funky Rewards Programme and (c) shall not preclude FP from disclosing your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy for purposes other than sending you promotional and marketing materials not related to your Membership.
11
Retention
FP retain your data for as long as you continue to use the product/service for the purposes explained in Section 2 and 3 above. When you cease your membership of the product/service, we will retain your data for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes and defend claims, as well as, for any additional purpose based on the choices you have made such as to receive marketing communications that you provided your consent to. In particular, we will retain call recordings, the data you supplied when joining the product, including complaints, claims and any other data you supplied during the duration of your contract with us for your product/service for a period of 10 years from termination or expiry of your service in line with industry standards and applicable legal requirements.
12
Compliance Issues and Liability
FP has appointed a Data Protection Officer responsible for privacy matters. If you believe your Personal Data has been used in a way that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy or your specified preferences, or if you have further questions related to this policy, please contact the Data Protection Officer by email at
customerservice@funkypigeon.com
. If you are not happy with the response you received or believe your data has not been used in accordance with this policy and therefore not processed in line with applicable laws, you may lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK Supervisory authority. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
FP shall assume responsibility for the Data that You submit if FP fails to honour its duty to provide reasonable protection of your personal information. It should be borne in mind, however, that you cannot hold FP accountable for a security violation unless if FP is at fault, in which case FP's liability shall be subject to the limits as set out in the Membership Terms of Service.
13
Changes to this Privacy Policy
FP reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently on the Website. If FP makes any changes, you will either be notified by email or FP will post a notice on the Website's homepage. FP will also summarise any material changes to the Privacy Policy on the Website. FP encourages you to read any revised Privacy Policy. If FP is going to use your personal information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, you will be notified via email, and you will have a choice as to whether or not FP uses your personal information in this different manner.
14
Acceptance of this Privacy Policy
By using the Website and/or using the My Funky Rewards Membership Service, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
This is the FP privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") which discloses the privacy practices for the My Funky Rewards Programme and the My Funky Rewards Membership Service and the myfunkyrewards.com Website") (which may be amended from time to time in accordance with the Changes to this Privacy Policy section below). The My Funky Rewards Membership Service and Website are owned and operated by FP. FP is a limited company registered in England & Wales, with registered number 06208854, and its registered office is at Greenbridge Road, Swindon, Wiltshire, SN3 3RX.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact FP at
customerservice@funkypigeon.com
or write to FP at 2nd Floor, County Gates, Ashton Road, Bristol, BS3 2JH.
B
Cookies
This Cookies Policy contains all the information about cookies and similar technologies that FP uses and it will be applicable to the following domains:
1) Offer.myfunkyrewards.com domain or Program registration page and Program registration confirmation page.
2) Product page:
myfunkyrewards.com
3) Program Blog:
blog.myfunkyrewards.com
4) Billing descriptor:
www.funkypigeonrewards.com
What are cookies and similar technologies?
Cookies (and similar technologies) are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating site during your browsing session or on each subsequent visit, or to another site that recognises that cookie.
Why do we use them?
We use these technologies in order to collect information (personal and anonymous); provide the service; improve the service (by gathering statistical information on traffic, our audience and use of the programme); show content and adapted advertising to users and customers; distinguish you from other user of the website; and allow you to share our content on social networks.
The use of cookies allows FP to provide you with your cashback rewards.
We use both first party cookies (FP cookies) and third party cookies, which are cookies provided by other people’s websites. For example, a third party content provider might provide a cookie when you access content hosted on their site. We do not have access to those third party cookies and their providers will have their own cookie and privacy policies which we encourage you to read.
More details on how businesses use cookies is available here:
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
In the following sections, FP will explain to you which cookies (and other similar technologies) are used on the website (and for what purpose).
You can give consent to cookies, or withdraw any consent you have previously given, through our cookie tool or your browser settings - for more detail, please see “How to modify or uninstall cookies or similar technologies” below. Please note that, in order to refuse cookies that are set by third parties, you must use your browser settings or visit the third party site and follow the instructions in their cookie notice.
What Cookies do FP use?
FP uses the following types of cookies (and similar technologies):
Strictly necessary.
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preference, logging in or filling in forms. You can disable these by changing your browser settings but this may affect how the website functions.
Performance.
These first party cookies collect information about how visitors use the website, for example, the number of visitors, which email or web page visitors clicked through from in order to visit the website, which pages are the most and least popular and how visitors move around the site. All information collected by these cookies is aggregated and therefore anonymous. These cookies help us measure and improve the performance of the website. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not be able to monitor the website performance.
Personalisation & Analytics.
These cookies enable the website to provide personalization and enhanced functionality based on your browsing history. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services have been added to our website. If you do not authorize these cookies, we will not be able to provide you a personalized experience.
Marketing.
These cookies may be set through our site by us or by third-party advertising partners. They may be used to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.
Social Media.
These cookies are used so that visitors can interact with the content of different social media platforms (Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.) and are generated only for the users of these social media platforms. Please refer to the relevant social media platform’s privacy policies for information about their cookies.
A. COOKIES
You can access the details of cookies used on the following domains in the Consent Management Platform (CMP) the first time you access the website, or in the “Cookie Preferences” section in the footer of the website which can be accessed at any time:
1) One-time-offer.com domain or Program registration page and Program registration confirmation page.
2) Product page
myfunkyrewards.com
3) Program Blog:
blog.myfunkyrewards.com
4) Billing descriptor:
www.funkypigeonrewards.com
B. SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
In addition to cookies, we use other technologies, which due to their characteristics and ability to collect data, must be included in this policy.
i.                Milestones and Event Tracking
This type of technology  collects information on the time that users spend on our web pages, complementing the information that cookies and other similar technologies collect. The most common events tracked by these technologies are:
Compliance interactions: How many people choose not to use marketing cookies?
Page interactions: Do users click on tabbed content? Or in box x?
Document downloads: How many people download documents in a certain format?
E-Commerce interactions: Do people add products to their cart and never complete their purchase?
Form events: Is there a problem with the forms? Do people start filling them out but never send them?
Lead generation: On which pages do people fill out the newsletter sign-up form?
Off-page links: How many people actually click on the email links, site email address and phone number?
On-screen interactions: Do people scroll enough to see the footer of the website?
Interactions with social media buttons: How many people find your social media profiles on the site?
Are they sharing the content of those buttons in blog posts?
ii.               Clear gifs
Clear gifs (or Web Beacons/Web Bugs) are tiny graphics with a single identifier that track a user’s journey on the website. Unlike cookies, they are not stored on the user's computer hard drive, but are incorporated invisibly on web pages. We use clear gifs  to manage website advertising as they tell us which content is the most used by our users.
iii.              Log files
A "log file" is a file on the server that stores information about the origin of website traffic, the way users navigate through the site and what visitors to our pages are looking for. Among the information that we can collect with them are:
in fixed terminals or laptops and similar: the IP address, the URL of the page prior to registration in the programme, the browser and the version used, the date and time of the display of the advertisements of our programme on third party pages; and
on mobile and similar terminals: the name of the device used, the size of the screen used (pixels), the orientation of the device (vertical/horizontal), the language of the device, the identification number of the device and the version of the operating system used.
In all cases, the information will be used  to provide you with the appropriate service for the device you use and all data will be stored for security reasons in an encrypted manner for a maximum of 30 days.
iv.             Web scripts & tags
FP uses these technologies in order to obtain certain pseudo-anonymized personal data that allows us to identify whether you are a registered member of the Webloyalty Programme, in order to provide you with relevant messages and offers through our advertisements as well as to remind you where you can use the benefits of your subscription. This technology is used both on our websites and on the pages of our business partners (partners with whom we have commercial agreements to promote our programme). Business partners will use these technologies to collect a unique identifier on  their website which FP can use to recognise its members. If you are not a member of the Webloyalty Programme, the data collected through the web scripts will remain anonymous and will be stored for a maximum of 12 months (for more details, you can consult the privacy policy of our  business partners). Refusing the use of this technology will not stop advertisements, but  the advertisements you see will not be adapted/personalised.
v.              Exponea Events
As a member of the Webloyalty Programme or as a subscriber to our newsletter, we will send you emails, in which we have included certain tracking technologies that, among other information, such as your name and customer number, may collect your IP address.
The main objective of these is to provide you with the service correctly (which is necessary), however we can also use them for purely statistical purposes (all of which is anonymous) that allows us to improve our advertising campaigns, as well as solve any type of incident.
vi.             Automatic data for browsing the website
When you browse the Internet, you leave a track of electronic information on each of the websites you have visited, it is the so-called “fingerprint”, which can be tracked and stored by the servers of our websites. The navigation course data indicates the type of terminal and the navigation software that was used or the Internet address of the website from which you logged into our website.
We will use this data in aggregate and anonymously to compile statistical data on the time that users spend on our website or to understand how they navigate through the website which will help us improve the programme and the user experience.
vii.            Customer experience analytics services
In order to analyse the behaviour of the visitors on the website, FP uses some customer experience analytic services. Through this technology, FP does not collect or transfer any personal identifiable information, and uses these analytic services only to record, on a completely anonymous basis, information such as mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as non-personally identifiable information which you type whilst on the website.
For example, FP uses the ClickTale customer experience analytics service. ClickTale does not create a user profile for the purpose of tracking a user across unrelated web sites and will only use such information pursuant to its privacy policy (located at
http://www.clicktale.com/privacy_service.aspx
). You can choose to disable the ClickTale service at
http://www.clicktale.net/disable.html
.
C. HOW TO MODIFY OR UNINSTALL COOKIES OR SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
You may refuse to accept, or withdraw your previous consent to the cookies installed on your computer or device in two ways:
1.              you can do so through the Cookies Preferences link (which can be found in the footer of all our web pages, under the heading "Cookies Preferences”). Essential cookies cannot be disabled through the Cookies Preferences link because they are necessary to make the website function. You may change your mind about the cookies you have selected through our Cookies Preference link at any time. Please be aware that the Cookies Preferences link cannot be used to block cookies on third party websites linked to from our website. In order to remove these cookies you will need to visit the relevant third party site and follow the instructions in their cookie notices. Alternatively, follow the instructions below to turn off these cookies using your browser settings.
2.              Your browser settings may allow you to refuse the setting of certain cookies. The “Help” or “Internet Settings” functions within your browser should tell you how. For information on how to manage cookies on popular browsers please see the following links:
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Opera
Apple Safari
With regard to third-party cookies and similar technologies, we want to make sure that you understand that once you have allowed their use and installation on your computer, if you later decide to block them, this means that FP will no longer receive data that could be collected by these cookies.
This does not mean that these cookies are permanently uninstalled from your terminal, for this it will be necessary that you go to the browser settings that you used to access the Programme and follow the instructions to that effect.
Finally, if you do not want any tracking technology to be installed on your terminal, you can use the "do not track" tools, which will allow you to enable a "do not track" function or even send you notices when certain types of cookies that you have predefined as "unwanted" are identified; These tools work in a similar way to so-called "incognito browsing". However, we remind you that part of the provision of this service requires that your purchases be tracked in order to offer you confirmation of purchases and associated refunds. In the event that you browse incognito or use any of these tools, we may not be able to track your purchases and we may not be able to provide the service correctly.
Remember, you can always contact us, both at the contact address and via email to our data protection officer at
dpo@completesavings.co.uk
to receive additional information and to expressly request the deletion of any personal data that is collected through the use of these technologies.
Please remember that uninstalling or modifying the cookies that have been classified as technical or necessary (and some performance cookies) may mean that we are not able to ensure the correct provision of the service (for example, monitoring of your purchases to obtain refunds) or maintain the full functionality of the website adjusted to the preferences.
D. CHANGES TO THE COOKIES POLICY
FP reserves the right to modify the Cookies Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on the website. All amended terms will automatically take effect immediately on posting, so please review it periodically on the website to inform yourself of any changes. If you do not accept the changes made, you should immediately stop using the website or amend your cookie settings accordingly.
Due to the constant updates made to these technologies, FP has the firm commitment to carry out a complete review of the technologies at least once a year to ensure that we always have the most up-to-date information.
It is possible that during these annual reviews, some of the technologies identified above may be modified or some new ones may be added. In any case, we assure you that these technologies will not have a different purpose than those they replace and new technologies will never be added that do not fit into any of the categories mentioned above.
CUSTOMER SERVICE
customerservice@myfunkyrewards.com
0800 085 9384
Calls are free from UK landlines and mobiles
8 AM - 8 PM Monday-Friday
9 AM - 4 PM Saturday
Excluding bank holidays
×
Next
×
Next