Terms of Use
Privacy Notice
Cookies
Privacy Policy
This column is a quick guide to Spiir's Privacy Policy. The guide is not part of the policy itself.
Last updated June 2021
Spiir has two services: The Spiir App and Spiir Web.
Spiir processes your information to deliver a good app and web service to you. The information is processed in accordance with the current regulations.
1. In General
1.1 In this Privacy Policy, "Spiir", "we", "us", and "our" refers to Spiir A/S, with registered address at Mejlgade 48b, 2. th., DK-8000 Aarhus C, Denmark. When using Spiir's website (hereinafter "the Web") or Spiir's app (hereinafter "the App") (collectively "Services"), your personal data is processed in accordance with this policy.
1.2 Data processed by Spiir’s Services will be processed in accordance with applicable legislation and the valid guidelines issued by the Danish Data Protection Agency.
Spiir is the data controller regarding the personal data, you allow us to use, or which we collect and store, when you are using Spiir Services. This means that Spiir is responsible for abiding by the rules of the privacy legislation, when we process your personal data
2. Data Controller
2.1 Spiir is the data controller of personal data used in connection with the following activities and services on the Services:
User Profile
Spending Overview
Spending Targets
Receipt Service
Account Overview
Budget Service
Assistant Service
Spiir Treats
Quiz Service
Benchmarking and statistics
Internal app payments
3. What processing is performed?
When you create a profile in the app or on web, you must enter your email and a password as a minimum.
Spiir needs your information to identify you and to provide its services and customer service to you.
Spiir also uses your information to contact you regarding new features in our products and to get your feedback on our Services, and in some instances, we may use your answers to questionnaires for marketing.
3.1 User Profile
3.1.1 Data
When creating a profile at Spiir, you must enter your email and password.
In addition, Spiir collects, depending on the services you use, offered by Spiir or by third parties, Spiir processes other information you provide to Spiir. This can be, for example, your civil personal registration number, address, your phone number, number of people in your household, age and gender, as well as other data. Spiir collects this information only if you provide it to Spiir, which is voluntary, but for some functions some of this information is required.
If you use Spiirs App, technical id of your mobile device is also registered.
If you answer questionnaires within Spiir Services, your answers will in some instances be associated with your user profile.
3.1.2 Purpose
Spiir collects your personal data to register and identify you as a user and to provide Spiir’s Services to you. Spiir will also collect the personal data to be able to contact you if it is necessary to confirm your information, answer your questions, and provide customer service to you. The collected information can further be used by Spiir in order to request your experience with using the Services. If you have consented to this Spiir will also use your information to send out information on new features in Spiir Services and other marketing material.
Your answer to questionnaires from Spiir will be used for improving the Spiir Services, or for the marketing of such improvements, as well as for Spiir Treats (see section 3.4.)
Spiir also collects your personal data in order to comply with applicable legislation, comply with governmental requirements, comply with Spiir's internal policies, and to enforce Spiir's Terms of Use.
Finally, Spiir collects your personal data in order to pursue available legal remedies and limit liability in case of any disputes.
3.1.3 Legal basis
Spiir’s legal basis to process said personal data is, that the processing of the data is required for Spiir to provide its Services to you (GDPR art. 6, sect. 1, lit. b).
Some information is processed by Spiir due to Spiir having a legitimate interest in such processing. Among others Spiir has a legitimate interest in contacting you to get your feedback on the Spiir Services, and also Spiir has a legitimate interest in sending you marketing materials, if you have consented to this.
3.1.4 If you do not wish to be contacted directly
If you do not wish for Spiir to use your information to contact you directly in order to obtain your feedback on the Spiir Services, you may either click “unsubscribe” in such email, or change the settings in Spiir App. You may also always withdraw your consent to receive marketing materials within Spiir Services, or by clicking “unsubscribe in such emails.
Spiir collects data from your bank to provide our various services to you.
You must consent to Spiir’s processing of your username and the PIN to your online bank for Spiir to provide its services to you.
If you do not consent, certain features in Spiir’s services will be inaccessible to you.
3.2 Account information via financial institution
3.2.1 Data
When you add a bank account to Spiir using the "Add Accounts" feature, you must enter your username to your online bank and your service code or online bank PIN. In some cases, depending on your financial institution, this may be other information – however, it is always the same information your bank requires for you to log in.
Only information about account name, balances and transactions is retrieved.
3.2.2 Purpose
Spiir asks for your username and code to retrieve information about your accounts, balances and transactions with your bank so that Spiir can provide an overview of your spending and deliver Spiir’s other services to you.
Entering your username for your online bank is thus a prerequisite for making automated use of Spiir's Account Overview, Budget Service, Assistant Service, Quiz Service, Internal app payments, and Spiir Treats.
Spiir collects your data for the following purposes:
Account Overview: Spiir's Account Overview gives you a complete overview of your spending and transactions.
Budget Service: Spiir's Budget Service gives you access to set up spending targets and gives you an overview of your spending relative to your budget (Web only).
Assistant Service: Spiir's Assistant Service monitors your spending and transactions on your behalf so that you are updated at all times and have an overview of the movements in your accounts. You will be able to enable notifications, which will notify you when changes occur in your spending.
Quiz Service: Spiir’s Quiz Service lets you test your knowledge of your own spending.
Spending Service: Spiir’s Spending Service lets you categorize your various spending items.
Internal app payments: Based on the accounts you have added to Spiir, upon your request, Spiir will initiate payments to your own accounts within the app.
Spiir Treats: Based on your information about your spending Spiir Treats in some instances provides you with information on special offers targeted you. This requires your specific consent.
Benchmarking: Using your spending data Spiir calculates statistics and performs benchmarking. Spiir ensures your personal data’s anonymity, so that statistical data does not contain personal information and thus cannot be traced back to you. The statistics make it possible for you as Spiir user to compare your own spending to a particular group in society.
3.2.3 Legal basis
You can consent to Spiir using your username or other log in information for your online bank so that Spiir can retrieve data about your accounts, balances, and transactions. (GDPR art. 6, sect. 1, lit a.)
By your consent, you confirm that Spiir may use your account data as described in section 3.2.2.
3.2.4 If you do not consent
If you do not consent to Spiir using your account information to access your account information, you will not be able to use certain features in Spiir’s Services, including account Overview, Quiz Service, Assistant Service, Budget Service, Spiir Treats, etc. However, you may be able to manually upload your data, see below.
On the Web service your transaction information may be uploaded manually.
By supplying your transaction information, you can use Spiir's various services on both App and Web – subject to certain restrictions.
3.3 Account Information - Manual Upload - Only Web
3.3.1 Data
You can manually upload your transaction data to Spiir via the Web.
3.3.2 Purpose
Once you have manually uploaded your transaction data, you have the option to use Spiir's various services. For manual upload, there may be restrictions to the services:
Account Overview: Spiir's Account Overview provides you with an overview of your spending and transactions.
Budget Service: Spiir's Budget Service lets you set spending targets and gives you an overview of your spending relative to your budget (Web only).
Assistant Service: Spiir’s Assistant Service monitors your spending and transactions on your behalf so that you are updated at all times and have an overview of the movements in your accounts. You will be able to enable notifications, which will notify you when changes occur in your spending.
Quiz Service: Spiir’s Quiz Service lets you test your knowledge of your own spending.
Spending Service: Spiir’s Spending Service lets you categorize your various spending items.
Internal app payments: Based on the accounts you have added to Spiir, upon your request, Spiir will initiate payments to your own accounts within the app.
Spiir Treats: Based on your information about your spending Spiir Treats in some instances provides you with information on special offers targeted you. This requires your specific consent.
Benchmarking: Using your spending data Spiir calculates statistics and performs benchmarking. Spiir ensures your personal data’s anonymity, so that statistical data does not contain personal information and thus cannot be traced back to you. The statistics make it possible for you as Spiir user to compare your own spending to a particular group in society.
3.3.3 Legal basis
When you manually upload your account information, you also consent to Spiir using your account information in accordance with section 3.3.2. (GDPR art. 6., sect. 1, lit. a)
3.3.4 If you do not consent
When manually uploading your account information, if you do not consent to Spiir using said data, you will not be able to use certain features of Spiir’s Services, including Account Overview, Quiz Service, Assistant Service, Budget Service, Spiir Treats, etc.
With your consent, Spiir can send you great offers based on your profile and/or overall spending information.
Spiir processes some of your information on an overall level to provide you with great offers.
The purpose of processing your data is to be able to target relevant offers to you.
3.4 Spiir Treats and partners
3.4.1 General offers and services
3.4.1.1 In general
When using Spiir Services, you have the possibility of using select offers from Spiir’s cooperation partners. These offers are generally available to all Spiir users, though certain offers are only available in specific countries.
In addition, depending on the services you use, offered by Spiir or by our partners, Spiir may process other personal information. This can be, for example, your address, your vehicle license plate, as well as other data. Spiir collects this information only if you provide it to Spiir, which is voluntary, but for some functions some of this information is required.
3.4.1.2 Data
If you make use of a general offer and/or services from one of our cooperation partners via Spiir we confirm to such partner that you are a user of Spiir, by forwarding a unique pseudonym, which is only related to the cooperation partner.
3.4.1.3 Purpose and legal basis
The purpose of forwarding a pseudonym to our cooperation partner, is to ensure, that you are a user of Spiir and therefore is qualified for the offer (GDPR art. 6, sect. 1, lit. b), and to ensure correct settlement of accounts between Spiir and the cooperation partner. (GDPR art. 6, sect. 1, lit. f).
3.4.2 Targeted offers
3.4.2.1 In General
With your consent Spiir may on Web, in App, through email or push messages provide you with relevant and targeted offers, based on your spending information, and possibly your location.
Spiir never grants access to your information to the offers, besides forwarding of a unique pseudonym to confirm, that you are a user of Spiir. If Spiir wish to forward further information to the offerors, you will be asked for specific consent regarding this.
3.4.2.2 Data
If you consent in Spiir using your information for Spiir Treats, Spiir process the following data:
Email address or technical id on your mobile device.
Profile information (personal information)
Spending information
Geolocation information
Unique ID
3.4.2.3 Purpose and legal basis
The purpose of processing your profile information and your spending information is to target offers to you (GDPR art. 6, sect. 1, lit. a). Using your geolocation information is for targeting offers to you requires your specific consent (GDPR art. 6, sect. 1, lit. a). Information on your email address or technical id of your mobile device is processed in order to send the targeted offers to you (GDPR art. 6, sect. 1, lit. a.)
The purpose of forwarding a unique ID (pseudonym) to our cooperation partner, is to ensure, that you are a user of Spiir and therefore is qualified for the offer (GDPR art. 6, sect. 1, lit. b), and to ensure correct settlement of accounts between Spiir and the cooperation partner. (GDPR art. 6, sect. 1, lit. f).
3.4.2.4 If you do not consent
If you do not consent in Spiir processing information on your spending, you cannot make use of Spiirs targeted offers. Neither will you be able to use the targeted offers if you do not consent in Spiir sending such offers to either your email address or as push messages on your mobile device.
If you do not consent in Spiir processing your geolocation information for targeting offers to you, you will not be able to receive offers based on your location, but instead general offers based on your user profile information and your spending information.
If you do not want to provide relevant consents, and hence cannot use Spiirs targeted offers, you may instead use the offers by finding them yourself in Spiir App.
You can use Spiir's Voucher Service to save receipts and documents and associate them with transactions.
Spiir processes your receipts and documents and information provided on these.
The processing is performed for you to be able to find them again.
3.5 Voucher Service
3.5.1 In general
You can upload electronic copies of your receipts via the Web and the App.
Spiir stores these so you can always retrieve receipts and, to the extent possible, Spiir will make your receipts searchable.
You can attach receipts to certain transactions to improve your overview.
3.5.2 Data
In the Receipt Service, the electronic copies of your receipts are processed.
When the receipt is made searchable, the data on the receipt is processed.
3.5.3 Purpose
The purpose of the processing is to enable you to retrieve your receipts and associate them with payment transactions.
3.5.4 Legal basis
The processing is required for Spiir to provide its Receipt Service. (GDPR art. 6, sect. 1, lit. b.)
Spiir registers several technical data when you use Spiir’s Services and other services.
The purpose of the collection is to optimize Spiir’s Services and track any potential abuse.
3.6 Technical Information
3.6.1 In general
Spiir registers several technical data when you use Spiir’s Services.
3.6.2 Data
Spiir registers your IP address, operating system, and device information when using Spiir’s Services, and browser information and settings when using the Web. Further Spiir registers how you use Spiir’s Services.
3.6.3 Purpose
Spiir collects the technical data for the purpose of making technical improvements and optimization of its Services and services, and in order to use this information for marketing.
In addition, IP address, device information, and browser information is collected by Spiir to track any illegal activities and track abuse of its Services.
3.6.4 Legal basis
Spiir has a legitimate interest in obtaining your technical information in order to improve and optimize its Services and to prevent and pursue abuse of its Services. (GDPR art. 6, sect. 1, lit. f.)
Also, Spiirs use of information on the use of its Services for marketing purposes is a legitimate interest (GDPR art. 6., sect. 1, lit. f.)
Spiir uses cookies and other technical measures in our services.
Cookies, etc. are used for various purposes. Some are required, others help remember your preferences, and others are used for analytical purposes. Some are used for marketing purposes.
You can always delete or block cookies, but the use of Spiir’s services may be restricted by doing so.
3.7 Cookies etc.
3.7.1 In general
By using Spiir’s Services, you agree that Spiir uses cookies , so-called widgets on the Web, and so-called tracking identifiers on the App for various purposes.
You can read more about Spiir’s use of
cookies, widgets, and tracking identifiers here
.
3.7.2 Purpose
The cookies, etc., which Spiir uses on its Services have various purposes.
On the Web:
Required cookies. These are cookies that are necessary for you to use the Web, for example, to remember that you are logged in to the Web.
Preference cookies. These are cookies that remember your settings, for example, your login may be remembered if you have requested this.
Analytical cookies. These are cookies that are used to measure and analyse how the Web is used.
Widgets. On the Web, so-called widgets from Facebook and Twitter are used, so Spiir can display the latest Spiir activities from Facebook and/or Twitter. If you are logged into Facebook or Twitter, the overview is personal.
In the App:
Required tracking identifiers. These are used to distinguish between different mobile devices and to send push messages.
Analytical tracking identifiers. These are used to analyse how the App is used and to optimize the App.
Marketing tracking identifiers. These are used to measure and enhance the effect of Spiir's marketing for Spiir’s Services.
3.7.3 Withdrawal of consent/deletion of cookies
You may at any time withdraw your consent for Spiir to use cookies on the Web. In your browser, you can delete and block the use of cookies. How you do this depends on which browser you are using. If you use more than one internet browser, you must delete and block the use of cookies in all of them. You can find instructions on how to do this at
youronlinechoices.eu
.
3.7.4 If you do not accept cookies, etc.
If you do not accept that cookies are used on Spiir’s Web, you can either choose to stop using Spiir or delete cookies and block the use of cookies. Blocking cookies may lead to some functionality not being accessible on the Web.
In the App, it is not possible to delete or deselect the use of tracking identifiers. Therefore, if you do not accept the use of tracking identifiers, please do not use the App and uninstall it.
If Spiir is to provide support for you, Spiir may process personal data so we can help you.
Spiirs support can only access your transactions if you give explicit consent to it. The consent can always be recalled and expires after 7 days.
3.8 Support
3.8.1 In general
Based on your inquiry, Spiir provides support in connection with your use of Spiir’s Services.
When providing support, Spiir may access limited personal data that is registered about you. However, only data that is required will be accessed. Spiir will only access your transaction data with your prior consent.
3.8.2 Data
When you contact Spiir support, Spiir's employees can access limited data about you as a user:
Your email address
Names of the banks and accounts you have added to Spiir
Information about which features in Spiir you use and to what extent
Logs of events, such as when you have logged on or if errors have occurred during the use of Spiirs Services, etc.
Spiir’s employees cannot access your detailed information such as your accounts’ balances, your transaction information, and your receipt, unless you give your explicit consent.
3.8.3 Purpose
The purpose of Spiir's access to your information is to provide support and resolve any challenges you may have encountered using Spiir’s Services.
3.8.4 Legal basis
Spiir accesses your information in connection with support to meet your need for assistance. (GDPR, art. 6, sect. 1, lit. a.)
Spiir will only access your detailed data in connection with support, if you on Spiir’s request or your own accord explicitly consent hereto. (GDPR art. 6, sect. 1, lit. a.)
3.8.5 Withdrawal of consent
You may withdraw your consent at any time for Spiir to access your detailed data. After this, Spiir's support cannot access such data for support purposes. Your consent will automatically expire after 7 days.
3.8.6 If you do not consent
If you do not consent to Spiir accessing your detailed data when providing support, there may be issues that Spiir cannot provide support for.
Spiir only transfers your personal data with your consent, or where it is statutory, or to process legal claims.
You can allow others, such as your spouse or partner, to see your information in Spiir. You can always change this again.
4. Recipients/data disclosure
4.1 The personal data held by Spiir will not be disclosed to third parties without your consent, unless Spiir under applicable legislation is required to disclose the data, or if disclosure is required for Spiir to protect itself or to enforce legal claims, or as specified in these terms.
4.2 You can give other Spiir users access to view your information in Spiir. This may for example be a spouse or partner. If you choose to do this, you simultaneously agree that Spiir, in order to comply with this agreement with you, may  disclose your information to the person concerned. You can always change this on the Web and in the App.
4.3 If you use an offer through Spiir Treats and/or a service by our partners, a unique ID (pseudonym) is forwarded to the offeror.
Spiir stores your personal information as long as you are a user of Spiir. However, if it is statutory or needed to handle legal claims, personal data is stored for a longer period.
Spiir can anonymize your information instead of deleting it.
5. Storage Period
5.1 Spiir stores your personal data until you delete your Spiir user. However, Spiir may store data for a longer period, if required to comply with legal requirements or to protect Spiir's legal interests.
5.2 In some cases, instead of deleting your personal data, Spiir will anonymize these so that the data can no longer be attributed to you.
You have several rights when Spiir processes your personal data.
You are entitled to insight into how Spiir's processes your personal data.
You have the right to have incorrect information corrected.
You are entitled to delete your information in some cases, and you can always delete your profile.
You have the right to so-called data portability.
You can always object to Spiir's processing of your personal data.
You always have the right to object with Spiir's use of your personal data for direct marketing.
6. Privacy Rights
6.1 At any time, you have the right to know what personal data Spiir processes about you, the purpose of the processing, where Spiir has obtained your personal data, and the identity of any recipient of your personal information.
6.2 At any time, you have the right to rectify incorrect or misleading personal data that Spiir is processing about you. You can correct personal information, such as your name, email address, etc. via your personal profile. Spiir would like to hear from you if we can help you correct your information.
6.3 In certain cases, you may require that the data Spiir processes about you is deleted. At any time, if you do not want to use Spiir’s Services anymore, you can delete your personal profile via the Web or via the App. All the data registered with your profile will then be deleted or anonymized and will not be recoverable.
6.4 At any time, you are entitled to receive the personal data you have provided to Spiir in a commonly used and machine-readable format. You can always retrieve your personal data via the Web.
6.5 You may at any time object to Spiir's processing of your personal data due to your particular circumstances.
6.6 At any time, you may object to Spiir's use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes. Spiir will then discontinue such use.
Spiir may transfer your data to certain data processors in countries outside the EU.
7. Transfer of personal data outside the EU
7.1 Spiir uses certain data processors located outside the EU. Below are the entities and legal bases for the transfer.
Slack Technologies, Inc.
Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC)
The Rocket Science Group LLC.
Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC)
SendGrid, Inc.
Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC)
Google, Inc.
Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC)
Branch Metrics, Inc.
Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC)
Help Scout, Inc.
Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC)
Facebook, Inc.
Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC)
7.2 Upon request, Spiir may refer you to where you can obtain a copy of the applicable legal transfer basis.
Spiir handles your data confidentially. However, data can be accessed if necessary to resolve technical issues or to provide support to you, and Spiir asks for permission.
8. Confidentiality
8.1 Spiir always handles your personal data confidentially. Appointed employees with Spiir have the authority to access data where it is necessary to solve operational or technical issues. In connection with support for you, Spiir employees may, with your consent, access your transaction data. All Spiir's employees are subject to strict confidentiality requirements when processing personal data.
You can always withdraw all or some of your consents to Spiir.
9. Withdrawal of consent
9.1 At any time, you can withdraw your consent on the Web or in the App by deleting your profile at Spiir or by contacting Spiir.
9.2 If you withdraw one or more of your consent(s) you may no longer be able to use Spiir’s Services in whole or in part.
Spiir may change this privacy policy at any time. You will be informed of any changes.
10. Changes to the policy
10.1 Spiir reserves the right to change this policy at any time without prior notice. Changes to the policy will come into effect upon publication of the policy in Spiir’s Services.
Spiir also informs you of changes to the policy by contacting you at the email address you provided when setting up your profile, as a message in Spiir App or by push message.
If you have questions about Spiir's processing of your personal data, you can always contact
dpo@spiir.dk
.
11. Data Protection Officer
11.1 Spiir has appointed a data protection officer who advises Spiir regarding the processing of personal data and can guide you on how to exercise your rights. You can contact Spiir’s Data Protection Officer by contacting Spiir A/S, Att .: DPO, Mejlgade 48b, 2. th., DK-8000 Aarhus C, Denmark or dpo@spiir.dk.
11.2 If you have questions about the Privacy Policy or Spiir's processing of your personal data, please contact Spiir’s Data Protection Officer.
If you want to complain about Spiir's personal data processing you may contact Spiir directly or contact the Danish Data Protection Agency (Datatilsynet).
12. Complaints
12.2 If you wish to file a complaint regarding the processing of your personal data, we would love to hear from you. Spiir’s contact information can be found in section. 11.1. You can also file a complaint with Datatilsynet, Carl Jacobsens Vej 35, 2500 Valby, Denmark or
www.datatilsynet.dk
, or your national competent authority.
The Privacy Policy was last updated in June 2021.
13. Version
13.1 This Privacy Policy has been updated in June 2021.
MCOBS Europe Privacy Notice (Spiir)
Effective Date: March 2024
This Privacy Notice (the “Notice”) describes how the Mastercard entities identified in the “
How to Contact Us
” section below (together, “Spiir,” “we,” or “us”) process your Personal Information.
Personal Information We May Collect
How We May Use Your Personal Information
How We Share Your Personal Information
Your Rights and Choices
How We Protect Your Personal Information
Data Transfers
Features and Links to Other Websites
Children’s Privacy
Updates to This Privacy Notice
How to Contact Us
Spiir is a Personal Financial Management app used by Mastercard OB Services Europe A/S ("MCOBS Europe"). MCOBS Europe will provide you with 'account information services' ("AIS"), which allows you to connect your online payment accounts to the Spiir application so that you can view consolidated payment account information (such as balance and transaction information), obtained from your online payment accounts through Spiir. Please see further information about how to contact MCOBS Europe, in the "How to Contact Us" section below.
This Notice describes the Personal Information we collect, the purposes for which we process that Personal Information, the parties with whom we may share it and the measures we take to protect its security. It also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your Personal Information, and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
This Notice applies to the processing of Personal Information you provide to us or that we collect through our website www.spiir.com (the "Site"), our mobile application, (the “App”) and any services provided by Spiir that link to this Notice (collectively the “Services”).
For more information about MCOBS Europe’s Open Banking Solutions, please visit
Mastercard’s Open Banking Notice
. For more information about Mastercard’s privacy practices in other contexts, please visit
Mastercard’s Global Privacy Notice
.
1. Personal Information We May Collect
We may collect the following types of Personal Information:
User account Information
Payment Account Information
Payment Receipts
Contact Information
Questionnaire and Quiz Information
Usage Information collected via cookies and similar technologies
For the purpose of this Privacy Notice, “Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. In connection with the provision of the Services, we obtain Personal Information relating to you from the various sources described below.
Personal Information provided by you
User Account Information. When registering a user account with the Services, you must provide us with your e-mail address, password, and your country of residence. In case you make use of the “Joint Finances” feature, you must provide us with the email address of your partner user account user account (collectively “User Account information”).
Payment Account Information. You may choose to upload information about your bank account(s) to Spiir via the Site, such as account holder name or reference, balance, transactions, as well as the name(s) of other individuals with whom you share a bank account (“shared account”).
Payment Receipts. You may choose to upload electronic copies of payment receipts when using our Services. Where possible, we make these receipts searchable and process their content.
Contact information. When you contact us, via email, we collect your first and last name, email address, as well as any other content that you provide. Please be aware that if you do not provide certain contact information, we may not be able to answer your requests or queries.
Questionnaire and Quiz Information. When you take part in questionnaires or quizzes within our Services, we collect any information that you provide through your answers.
Personal Information provided by third parties
Payment Account Information (uploaded via your Financial Institution(s)). We retrieve payment account information from the bank account(s) that you enrol into the Services, such as account holder name or reference, balance, and transactions.
Personal Information automatically obtained from your interaction with the Services
Usage Information collected via cookies and similar technologies. When you use our Services, we may collect certain information via automated means such as cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, and embedded scripts. This usage information may include standard information from a web browser (such as browser type and browser language), the operating system used, the IP-address used, your overall geographical location, device identifier numbers, logs of events, information about which features you use and to what extent, and the actions taken on a website (such as how a visitor interacts with the web pages and the links clicked) (collectively “Usage Information”). For detailed information about the use of cookies and similar technologies, please see our cookie policy
here
.
2. How We May Use Your Personal Information
We may use your Personal Information to:
Provide and operate our Services
Evaluate the use and performance of our Service
Monitor and ensure data quality
Generate anonymised and/or aggregated data to prepare insights regarding spending patterns, fraud, and other trends
Diagnose and troubleshoot our Services, including customer support
Monitor and understand IT performance
Market, promote and advertise our Services
Comply with legal obligations, and to establish, exercise, or defend against legal claims
Detect, investigate, and prevent financial crime
To manage our customer and vendor relationships
Where required under applicable law, we will only use your Personal Information as necessary to provide you with our Services; with your consent; to comply with a legal obligation; or when there is a legitimate and overriding interest that necessitates the use.
We use Personal Information we obtain about you for the purposes set out below.  We will only process your Personal Information when we have a legal basis for the processing as identified in the table below.
Processing purposes
Legal basis
Categories of Personal Information
Provide and operate our Services
This includes (a) creating and managing any user account you may have with us; (b) retrieving your Payment Account Information on a periodic basis; and (c) providing an overview of your spending and income.
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are a party.
User Account Information
Payment Account Information
Payment Receipts
Contact Information
Questionnaire and Quiz Information
Usage Information
Monitor and ensure data quality
Monitoring IT performance of our Open Banking Solutions for stability, improvement and ensuring the integrity of our Solutions is necessary for the performance of the contract to which you are a party.
Compliance with a legal obligation (e.g., to detect and fix issues with data quality or accuracy).
Profile Information
Payment Account Information
Payment Receipts
Generate anonymised and/or aggregated data to prepare insights regarding spending patterns, fraud, and other trends
We have a legitimate interest in anonymising or aggregating Personal Information and analysing it for internal business purposes.
Where required under applicable law, we obtain your prior consent to process your Payment Account Information for this purpose.
User Account Information
Payment Account Information
Payment Receipts
Questionnaire and Quiz Information
Usage Information
Diagnose and troubleshoot, our Services, including customer support
This includes our ticketing system where you contact us for assistance when you are experiencing a technical issue
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party (e.g., to keep the overview of your bank account(s) and the data provided therein up to date).
User Account Information
Payment Account Information
Contact Information
Usage Information
Monitor and understand IT performance
We have a legitimate interest in monitoring and understanding IT performance of our Services for stability and improvement and ensuring the integrity of our Services.
Usage Information
Market, promote and advertise our Services
We will obtain your prior consent to send you electronic direct marketing communications.
User Account Information
Contact Information
Questionnaire and Quiz Information
Usage Information
Comply with legal obligations, and to establish, exercise, or defend against legal claims
Compliance with a legal obligation (e.g., to respond to law enforcement requests or requests to exercise your data protection rights).
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in protecting against legal claims.
User Account Information
Payment Account Information
Payment Receipts
Contact Information
Questionnaire and Quiz Information
Usage Information
Any other data element you provide us when submitting a request
Detect, investigate, and prevent possible financial crime
This includes tracking and hindering any possible illegal activities and abuse of our products and services, including by monitoring logs.
We have a legitimate interest in detecting, investigating, and preventing financial crime, such as illegal activities or abuse of the Services, or we must do so to comply with legal obligations (e.g., under anti-money laundering laws).
User Account Information
Payment Account Information
Payment Receipts
Contact Information
Questionnaire and Quiz Information
Usage Information
To manage our customer and vendor relationships
Managing our customer and vendor to operate the Services is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party.
Contact Information
Usage Information
3. How We Share Your Personal Information
We may share Personal Information with the following third parties:
Other Permitted Spiir users
Service Providers acting on our behalf
Other entities within the Mastercard group of companies
Public authorities
Potential transactional partners
We may disclose Personal Information we collect about you to the following third parties, for the purposes described below:
Other permitted Spiir users
You may allow other Spiir users to access and view your Personal Information in the Services (e.g., a spouse, via the “Partner Settings”). To enable such access, we may need to disclose your Personal Information to the concerned individual. You can revoke this access at any time in the Services’ settings.
Service Providers acting on our behalf
We may share Personal Information with our service providers who perform services on our behalf and in relation to the purposes described in this Notice (e.g., for marketing, security, hosting, customer support). We require these service providers by contract to only process Personal Information in accordance with our instructions and as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. We also require them to have safeguards designed to protect the security and confidentiality of the Personal Information they process on our behalf.
Other entities within the Mastercard Group
We share the Personal Information we collect with Mastercard’s headquarters in the U.S., our affiliates and other entities within the Mastercard group of companies, for the purposes described in this Notice. Please see the “Data Transfers” section below to understand how we comply with applicable cross-border data transfer rules.
MCOBS Europe is part of the Mastercard group.  We engage MCOBS Europe to provide services which enable us to deliver our account information services and work with MCOBS Europe in connection with the delivery of our services. We therefore share your Personal Information with MCOBS Europe which is a controller for this purpose. If you have any questions regarding the services of MCOBS Europe, please contact us.
Public
authorities
In some circumstances we share the Personal Information we collect with public authorities. This includes (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) in response to a request from a court, law enforcement authorities, or government officials, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to protect our legal interests, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity.
Potential transactional partners
We reserve the right to transfer Personal Information we have about you to potential transactional partners or other third parties in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use Personal Information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with this Notice.
4. Your Rights and Choices
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
Access your Personal Information, rectify it, restrict, or object to its processing, request its deletion, and request us to transmit it to another company
Withdraw any consent provided, including in relation to the use of cookies and other tracking technologies
Opt-out from receiving marketing communications
Where applicable, lodge a complaint with your supervisory authority
You can exercise your rights by accessing
the export feature on Mine Spiir platform
or by submitting a manual request as described in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
You can learn more about Mine Spiir’s export feature
here
.
Please see the “Data Transfers” section below to understand how we comply with applicable cross-border data transfer rules (including for any Personal Information provided in connection with data export accessible from Mine Spiir.).
You have certain rights regarding the Personal Information we maintain about you and certain choices about what Personal Information we collect from you, how we use it, and how we communicate with you.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
Request access to and receive information about the Personal Information we maintain about you, to update and correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information, to restrict or to object to the processing of your Personal Information, to have the information anonymized or deleted, as appropriate, or to exercise your right to data portability to easily transfer information to another company.
Withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your Personal Information, at any time and free of charge. We will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent withdrawal.
Opt-out from receiving marketing communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link in such communications or via your privacy settings in the Services.
Not to provide Personal Information to us by refraining from using our Services and from submitting Personal Information directly to us. When we collect Personal Information from you, we indicate whether and why it is necessary to provide it to us, as well as the consequences of failing to do so. If you do not provide Personal Information, we may not be able to provide you with our Services if that information is necessary to provide you with them, or if we are legally required to collect it in relation to the provision of such Services.
The above rights may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements.
To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists or submit a request to exercise your rights under applicable law, contact us as specified in the "
How To Contact Us
" section below.
If we fall short of your expectations in processing your Personal Information or you wish to make a complaint about our privacy practices, please tell us because it gives us an opportunity to fix the problem. To assist us in responding to your request, please give full details of the issue. We attempt to review and respond to all complaints within a reasonable time and as required under applicable law.
5. How We Protect Your Personal Information
We maintain appropriate security safeguards to protect your Personal Information and only retain it for a limited period of time.
We maintain appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, unauthorised alteration, unauthorised disclosure or access, misuse, and any other unlawful form of processing of the Personal Information in our possession. The types of measures we take vary depending on the type of data, and how it is collected and stored.
We restrict access to Personal Information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. All our employees are subject to strict confidentiality requirements when processing Personal Information.
When determining the specific retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of service provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, and mandatory retention periods provided by law and the statute of limitations.
We retain your Personal Information until you delete your user account on our Services. However, we may retain Personal Information for a longer period, if required to comply with legal requirements or to protect our legal interests.
We also take measures to delete your Personal Information or keep it in a form that does not permit your identification when this information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we process it or when you request their deletion unless we are required by law to keep the information for a longer period.
6. Data Transfers
We may transfer your Personal Information outside of your country, including to the United States, in compliance with Mastercard Binding Corporate Rules and other data transfer mechanisms.
Spiir is the Personal Financial Management application used by MCOBS Europe which is part of the Mastercard group, a global business. We may transfer or disclose Personal Information to third party recipients which are situated in countries other than your country. These countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer or disclose your Personal Information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Notice.
We comply with applicable legal requirements when transferring Personal Information to countries other than the country where you are located.   If Personal Information is transferred to a country outside the EEA, the adequacy of that country and the organisations and systems processing the information is assessed to ensure that appropriate safeguards are in place.  This is in accordance with EU data protection law and may be by an adequacy decision issued by the EU, Binding Corporate Rules, standard contractual clauses or other transfer mechanisms as permitted by law.
Mastercard has established and implemented Binding Corporate Rules (“BCRs”) that have been recognised by the relevant European Data Protection Authorities as providing an adequate level of protection to the Personal Information we process globally. Copies of our BCRs applicable to the EEA and to the UK are available
here
.
You may contact us as specified in the “How to Contact Us” section below to obtain a copy of the safeguards we use to transfer Personal Information outside of the UK or EEA.
7. Features and Links to Other Websites
You may choose to use certain features for which we partner with other entities that operate independently from us.
You may choose to use certain features for which we partner with other entities or click on links to other websites or mobile applications for your convenience and information. These entities may operate independently from us. They may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review. To the extent any features or linked websites you visit are not owned or operated by us, we are not responsible for the sites or the features’ content, any use of the sites or feature or the privacy practices of the sites or feature.
8. Children’s Privacy
The Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 16 years old. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 16.
Our Services are not directed to, or intended for, children under the age of 16. If you learn that a child has provided us with Personal Information in violation of this Notice, please alert us at
spiirprivacy@mastercard.com
.
9. Updates to This Notice
This Notice may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our privacy practices.
This Notice may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our Personal Information practices. We will notify you of any significant changes to our Notice and indicate at the top of the Notice when it was most recently updated. If we update this Privacy Notice, in certain circumstances, we may seek your consent.
10. How to Contact Us
You may contact our global privacy office at
spiirprivacy@mastercard.com
, or write to us at:
Att.: Privacy
Mastercard OB Services Europe
Arne Jacobsens Allé 13
2300, Copenhagen
Denmark
If you have any questions, comments or complaints about this Notice and our privacy practices, or would like to update your privacy preferences, please email us at:
spiirprivacy@mastercard.com
or write to entity responsible for the processing of your Personal Information (or data controller) as indicated below:
Att.: Privacy
Mastercard OB Services Europe
Arne Jacobsens Allé 13
2300, Copenhagen
Denmark
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.mastercard.us/en-us/about-mastercard/what-we-do/privacy.html:
Skip to Content
Mastercard - Global Privacy Notice
Effective Date: 1/17/2025
Mastercard International Incorporated and its affiliates (collectively, “Mastercard”) respect your privacy.
Personal Information We May Collect
How We May Use Your Personal Information
How We Share Your Personal Information
Your Rights and Choices
Data Transfers
How We Protect Your Personal Information
Features and Links to Other Websites
Children’s Privacy
Updates to This Global Privacy Notice
How to Contact Us
US Privacy Addendum
This Global Privacy Notice describes the types of Personal Information we collect, the purposes for which we collect that Personal Information, the other parties with whom we may share it and the measures we take to protect the security of the data. It also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your Personal Information, and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
Please note that we also act on behalf of and under the instructions of financial institutions, merchants and other partners which act as data controllers, including for processing payment transactions. Please refer to their respective privacy policies for more information regarding the processing of your Personal Information in these contexts.
Our privacy practices may vary among the countries in which we operate to reflect local practices and legal requirements. Specific privacy notices may apply to some of our products and services. Please visit the webpage or digital asset of the specific product or service to learn more about our privacy and information practices in relation to that product or service.
Data Analytics Opt-Out
Marketing Email Opt-Out
My Data
1. Personal Information We May Collect
“Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. We may collect the following categories of Personal Information:
Transaction information, such as personal account number, the merchant’s name and location, the date and the total amount of the transaction, and other information provided by financial institutions or merchants when we act on their behalf.
Product and service information, such as registration and payment information, and program-specific information, when you request products or services directly from us, or participate in marketing programs.
Website, device and mobile app usage, and similar information collected via automated means, such as cookies and similar technologies.
Job applications and related information when you apply for a job with us.
Business contact information when you work for one of our business partners.
Identity verification information, such as name, e-mail address, physical address, telephone number, and IP address.
Any other information that you may provide while using communication tools.
Learn more
For the purpose of this Global Privacy Notice, unless otherwise specified, “Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. We may obtain different types of Personal Information (including Sensitive Personal Information, as may be the case under applicable laws) relating to you in the situations described below.
Personal Information We Receive from Financial Institutions, Merchants, and Other Partners in Connection with Mastercard’s Products or Services
As a processor of payment transactions and provider of related services, we obtain a limited amount of information in connection with your payment transactions such as the personal account number, the merchant’s name and location, the date and the total amount of the transaction. Importantly, we generally do not need or collect the cardholder’s name or other contact information to process payment transactions.
In addition, for certain products and services, your financial institutions, the merchants where you make a transaction or other partners may provide us with more information about you, or we may collect it directly from you to provide you with those products and services on their behalf, support their business or perform processing activities on their behalf.
In the above situations, we may act on behalf of and under the instructions of financial institutions, merchants and other partners which act as data controllers. Unless otherwise authorized by law, we will process your Personal Information to process payment transactions or for the purposes agreed between Mastercard and the financial institutions, merchants and other partners. Please refer to their respective privacy policies for more information regarding the processing of your Personal Information.
Personal Information We Collect when Providing Mastercard’s Products and Services Directly to You
Mastercard may provide you directly with products and services such as marketing programs, rewards programs, eWallets, Open Banking solutions, prepaid services, location alert programs, and biometric authentication tools. To benefit from one or more of these products and services, you can submit information to us directly via various means including: (i) on our websites and digital assets, (ii) in response to marketing or other communications, (iii) by signing up for a Mastercard product or service, or (iv) through your participation in an offer, program or promotion. We may also obtain Personal Information about you through your use of our products or services, from companies that use or facilitate our products or services, from publicly available sources, or from third party partners. Your Personal Information may also be passed on to us by your financial institution, merchant or other business partners.
Below is an overview of the types of Personal Information we may collect in relation to programs we offer directly to you. Each program differs, so where applicable, please refer to the relevant program-specific privacy notice for more information on the use of your Personal Information for that specific program.
Registration and payment information: We may collect identifiers and your contact information (such as name, email address, telephone number, billing or shipping address), authentication information (e.g., username and password), age, date of birth, gender and family status, military and veteran status, language preferences, payment details, personal account number, commercial information, such as merchant’s name and location, date and total amount of the transactions, card expiration date and card verification code.
Information we process to provide you with the program: We may collect different types of Personal Information depending on the program. For example, programs designed to offer you location-based services will typically require the collection of your address or geolocation data. Programs within our Open Banking solutions may require the collection of your financial account information. Similarly, programs designed to allow you to authenticate for example, via facial or fingerprint recognition may require the processing of your photograph and/or biometric information. All these programs are voluntary, and your Personal Information is only collected if you subscribe to such programs.
Other information you choose to provide: You may choose to provide other information, such as different types of content (e.g., photographs, articles, comments), contact information of friends or other people you would like us to contact, content you make available through social media accounts or memberships with third parties, or any other information you want to share with us, for example when you contact customer service.
You may be subject to obligations under applicable laws, such as the obligation to provide complete and accurate Personal Information when consenting to the processing of your Personal Information.
In addition, we may collect or use Personal Information for fraud prevention and monitoring, risk management, dispute resolution and other related purposes. Such information may include identifiers, commercial information, and Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as the personal account number, merchant’s name and location, date and total amount of the transactions, IP address, fraud score, location data, merchant details, items purchased and information about the dispute. When we provide cryptocurrency and blockchain intelligence solutions, we may also collect and process information gathered from the blockchain, including blockchain addresses and other cryptocurrency transaction details. For more information, please
click here
.
For more information on our collection of Personal Information in the context of our Open Banking solutions, please click
here
.
Personal Information We Obtain from Your Interaction with Mastercard’s Ads, Websites, Apps or Other Digital Assets
We, our service providers and partners may collect certain information about you via automated means such as Internet or other electronic network activity information, cookies, and web beacons when you interact with our ads, mobile apps, or visit our websites, pages or other digital assets. The Internet and/or Device Information we collect in this manner may include: IP address, browser type, operating system, mobile device identifier, geographical area, referring URLs and information on actions taken or interaction with our digital assets. A “cookie” is a text file placed on a computer’s hard drive by a web server. A “web beacon,” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, is a technology that helps us identify when content has been accessed or visited.
We use this information to improve our online products and services by assessing how many users access or use our online products and services, which content, products and features of our online products and services most interest our visitors, what types of offers our customers like to see and how our online products and services perform from a technical point of view. For instance, we may use third-party web analytics services on our websites and mobile apps, such as those of Adobe Analytics. The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies and web beacons to help us analyze how visitors use our websites and apps.
We, our service providers and partners may also collect information about you in connection with our marketing activities, including offers, sweepstakes, contests and promotions. The information collected for these purposes may include identifiers and your contact information (e.g., name, postal address, email address, telephone number), electronic identification data (e.g., username, password, security questions, IP address), and data collected in the context of online marketing programs, including commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, and inferences drawn from Personal Information (e.g., personal characteristics, life habits, consumption habits, interests, location data, and voice and image recordings).
We, our service providers and partners may also collect information about you to provide you with content and advertising tailored to your individual interests based on inferences drawn from Personal Information. The information collected for these purposes may include Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as details about things like the particular pages or ads you view on our websites and apps and the actions you take on our websites and apps.
We, our service providers and partners may collect certain information about you via automated means such as, social media tools, widgets or plug-ins to connect you to your social media accounts. These features may allow you to sign in through your social media account, share a link or post directly to your social media account. When you visit a website that contains such tools or plugins, the social media or other service provider may learn of your visit. However, your interactions with these tools are governed by the privacy policies of the corresponding social media platforms. As we do not control these third-parties’ data handling practices, we recommend that you review their privacy policies, terms of use, and license agreements (if any). For further details, please consult Section 7 (“
Features and Links to Other Websites
”) of this Global Privacy Notice.
In addition, some of our online products and services include advanced fraud prevention technology using behavioral-based data or biometric information, such as keystroke timing, device accelerometer, scroll position and mouse-location.
Where required under applicable law, we obtain your consent prior to using the above automated means, and prior to sending you marketing communications, tailored content and advertising.
Please see the “
Your Rights and Choices
” section of this Global Privacy Notice to learn about your choices.
Because there is not yet a consensus on how companies should respond to web browser-based do-not-track (“DNT”) mechanisms, Mastercard does not respond to web browser-based DNT signals at this time. To learn more about browser tracking signals and DNT, visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Personal Information We Obtain when You Apply for a Job with Us
If you are applying for a job at Mastercard, we may collect certain identifiers and professional or employment-related information from your job applications on our Career website. To learn more about the type of information Mastercard collects in connection with job applications, please see the
Mastercard  Applicant Privacy Notice
.
Personal Information We Collect in the Context of Our Business Relationship with a Financial Institution, Merchant or other Entity Partnering with Mastercard
We may collect Personal Information from individuals working for one of our business partners (including financial institutions, merchants, customers, suppliers, vendors and other partners), including identifiers, name, job title, department and name of organization, business email and postal addresses, business telephone number, queries, answers to security questions, security passwords and other credentials. We may use this information to provide products and services directly to financial institutions, corporate clients, merchants, customers and partners, to manage our business relationships and financial reporting, for franchise development and integrity, to protect us from financial crime, to improve our service, for marketing and to comply with applicable law, as well as for accounting, auditing and billing purposes.
In certain jurisdictions, it may be necessary for us to receive and process your Sensitive Personal Information to provide respective products and services to you and/or to financial institutions, corporate clients, merchants, customers and partners. Such processing of your Sensitive Personal Information will be protected with adequate security measures and be conducted in a manner so as to have the lowest possible impact on your personal rights and interests. The following information may be considered Sensitive Personal Information as defined by applicable law: personal account number, card expiration date, card verification code, answers to security questions, security passwords and other credentials, address or location information (to the extent that it may reveal your personal tracks), voice and image recordings, electronic identification data, payment transactions, and biometric information.
2. How We May Use Your Personal Information
We May Use Your Personal Information to:
Process your payment transactions.
Protect against and prevent fraud, and other legal or information security risks. For more information, please see our
Fraud & Security Notice
and our
MATCH Notice
.
Provide our
Open Banking solutions
.
Create and manage any accounts you may have with us, verify your identity, provide our services, and respond to your inquiries.
Provide and communicate with you about products and services offered by Mastercard, financial institutions, merchants and partners.
Offer and support loyalty programs.  For more information, please see our
Loyalty Notice
.
Provide you with personalized services and recommendations.
Manage our customer, supplier and vendor relationships, including to create and publish business directories (which may include business contact information).
Operate, evaluate and improve our business, including cleansing, preparing, and/or anonymizing data for analytics and to develop new products and services.
Process your job application. For more information, please see the
Mastercard Applicant Privacy Notice
.
Develop and improve products and services, detect, and prevent deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and improve customer and consumer experience. For these processing activities, we may use techniques such as artificial intelligence and machine learning to process and analyze data.
Enable mergers, acquisitions and/or sale of business or assets. For example, if we sell any business or assets or any part of our business or assets is acquired by a third-party, we may disclose your personal information relating to those business and assets to the prospective buyer or the acquiring third-party.
Serve other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection, and as otherwise authorized or required by law.
Generate anonymized and aggregated data to prepare insights to advise Mastercard’s customers and partners regarding spending patterns, fraud and other trends.
Learn more about you, including your preferences or other characteristics. We treat these inferences as Personal Information where required under applicable law.
Where required under applicable law, we will only use your Personal Information with your consent; as necessary to provide you with products and services; to comply with a legal obligation; or when there is a legitimate and overriding interest that necessitates the use.
Learn more
We may use Personal Information we obtain about you for the purposes set out below. Depending on the country in which you are located, we will only process your Personal Information, where permitted under applicable laws, and when we have a legal basis for the processing as identified in the table below. However, please note that even though the chart below does not list consent as a legal basis for each processing activity, in some countries consent is the only or most appropriate legal basis for the processing of Personal Information, and in those countries, we rely on consent.
Processing activity
Legal Basis for Processing (where required under applicable law)
Process your payment transactions (including authorization, clearing, chargebacks and other related dispute resolution activities).
In most cases, we process your payment transactions as a processor on behalf of your financial institutions, merchants and other partners which act as data controllers. When we act as a processor, controllers are responsible for ensuring a legal basis for the processing of your Personal Information. Where applicable, we have taken steps to ensure that controllers have obtained your consent to our processing of your Personal Information on their behalf. Please refer to their respective privacy policies for more information regarding the processing of your Personal Information in these contexts.
In some limited cases (e.g., chargebacks), we may process your payment transactions as a controller, provided that:
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Protect against and prevent fraud and cyber threats, unauthorized transactions, claims and other liabilities, and manage risk exposure and franchise quality with respect to the integrity and security of our payments network.
When we process Personal Information for fraud and cyber threat prevention, we may act as a controller or as a processor. When we act as a controller, we rely on one of the following legal grounds:
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purpose of protecting against fraud, securing our network and the payment transactions that we process (including blockchain in relation to cryptocurrency).
For more information on our fraud prevention and monitoring activities, please see our
Fraud & Security Notice
.
For more information on the Mastercard Alert To Control High-risk Merchants (MATCH) program, please see our
MATCH Notice
.
Provide our Open Banking solutions, including our connectivity and dispute resolution services.
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for such purpose (e.g., detecting fraud risks or resolving disputes).
In some cases, we provide our Open Banking solutions as a processor on behalf of your service provider, merchants and other partners which act as data controllers. When we act as a processor, controllers are responsible for ensuring a legal basis for the processing of your Personal Information. Where applicable, we have taken steps to ensure that controllers have obtained your consent to our processing of your Personal Information on their behalf. Please refer to their respective privacy policies for more information regarding the processing of your Personal Information in these contexts.
For more information on our Open Banking activities, please see our
Open Banking Privacy Notice
.
Create and manage any accounts you may have with us, verify your identity, provide our services, and respond to your inquiries.
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are a party; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purpose of creating and managing accounts and verifying your identity, and responding to your inquiries.
Provide, administer, and communicate with you about products, services, offers, loyalty programs and promotions (including loyalty program operation, contests, sweepstakes, donation service program operation, and any other marketing activities) of Mastercard, financial institutions, merchants, and partners.
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purpose of providing you with products and services. For more information on our loyalty programs, please see our
Loyalty Programs Notice
. For more information about our donation service program, please see our
Mastercard Donation Service Privacy Notice
.
Manage our customer, supplier and vendor relationships, including to create and publish business directories (which may include business contact information).
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are a party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purpose of managing our customer, supplier and vendor relationships.
Operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products and services or cleansing, organizing, and preparing data for permissible purposes); determining the effectiveness of and optimizing our advertising; analyzing our products, services, websites, mobile apps and any other digital assets in order to facilitate their functionality; and analyzing and comparing our customers’ approach to spending that have signed up to our marketing program (such as Priceless Specials) in order to understand and improve the effectiveness of the program.
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of operating, evaluating and improving our products or services.
Performing due diligence reviews, accounting, auditing, billing, reconciliation and collection activities.
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of performing due diligence, billing, reconciliation and collection activities.
Provide you with personalized services and recommendations. For example, we may use your Personal Information such as your email address and your interaction with our website to analyze your preferences, interests and behavior in order to decide to provide you with tailored content and the most relevant offers, recommendations and email communications about a specific product from Mastercard, financial institutions, merchants and partners.
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of providing you personalized services and recommendations.
Anonymize Personal Information and prepare and furnish aggregated data reports showing anonymized information (including compilations, analyses, analytical and predictive models and rules, and other aggregated reports) for the purpose of advising our financial institutions, merchants and other customers and partners regarding past and potential future patterns of spending, fraud, credit risk,  and other insights that may be extracted from this data.  The Personal Information we anonymize may include payment transactions.
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of anonymizing Personal Information and preparing and furnishing aggregated data reports; or
The processing is undertaken for statistical and/or research purposes (in jurisdictions where this legal ground is available) and training our AI.
To the extent we maintain or otherwise process deidentified or anonymized information, we will maintain and use the information in deidentified or anonymized form and will not attempt to reidentify the information unless otherwise permitted by applicable law.
Evaluate your interest in employment and contact you regarding possible employment with Mastercard.
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of evaluating your interest in employment and contacting you regarding possible employment; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation.  For more information, see the
Mastercard Applicant Privacy Notice
.
Enforce our
Terms of Use
or as necessary to establish, exercise and defend legal rights.
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal or  regulatory obligation; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of enforcing the
Terms of Use
and establishing, exercising and defending legal rights.
As may be required by applicable laws and regulations, including for compliance with Know Your Customers, Anti-Money Laundering, anti-corruption and sanctions screening requirements, or as requested by any judicial process, law enforcement or governmental agency having or claiming jurisdiction over Mastercard or Mastercard’s affiliates.
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of responding to a judicial process, law enforcement or governmental agency.
Comply with industry standards and our policies.
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of complying with industry standards and our policies.
Develop and improve products and services, detect, and prevent deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and improve customer and consumer experience. For these processing activities, we may use techniques such as artificial intelligence and machine learning to process and analyze data.
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or other regulatory obligations; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of complying with industry standards and our policies.
Enable mergers, acquisitions and/or sale of business or assets. For example, if we sell any business or assets or any part of our business or assets is acquired by a third-party, we may disclose your personal information relating to those business and assets to the prospective buyer or acquiring third-party.
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or other regulatory obligations; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of complying with industry standards and our policies.
For other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
Please consult the Specific Privacy Notice at the time of the collection.
Where required under applicable law, we have carried out balancing tests for the data processing based on our or a third party’s legitimate interests to ensure that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms. For more information on our balancing tests, you may contact us as described in the “
How to Contact Us
” section below.
We will not subject you to a decision based solely on automated processing that produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you, unless you explicitly consented to the processing where required under applicable law, the processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract between you and Mastercard, or when we are legally required to use your Personal Information in this way, for example to prevent fraud.
If you provide us with any information or material relating to another individual, you must make sure that the sharing with us and our further use as described to you from time to time is in line with applicable laws, so for example you should duly inform that individual about the processing of her/his Personal Information and obtain her/his consent, as may be necessary under applicable laws.
Where the Personal Information we collect from you is needed to meet our legal or regulatory obligations or enter into an agreement with you, if you do not provide your Personal Information when requested, we may not be able to provide (or continue to provide) our products or services to you and you may not be able to purchase our products you require or fully use our services.
3. How We Share Your Personal Information
We May Share Personal Information with:
Mastercard’s headquarters in the U.S., our affiliates and other entities within Mastercard’s group of companies.
Service providers acting on our behalf.
Other participants in the payment ecosystem, including financial institutions, and merchants.
Other participants in the Open Banking ecosystem, including financial institutions, merchants and third parties.
Third parties for fraud monitoring and prevention purposes, or other purposes required by law.
Third parties whose feature(s) you use in connection with our products and services or with your consent.
Other entities as required under applicable law or in the event of a sale or transfer of our business or assets.
Learn more
Please see the “
Data Transfers
” section below to understand how we comply with applicable cross-border data transfer rules.
We may also share your Personal Information:
With financial institutions and other entities that issue payment cards or merchants to process payment transactions and perform other activities that you request.
With entities that partner with Mastercard or assist Mastercard in providing its products and services, for fraud prevention and monitoring and third party identification services, to ensure the security of transactions and our payment processing system.
With other participants in the Open Banking ecosystem, including financial institutions, merchants and other entities of your choice (e.g., your investment advisors).
When we act as a service provider for third parties and provide them with Personal Information that we process on their behalf.
With our service providers who perform services on our behalf for the purposes described in this Global Privacy Notice (or in the applicable program specific privacy notice). We require these service providers by contract to only process Personal Information in accordance with our instructions and as necessary to perform services on our behalf or in compliance with applicable law. We also require them to safeguard the security and confidentiality of the Personal Information they process on our behalf by implementing appropriate technical and organizational security measures and confidentiality obligations binding employees accessing Personal Information.
With third parties whose features (e.g., third-party cookies, widgets, plug-ins) are integrated in our products and services. For further details, please consult Section 7 (
Features and Links to Other websites
) of this Global Privacy Notice.
With social media networks when you directly engage with those platforms. For further details, please consult Section 7 (
Features and Links to Other Websites
) of this Global Privacy Notice.
With other third parties with your consent.
As required under applicable law or legal process, or to respond to requests from law enforcement or governmental agencies. When receiving such requests, we will follow the process set out in our Binding Corporate Rules (see Section 5 below) where applicable.
When we believe disclosure is necessary to protect individuals’ vital interests, to enforce our
Terms of Use
, prevent Mastercard against harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity.
In the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use Personal Information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with our Global Privacy Notice. Following such a sale or transfer, you may contact the entity to which we transferred your Personal Information with any inquiries concerning the processing of that information.
Prior to the transfer or sharing of any Personal Information (including access to Personal  Information), we require appropriate privacy and information security protections in agreements with third parties. We operate a comprehensive Third Party Risk Management Program and we perform appropriate due diligence as part thereof
If you are located in mainland China, you may contact us as specified in the “
How to Contact Us
” section below to obtain information regarding the third-party recipients who act in the capacity of data controllers and with whom we share your Personal Information. Such sharing will always be conducted to the extent necessary and will not exceed or alter the purposes and means of processing that you have originally consented or based on a non-consent legal basis.
4. Your Rights and Choices
Depending on your country, you may have the right or choice to:
Opt out of some collection or uses of your Personal Information, including the use of cookies and similar technologies, the use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes, the preparation of transaction data for real-time services that your bank or another party may offer you, and the anonymization of your Personal Information for data analyses.
Access your Personal Information, obtain a copy of it, rectify it, restrict or object to its processing, or request its deletion, destruction or anonymization.
Receive the Personal Information you provided to us to transmit it to another company.
Withdraw any consent provided.
Where applicable, lodge a complaint with your relevant supervisory authority or regulator.
You, or a party authorized to act on your behalf, can exercise your rights on Mastercard’s “
My Data
” portal or by submitting a request as described in the “
How to Contact Us
” section below.
If you reside in the United States, you may have additional rights as described in our U.S. Privacy Addendum.
Learn more
You may have certain rights regarding the Personal Information we maintain about you and certain choices about what Personal Information we collect from you, how we use it, and how we communicate with you.
We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights, except where the different price or level of quality of good or service is reasonably related to the value of the data that we receive from you. In some instances, we may not be able to provide you with the good or service that you request if you choose to exercise certain rights.
You can choose:
Not to provide Personal Information to Mastercard by refraining from conducting payment transactions or from submitting Personal Information directly to us. When we collect Personal Information from you, we indicate whether and why it is necessary to provide it to us, as well as the consequences of failing to do so. If you do not provide Personal Information, you may not be able to benefit from the full range of Mastercard products and services, and we may not be able to provide you with the Mastercard products or services if that information is necessary to provide you with them, or if we are legally required to collect it in relation to the provision of such product or service.
To opt out of the collection and use of certain information, which we collect about you by automated means, when you visit our websites or use our apps. In certain jurisdictions, you can exercise your choice regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies by clicking on the ‘Manage cookies’ banner displayed in the bottom right corner of Mastercard websites. Your browser may tell you how to be notified of and opt out of having certain types of cookies placed on your device. Note that without certain cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our websites, apps or online services.
To opt out of certain uses of information, which we collect about you by automated means, when you visit third-party websites and interact with our ads. We may use service providers to serve ads on those third-party websites. These ads may be customized and served based on the use of data we and our partners have collected on our websites and apps. In addition, some of our service providers and partners may collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites to customize and serve these ads. Mastercard ads are sometimes delivered with icons that help consumers (i) learn more about how their data is being used and (ii) exercise choices they may have regarding the use of their data. Please click where applicable, on the icon in our targeted ads to learn about your ability to opt out or limit the use of your browsing behavior for advertising purposes. You may also exercise your choice regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies by clicking on the ‘Manage cookies’ banner displayed in the bottom right corner of our websites.
To tell us not to send you marketing emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link within the marketing emails you receive from us or by contacting us as indicated below. You also may opt out of receiving marketing emails from Mastercard by
clicking here
.
To opt out of the anonymization of your Personal Information to perform data analyses by
clicking here
.
Depending on the country in which you are located, you may have the right to:
Request access to and receive information about the Personal Information we maintain about you, to update and correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information, to restrict or to object to the processing of your Personal Information, to have the information anonymized, destroyed or deleted, as appropriate, or to exercise your right to data portability to easily transfer your Personal Information to another company. In addition, you may also have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority or regulator, including in your country of residence, place of work or where an incident took place.
Withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your Personal Information, at any time and free of charge. We will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent withdrawal.
If you reside in the United States, you may have additional rights as described in our U.S. Privacy Addendum.
For information on the number of privacy requests Mastercard processed pursuant to privacy laws globally, please review the “
My Data Report
” section of the “
My Data
” portal.
You may opt out from certain processing of your Personal Information, e.g., via our
opt-out webpage
.
Note that this list may not be exhaustive, which means that you may have additional rights in accordance with your local laws.  In addition, the above rights may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements.
To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists or submit a request to exercise your rights under applicable law, contact us as specified in the "
How To Contact Us
" section below.
We have developed Mastercard’s “
My Data
” portal to facilitate the exercise of your rights. You, or a party authorized to act on your behalf, can exercise your rights on Mastercard’s “
My Data
” portal or by submitting a request as described in the “
How To Contact Us
" section below.
If we fall short of your expectations in processing your Personal Information or you wish to make a complaint about our privacy practices, please tell us because it gives us an opportunity to fix the problem. To assist us in responding to your request, please give full details of the issue. We attempt to review and respond to all complaints within a reasonable time and as required under applicable law.
To learn more about the APEC Certification and access Dispute Resolution, please click on the TRUSTe seal.
5. Data Transfers
Mastercard is a global business. We may transfer your Personal Information to the United States and other countries which may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information, but we will protect your Personal Information in accordance with this Global Privacy Notice, or as otherwise disclosed to you.
We comply with applicable legal requirements when transferring Personal Information to countries other than the country where you are located. If you are located in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, we will transfer your Personal Information in accordance with adequacy decisions, Binding Corporate Rules, standard contractual clauses, and other data transfer mechanisms.
See list of countries for which the European Commission has issued an adequacy decision
here
;
See list of countries for which the UK government has issued an adequacy decision
here
;
See list of countries for which the Swiss Federal Council has issued an adequacy decision
here
Mastercard’s privacy practices, described in this Global Privacy Notice, comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules System. The APEC CBPR system provides a framework for organizations to ensure protection of Personal Information transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC framework can be found
here
.
Learn more
Mastercard is a global business. We may transfer the Personal Information we collect about you to recipients in countries other than your country, including the United States, where we are headquartered. These countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer your Personal Information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Global Privacy Notice, as disclosed to you at the time of data collection or as described in our program-specific privacy notice.
We comply with applicable legal requirements, including obtaining consent where required, when transferring Personal Information to countries other than the country where you are located. In particular, we have established and implemented Binding Corporate Rules (“
BCRs
”) that have been recognized by EEA data protection authorities as providing an adequate level of protection to the Personal Information we process globally. A copy of our EEA BCRs is available
here
. We equally rely on UK BCRs to transfer Personal Information outside of the United Kingdom. A copy of our UK BCRs is available
here
.
We may also transfer Personal Information to countries for which adequacy decisions have been issued (see list of countries for which the European Commission has issued an adequacy decision
here
; see list of countries which the Swiss Federal Council has determined to provide for adequate data protection legislation
here
), use contractual protections for the transfer of Personal Information to third parties, such as the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses or their equivalent under applicable law, or rely on other data transfer mechanisms or requirements where applicable. Depending on your country, you may contact us as specified in the “
How to Contact Us
” section below to obtain a copy of the safeguards we use to transfer Personal Information outside of your jurisdiction.
Additionally, Mastercard’s privacy practices, described in this Global Privacy Notice, comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules System. The APEC CBPR system provides a framework for organizations to ensure protection of Personal Information transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC framework can be found
here
.
If you are located in mainland China, you understand that we may transfer the Personal Information we collect about you to recipients in countries or regions other than mainland China, including Mastercard International Incorporated in the United States, Mastercard Asia/Pacific Pte. Limited in Singapore and to other affiliates as listed
here
. When we conduct international transfers of Personal Information, we will always ensure to comply with requirements stipulated under applicable laws.
6. How We Protect Your Personal Information
We maintain appropriate security safeguards to protect your Personal Information and only retain it for a limited period of time.
Learn more
The security of your Personal Information is important to Mastercard. We are committed to protecting the information we collect. We maintain reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the Personal Information you provide or we collect against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. We use SSL encryption on a number of our websites from which we transfer certain Personal Information.
In the event of a breach of our security safeguards, we will assess the extent of harm (if any) to individuals, and comply with reporting and notification obligations in accordance with the applicable law.
We also take measures to delete your Personal Information or keep it in a form that does not permit identifying you when this information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we process it, unless we are required by law to keep this information for a longer period. When determining the retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of products and services requested by or provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, possible re-enrolment with our products or services, the impact on the services we provide to you if we delete some information from or about you, mandatory retention periods provided by law and the statute of limitations.
7. Features and Links to Other Websites
Our websites may include links to other third-party websites, social media tools, widgets or plug-ins, permitting sharing web content including IP address, with third parties and social media providers. These social media providers may learn of your visit even if you are not logged in to your social media account or if you do not have an account with them. To the extent any linked websites or features you visit or use are not owned or controlled by Mastercard, we suggest that you review their own privacy notices or policies.
Learn more
Our websites may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. Our website may also contain certain features for which we partner with other entities. These entities may learn of your visit regardless of whether you use these features. These websites and features, which may include social networking and geo-location tools, operate independently from Mastercard, and are clearly identified as such. To the extent any linked websites or features you visit or use are not owned or controlled by Mastercard, we suggest that you review the privacy practices of the websites.
Mastercard offers you the possibility to share, link to, or mention things on social media about Mastercard’s products and services. For example, you may “like” an offer via your Facebook account, or “tweet” an offer using Twitter. When you visit a website with a social media button, your browser establishes a direct connection to that social media provider, and data concerning your visit, including IP address, is transferred to the social media provider. If you have an account with the social media provider, the provider may link your visit to your account, even if you are not logged into this account.
You may also choose to use certain features on our websites that can be accessed through, or for which we partner with, other entities that are not otherwise affiliated with Mastercard. These features, including geo-location tools, are operated by third parties and are clearly identified as such. Social media providers such as Facebook and Twitter, and these other third parties, are independent from Mastercard and do not necessarily share the same policy as Mastercard regarding the protection of privacy. Please review their privacy notices if you decide to use their services and consult your social media account settings if you want to deactivate certain features.
8. Children’s Privacy
Mastercard products and services are not directed to, likely to be accessed by, or intended for, children under the age of 18 or the age of majority (to the extent it differs under applicable law), in accordance with applicable law.
Learn more
Mastercard products and services are not directed to, likely to be accessed by, or intended for children. However, Mastercard may process Personal Information about children below 18 years of age or the age of majority (to the extent it differs under applicable law), with the parent or guardian’s consent, and with the child’s consent where required, or based on another legal basis in accordance with applicable law. If you learn that Mastercard is processing children’s Personal Information in violation of this Privacy Notice, then you may alert us at
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
.
9. Updates to This Global Privacy Notice
This Global Privacy Notice may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our privacy practices.
Learn more
This Global Privacy Notice may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our Personal Information practices. We will post a prominent notice on relevant websites to notify you of any significant or material changes to our Global Privacy Notice prior to them being effective and indicate at the top of the Notice when it was most recently updated. If we update our Global Privacy Notice, in certain circumstances, we may seek your consent.
10. How to Contact Us
You can e-mail our Global Privacy Office at
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
. You may also submit a request to exercise your rights to your Personal Information on Mastercard’s “
My Data
” portal or by emailing us at:
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
.
Learn more
If you have any questions, comments or complaints about this Global Privacy Notice and our privacy practices, or would like to update your privacy preferences, please email us at:
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
or write to us at:
Global Privacy Office
Mastercard International Incorporated
2000 Purchase Street
Purchase, New York 10577
USA
If you reside in a state in
the United States
which recognizes privacy rights under law, you may  exercise your rights under applicable privacy law by submitting your request on Mastercard’s “
My Data
” portal, email us at:
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
, or call our toll-free number: 1-833-244-4084. For more information on exercising these rights, please see our U.S. Privacy Addendum.
If you are located in
Quebec, Canada,
you may contact our Data Protection Officer at
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
. For inquiries about your Mastercard card and your purchase, you should contact your financial institution or merchant. More information about how to contact them can be found on their respective websites.
If you are located in the
EEA, the UK or Switzerland,
Mastercard Europe SA is the entity responsible for the processing of your Personal Information (or data controller). You may submit your request to exercise your rights to your Personal Information on Mastercard’s “
My Data
” portal, or email us at:
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
, or write to us at:
Europe Data Protection Officer
Mastercard Europe SA
Chaussée de Tervuren 198A
B-1410 Waterloo
Belgium
If you are located in
Brazil,
Mastercard Brasil Soluções de Pagamento Ltda. is the entity responsible for the processing of your Personal Information. You may submit your request to exercise your rights to your Personal Information on Mastercard’s “
My Data
” portal, or email us at:
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
or write to us at:
Brazil Data Protection Officer
Mastercard Brasil Soluções de Pagamento Ltda.
Avenida das Nações Unidas, 14.171, 20º andar, Crystal Tower
São Paulo/SP
Brasil
CEP 04794-000
If you are located in the
Caribbean and Latin America
, you may submit your request to exercise your rights to your Personal Information on Mastercard’s “
My Data
” portal. You may also contact our Data Protection Officer responsible for the Caribbean and Latin America regions at
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
.
If you are located in
Asia Pacific (excluding mainland China), Middle East or Africa, Mastercard Asia Pacific Pte.
Ltd. is the entity responsible for the processing of your Personal Information. You may submit your request to exercise your rights to your Personal Information by emailing us at:
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
, calling our toll-free number listed
here
or write to us at:
Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa Data Protection Officer
Mastercard Asia/Pacific Pte Ltd
3 Fraser Street, DUO Tower, Level 17
Singapore 189352
If you are located in
South Africa
, you may also send your complaint to the South African Information Regulator at the following:
Email:
complaints.IR@justice.gov.za
Post: PO Box 31533, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2017
Website:
https://www.justice.gov.za/inforeg/
If you are located in
mainland China
, Mastercard Shanghai Business Consulting Ltd. is the entity responsible for the processing of your Personal Information. You may submit your request to exercise your rights to your Personal Information by emailing us at:
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
or writing to us at:
China Data Protection Officer
Room 2907-14, Part of 29/F Tower 2
Shanghai IFC, 8 Century Avenue
China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone
11. U.S. Privacy Addendum
If you reside in the United States, this U.S. Privacy Addendum supplements the information above for certain states, as indicated in this Section 11.
Learn more
LAST UPDATED: January 17, 2025
Application
This U.S. Privacy Addendum supplements the information contained in the Global Privacy Notice. This U.S. Privacy Addendum applies to residents in the United States whose states have passed state-specific privacy laws.
Additional disclosures for California residents
If you are a
California resident
from whom we collect Personal Information
as a business
under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020) (“CCPA”), you may rely on the Global Privacy Notice and the additional information below.
If you are a job applicant who is a California resident, please see the Mastercard
Applicant Privacy Notice
for further information.
For the purpose of this section for California residents, “Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household, or as otherwise defined by the CCPA. Personal Information does not include information that is publicly available, deidentified, or aggregated (as those terms are defined in the CCPA) or otherwise excluded from the scope of the CCPA.
Categories of Personal Information about you that we Collect and Disclose
The following is a list of categories of Personal Information (as defined by the CCPA) we have collected and disclosed for a business purpose.
A.
Identifiers
. Examples: Personal and business contact information (e.g., name, postal address, telephone number, job title), date of birth, unique personal identifiers or numbers, online identifier, device identifier(s), internet protocol address, email address, account name, authentication information, and similar identifiers. We may collect this information about other people if you give us their information. We may also associate information that you submit to us, such as articles, comments, or content on our social media pages, with your identifiers.
B.
Categories of Personal Information in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80(e)
. Examples: Name, address, telephone number, email address, and IP address.
C.
Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or Federal Law
. Examples: Gender, family status, age range, and military and veteran status.
D.
Commercial Information
. Examples: Information we create or retain that are fundamental to our business, e.g. records of personal property; transaction information, such as date and time of transaction, or a transaction ID provided by a customer, personal account number, the merchant’s name and location, the total amount of the transaction, and other information provided by financial institutions or merchants when we act on their behalf; product and service information, such as product version, registration and payment information, and program-specific information, when you request products or services directly from us, or participate in marketing programs; preferences that we infer about you based on products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies; accrued total of points or rewards and points or rewards redemption history.
E.
Biometric Information
. Examples: Behavioral characteristics, that can be used, singly or in combination with each other or with other identifying data, to establish individual identity, such as keystroke timing, device accelerometer, scroll position, and mouse location.
F.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
.  Examples: Cookie and web beacon data, IP address, browser type, operating system, mobile device identifier, referring URLs, pages viewed and actions you take on our online properties and apps, and behavioral-based data or biometric information, such as keystroke timing, device accelerometer, scroll position, and mouse location.
G.
Geolocation Data
. Example: Your city, state or country or your IP address.
H.
Sensory Information
. Examples: Photographs, audio recordings (including call recordings for customer service purposes), and video recordings.
I.
Professional or Employment-Related Information
. Examples: Professional information such as job title, department, and name of organization. Additionally, information you provide as part of your job application or in the course of your employment with Mastercard, e.g., contact information and employment history. Please see the Mastercard
Applicant Privacy Notice
for further information.
K.
Inferences Drawn from Personal Information
. Examples: Personal characteristics, life habits, consumption habits, and interests.
L.
Sensitive Personal Information
. Examples: Biometric information, as described in more detail above in E, for fraud and security prevention. (We note, however, that we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes which would require us to offer consumers the right to limit our collection and processing of this data under the CCPA).
Sources of Collection of Personal Information
We have collected Personal Information from the following categories of sources:
You/Your Devices:
You or your devices directly.
Affiliates
.
Analytics Providers
.
Users
: Other users of our services.
ISPs
: Internet service providers.
Government
: Government entities.
Advertising Networks
.
Social Networks
.
OS/Platform Provider
: Operating systems and platforms.
Partners
: Business partners.
Public
: Publicly accessible sources.
Use of your Personal Information
We
collect, use, and disclose
your Personal Information in accordance with the specific business and commercial purposes below:
Providing Services
: Providing our services.
Communicating
: Communicating with you, providing you with updates and other information relating to our services and products, providing information that you request, responding to comments and questions, and otherwise providing customer support.
Connecting Third Party Services
: Facilitating the connection of third-party services or applications.
Marketing
: Marketing purposes, such as developing and providing promotional and advertising materials that may be useful, relevant, valuable, or otherwise of interest to you.
Personalization
: Personalizing your experience on our services, such as presenting tailored content.
Sending Messages
: Sending you personalized text messages as requested on our Talent Community. Please see
Talent Community Privacy Notice
for further information.
Facilitating Payments
: Facilitating transactions and payments.
Deidentification and Aggregation
: Deidentifying and aggregating information collected through our services and using it for lawful purposes.
Job Applications
: Processing your job application.
Safety Issues
: Responding to trust and safety issues that may arise.
Compliance
: For compliance purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Use or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency.
Loyalty Program Operation
: Offering and supporting loyalty programs that allow you to earn points, cashback rewards, prize draw entries, or other benefits for purchases made with your eligible Mastercard card.
Auditing Interactions
: Auditing related to your interaction with our services and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with other standards.
Fraud and Incident Prevention
: Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.
Debugging
: Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Transient Use
: Short-term, transient use.
Contracting Vendors
: Contracting with vendors and service providers to perform services on our behalf or on their behalf, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing, or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing similar services on behalf of Mastercard’s clients.
Research
: Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Improving Our Services
: Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our services, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance our services.
Enabling Transactions
: Otherwise enabling or effecting, directly or indirectly, a commercial transaction.
Notified Purpose
: For other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time the information is collected.
Disclosure of your Personal Information to Third Parties
With respect to the categories of Personal Information identified above in Section 1, we
disclose
your Personal Information to the following categories of third parties:
Advertising Providers
: Advertising technology companies, such as advertising networks.
We disclose your Personal Information to Advertising Providers only with your consent
. Personal Information we disclose: Identifiers; Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity; Geolocation Data.
Analytics Providers
: Companies that help us analyze and improve our online properties. We disclose your Personal Information to Analytics Providers only at your direction
and only with your consent
. Personal Information we disclose: Identifiers; Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity; Geolocation Data.
OS/Platform Providers
: Operating systems and platforms. Personal Information we share: Identifiers; Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information; Geolocation Data.
Resellers
: Consumer data brokers. Personal Information we disclose: Identifiers; Categories of Personal Information in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80(e); Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or Federal Law; Geolocation Data; Inferences Drawn from Personal Information.
Affiliates
. Personal Information we disclose: Identifiers; Categories of Personal Information in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80(e); Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or Federal Law; Commercial Information; Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information; Geolocation Data; Inferences Drawn from Personal Information.
Vendors
: Vendors and service providers. Personal Information we disclose: Identifiers; Categories of Personal Information in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80(e); Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or Federal Law; Commercial Information; Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information; Geolocation Data; Inferences Drawn from Personal Information.
Integrated Third Parties
: Third parties integrated into our services. Personal Information we disclose: Identifiers; Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity; Geolocation Data.
Third Parties as Legally Required
: Third parties as required by law and similar disclosures.  Personal Information we disclose: Identifiers; Categories of Personal Information in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80(e); Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or Federal Law; Commercial Information; Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information; Geolocation Data; Inferences Drawn from Personal Information.
Third Parties in Merger/Acquisition
: Third parties in connection with a merger, sale, or asset transfer. Personal Information we disclose: Identifiers; Categories of Personal Information in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80(e); Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or Federal Law; Commercial Information; Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information; Geolocation Data; Inferences Drawn from Personal Information.
Third Parties with Consent or Direction
: Other third parties for whom we have obtained your direction or permission to disclose your Personal Information.  Personal Information we may disclose: Identifiers; Commercial Information.
Financial Institution(s)
(e.g., banks that issued your Mastercard card) or Merchants: To the extent necessary for Mastercard to offer promotions, offers, benefits, campaigns, and other loyalty-related initiatives and to perform related activities for our customers. Personal Information we disclose: Identifiers; Categories of Personal Information in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80(e); Commercial Information; Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information; Geolocation Data; Inferences Drawn from Personal Information.
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes which would require us to offer consumers the right to limit under the CCPA.
Collection and Sale of your Personal Information to Other Parties
We sell your Personal Information. However, we only sell your Personal Information for fraud prevention and identity verification purposes, as detailed further below.
With respect to Personal Information that we sell, we have collected information from Resellers (consumer data brokers).
We do not “share” Personal Information with third parties for “cross-context behavioral advertising” (“CCBA”).
The following is a list of categories of Personal Information (as defined by the CCPA) we have sold.
A.
Identifiers
. Examples: Personal and business contact information (e.g., name, postal address, telephone number), internet protocol address, and email address. We may collect this information about other people if you give us their information.
B.
Categories of Personal Information in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80(e)
. Examples: Name, postal address(es), telephone number, email address, and IP address.
C.
Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or Federal Law
. Examples: Age range, e.g., 35-39 years of age.
E.
Geolocation Data
. Example: Your city, state or country, or your IP address.
F.
Associated People
. Example: Household members, i.e., people with the same current address.
G.
Contact Information Metadata
. Examples: Mobile phone carrier name, mobile phone carrier line type, mobile phone number subscriber name, and email address registered owner name.
H.
Device Information
. Examples: Browser, ISP carrier, and platform.
With respect to the categories of Personal Information identified above, we have
sold
Personal Information to our
Customers
, who use our
identity verification and fraud prevention
products. We share the following categories of Personal Information to our Customers for this purpose:  Identifiers; Categories of Personal Information in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80(e); Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or Federal Law; Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information; and Geolocation Data.
We do not have actual knowledge that we sell Personal Information of consumers under 16 years of age or that we share Personal Information of consumers under 16 years of age for CCBA.
Retention
We take measures to delete your Personal Information or keep it in a form that does not permit identifying you when this information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we process it unless we are required by law to keep this information for a longer period. When determining the retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of products and services requested by or provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, possible re-enrolment with our products or services, the impact on the services we provide to you if we delete some information from or about you, mandatory retention periods provided by law and the statute of limitations.
Your Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you may exercise the following rights.
Right to Know and Access
. You may submit a verifiable request for information regarding the: (1) categories of Personal Information collected, sold, shared with third parties for CCPA, or disclosed by us; (2) purposes for which categories of Personal Information are collected, sold, or shared with third parties for CCBA by us; (3) categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information; (4) categories of third parties with whom we disclosed Personal Information; and (5) specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you.
Right to Delete
. Subject to certain exceptions, you may submit a verifiable request that we delete Personal Information about you that we have collected from you. We maintain a record of such request as required by the CCPA.
Right to Correct
. You have the right to correct inaccurate Personal Information that we maintain about you.
Verification
. Requests for access, deletion, or correction of Personal Information are subject to our ability to reasonably verify your identity in light of the information requested pursuant to relevant CCPA requirements, limitations, and regulations. Mastercard is committed to secure personal information. When consumers exercise their privacy rights through the My Data portal, a two-step verification will enable their account to be guarded by an extra layer of security. In addition to their email, name, and surname, we require additional verification through the second factor of authentication that they have chosen (mobile one-time passcode or security answer) during registration. Before disclosing information, we also ask consumers to respond to specific questions about the products they use and that are in scope of their privacy request. Similarly, when consumers reach out to Mastercard via email, we verify their identity by using their contact information (email, name, and surname) and specific questions about the products they use.
Right to Opt Out
. In some circumstances, you may opt out of the sale of Personal Information.
Right to Equal Service and Price
. You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your CCPA privacy rights, subject to certain limitations. We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise your rights, except where the different price or level of quality of good or service is reasonably related to the value of the data that we receive from you.
Submit Requests
.
To
exercise your rights
under the CCPA (other than the right to opt out of the sale of your Personal Information), please submit your request on Mastercard’s “
My Data
” portal, email us at
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
, or call our toll-free number: 1-833-244-4084.
To
opt out of the sale of your Personal Information
under the CCPA, and to exercise your rights under the CCPA with respect to your Personal Information processed by Ekata, Inc. (a Mastercard affiliate), please submit your request on Ekata’s website at
https://privacyrequests.ekata.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
, email us at
privacysupport@ekata.com
, or call our toll-free number at 1-833-253-6487.
Authorizing an Agent
. If you are acting as an authorized agent to make a request to know, delete, correct, or opt out on behalf of a California resident, you may submit a request on Mastercard’s “
My Data
” portal, email us at
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
, or call our toll-free number: 1-833-244-4084. Please note that we will require you to attach a written authorization signed by the resident whose Personal Information will be subject to the request.
CCPA Metrics
Each calendar year, we compile various metrics describing how we have complied with requests to delete, access, correct, and opt-out of sale or sharing. To view these metrics please visit the “
My Data
” portal.
Additional disclosures for U.S. residents, other than California Residents
If you are a U.S. resident from whom we collect Personal Data  as a controller, you may have certain rights under an applicable U.S. state privacy law. You may rely on the disclosures in the
Global Privacy Notice
regarding how we
collect
,
use
, and
disclose
your personal information as well as the
choices you can make
related to your personal information.
Collection and Sale of your Personal Information to Other Parties
We sell your Personal Information. However, we only sell your Personal Information for fraud prevention and identity verification purposes. With respect to Personal Information that we sell, we have collected such Personal Information from Resellers (consumer data brokers).
We do not “share” Personal Information with third parties for targeted advertising.
Your Rights and Choices
In addition to the rights identified in Section 4 (“
Your Rights and Choices
”)  above, you may have the right to opt out of the processing of the personal information for purposes of (i) targeted advertising, (ii) the sale of personal information, or (iii) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you; where applicable, the right to question the result of the profiling, to be informed of the reason the profiling resulted in the decision and, if feasible, to be informed of what actions might have been taken to secure a different decision and the actions that might be taken to secure a different decision in the future; the right to review the data used in the profiling, and if the decision is determined to have been based on inaccurate personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purpose of the processing, the right to have the data corrected and the profiling decision reevaluated based upon the corrected data;and the right to appeal a decision we make with respect to your privacy rights.
You (or, where permitted by law, your authorized agent) can exercise your rights on Mastercard’s “
My Data
” portal or by submitting a request as described in Section 7 (“
Authorizing an Agent
”) of the Additional Disclosures for California Residents above.
In addition, you may exercise your right to opt out of the sale of Personal Data  processed by Ekata, Inc. (a Mastercard affiliate) by submitting your request on Ekata’s website at
https://privacyrequests.ekata.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
, emailing us at
privacysupport@ekata.com
, or calling our toll-free number at 1-833-253-6487.
Please refer to
Section 7
of the Additional Disclosures for California Residents above for more information on exercising these rights.
Get a printable version of our U.S. Global Privacy Notice
Download
Manage cookies
How we use cookies
We use cookies to improve the site, measure performance, understand our audience, enhance your experience and provide you with advertising based on your browsing activities and interests on this and other sites. You can always change your preferences or opt out at the bottom of the site. Please note some of the cookies we use are essential for the parts of the site to operate. See “Manage Cookies” for details.
Reject all
Accept cookies
Manage cookies
Your privacy
Strictly necessary cookies
Performance cookies
Functionality cookies
Advertising cookies
Your privacy
Our site uses cookies and other similar technologies like pixel tags and web beacons. A cookie is a small piece of data that a website asks your browser to store on your computer or mobile device. Cookies allow a site to "remember" your actions or preferences over time. So when you visit our site, the cookies may store or retrieve information on your browser, which may be about you, your preferences and/or your device. We use cookies, as well as third-party cookies, to operate and improve the site, measure our audience, enhance your experience and provide you with content and advertising tailored to your interests based on your browsing activities and actions on this and other sites. For instance, cookies enable us to assess how many users access or use our service, which content, products, and features of our service most interest our users, what types of content our users like to see, and how our service performs from a technical point of view.
Click on the different category headings to manage your cookie preferences and find out more about the cookies we use and why. Click on Allow All if you want all cookies enabled (although essential cookies are always enabled). Please keep in mind that if you do not accept certain cookies, it may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
If you have questions about the way we use cookies, please contact us at
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
.
Always Active
These cookies are strictly necessary for the site to work properly and cannot be disabled in our systems. These cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. We do not always process personal data when we place essential cookies. In the instances we do, we rely on the following legal basis for processing: they are necessary to make the site function for you to view. Please note that you can set your browser to block these cookies, but this may affect how the site functions.
OneTrust cookies
Always Active
Akamai website security cookies
Always Active
Load balancing, network and session management cookies
Always Active
Marketing opt-out cookie
Always Active
DXP library cookie
Always Active
CloudFoundry bot management
Always Active
NU Security Captcha
Always Active
Cookies Details‎
Performance cookies
These cookies help improve our site by collecting and reporting information on how you use it. This information enables us to improve site performance, correct any errors, and provide a quality user experience. For instance, it helps us understand how long you spend on the site and from where you are accessing it, and also helps us see if you have visited our sites before so we can identify the number of unique users we receive.
Adobe Experience Cloud
Switch Label
ZoomInfo formComplete
Switch Label
Cookies Details‎
Functionality cookies
These cookies enable our site to remember choices you make, for example, the language you select, or to enable services, such as viewing videos. These cookies allow us to tailor the site to you and provide enhanced functionality.  Without these cookies, certain functionalities may not be available.
Pardot
Switch Label
Cookies Details‎
Advertising cookies
These cookies are used to analyze your interests and preferences to show you relevant ads on this site and other sites based on your browsing habits and activity. They may be placed through our site by third-party data or advertising companies that we partner with, or other service providers. Social media cookies and other tools enable you to connect or interact with social media sites and offerings and may track your activities and interests.
If you choose to turn off these cookies, you may experience less relevant advertising. Note that you may still see ads about Mastercard on the Internet based on your visits and actions on other sites not related to Mastercard.
DoubleClick/Floodlight
Switch Label
Facebook_Pixel
Switch Label
Linkedin
Switch Label
ZoomInfo pixel
Switch Label
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel