Više o našim Politikama zaštite privatnosti te Politikama kolačića možete pročitati ovdje:
Politika zaštite privatnosti
,
Politika kolačića
.
Korištenje kolačića može dovesti do prijenosa podataka u zemlje izvan područja EU.
Uz vaš pristanak, mi i
naš 885 partneri
koristimo kolačiće ili slične tehnologije za pohranu, pristup i obradu osobnih podataka kao što su Vaša posjeta ovoj web stranici, IP adrese i identifikatori kolačića. Neki partneri ne traže Vaš pristanak za obradu Vaših podataka i oslanjaju se na svoj legitimni poslovni interes. Možete povući svoj pristanak ili se usprotiviti obradi podataka na temelju legitimnog interesa u bilo kojem trenutku klikom na "Saznajte više" ili u našoj Pravilima o privatnosti na ovoj web stranici.
Mi i naši partneri obrađujemo podatke kako slijedi:
Personalizirano oglašavanje i sadržaj, mjerenje oglašavanja i sadržaja, uvidi u publiku i razvoj usluga
, Pohrana i/ili pristup podacima na uređaju
, Precizni geolokacijski podaci i identifikacija putem skeniranja uređaja
Saznaj više
Prihvati i zatvori
Pravila privatnosti
Politika zaštite privatnosti
Ova pravila su objavljena 28.1.2019.
Pravila su zadnji puta revidirana 23.5.2024.
24sata d.o.o. posvećuje veliku važnost zaštiti osobnih podataka naših korisnika. Politika zaštite privatnosti uređuje način postupanja s informacijama koje 24sata d.o.o. prikuplja, obrađuje odnosno pohranjuje kada se posjete naše internet stranice 24sata.hr, miss7.hr, missMAMA.hr, missZDRAVA.hr, autostart.hr, joomboos.hr, express.hr, gastro.hr.
Obrada osobnih podataka koji se prikupljaju, obrađuju i pohranjuju nakon posjeta našim Internet stranicama temelji se uvijek na propisanim pravnim osnovama, sve sukladno važećim propisima Republike Hrvatske i EU. U svakom pojedinom slučaju kada dodatno obrađujemo vaše osobne podatke dat ćemo vam obavijest kako o pravnoj osnovi na kojoj u tom slučaju obrađujemo iste tako i o vašim pravima vezanim uz zaštitu osobnih podataka.
Voditelj obrade vaših osobnih podataka je : 24sata d.o.o.
Našeg službenika za zaštitu podataka možete dobiti na:
zop@24sata.hr
ili
zopcentral@styria.hr
Prikupljanje i obrada osobnih podataka
Osobnim podacima smatraju se oni podaci koji vas identificiraju ili mogu identificirati (poput imena, spola, adrese, e-maila, IP adrese, poštanske adrese i dr.). 24sata d.o.o. prikuplja vaše osobne podatke u slučaju kada ste nam ih učinili dostupnima (npr. prilikom naručivanja proizvoda ili pretplate, davanja privole), te kada je to nužno da bismo ispunili neku obvezu koja proizlazi iz važećih  propisa ili ugovora ili na temelju legitimnog interesa.
Korištenje i otkrivanje odnosno prijenos osobnih podataka
24sata d.o.o. koristit će vaše osobne podatke za potrebe tehničkog upravljanja internetskim stranicama, analize preferencija, dostave općih i individualiziranih ponuda te za potrebe znanstvenog istraživanja i primjene novih tehnologija (poput strojnog učenja i umjetne inteligencije) u svrhu optimizacije korisničkog iskustva i osobne analize sadržaja, sve s ciljem da vam se omogući pristup posebnim i očekivanim informacijama te za potrebe komunikacije s vama.
Obavještavamo vas da je moguće da vaše osobne podatke učinimo dostupnima i drugim društvima unutar Styria Media Grupe te našim klijentima i partnerima, a sve s ciljem ispunjenja svrhe za koju su osobni podaci prikupljeni te s kojom vas upoznajemo u ovoj Politici zaštite privatnosti. Također, 24sata d.o.o. savjetuje svim roditeljima i skrbnicima da djecu poduče o tome kako sigurno i odgovorno postupati s osobnim podacima na internetu. Usluge koje pružamo nisu namijenjene osobama mlađim od 16 godina, ali za podatke koje prikupljamo ili obrađujemo ne možemo znati da li se odnose na osobe mlađe od 16 godina.
Politika vezana uz korištenje i pohranjivanje Kolačića (HTTP cookies)
Naše internet stranice koje posjećujete koriste kolačiće. Kolačićima se smatraju datoteke male veličine koje se privremeno pohranjuju na vašemu tvrdom disku, što našoj internet stranici omogućava prepoznavanje vašega računala prilikom sljedećeg posjeta stranice 24sata d.o.o.
Više o kolačićima možete saznati u našim
Politici kolačića
.
Newsletter i pretplata
24 sata d.o.o. može obrađivati i vaš osobni podatak kao što je e-mail adresa. Spomenuto samo ukoliko ste nam dali privolu za slanje newslettera. U potonjem slučaju možemo vam poslati elektronički bilten s komercijalnim sadržajem za oglašavanje. Podatke koje ste nam dostavili kako biste se pretplatili na Newsletter koristit će se samo za slanje Newslettera. Ukoliko želite odustati od pretplate na Newsletter, to možete učiniti u bilo kojem trenutku putem opcije otkazivanja pretplate koja se nalazi u Newsletteru. U slučaju otkazivanja pretplate, osobne podatke koje smo prikupili u tu svrhu prestat ćemo obrađivati. Moramo napomenuti kako spomenuti postupak neće utjecati na valjanost podataka koji su ranije prikupljeni na temelju dane privole.
Prikupljene podatke pohranjujemo samo za razdoblje tijekom kojeg primate bilten i niste otkazali vašu privolu za primanje istoga.
24sata d.o.o. u određenim situacijama sukladno važećim propisima vezanim uz zaštitu osobnih podataka, ali i propisa koji uređuju područje elektroničkih komunikacija, može obrađivati i vašu e mail adresu i na temelju legitimnog interesa. Navedeno samo u iznimnim slučajevima, primjerice ukoliko ste naš korisnik, ugovorili ste neku od naših usluga i sl. Svakako napominjemo kako u slučaju da se vaši podaci obrađuju na temelju legitimnog interesa možete u bilo kojem trenutku prigovoriti obradi ili ostvariti neko od svojih prava. U svakoj situaciji u kojoj se vaši podaci obrađuju na ovaj način bit ćete adekvatno, dodatno obaviješteni o istome.
AWeber Systems, Inc.  je naš partner u postupku slanja i primanja newslettera. Radi  funkcioniranja servisa i sprečavanja zloupotrebe prikupljaju se i dijele sljedeći podaci: IP adresa, država, grad, poštanski broj, geografska širina, geografska dužina, regija, datum i vrijeme prijave na newsletter. Spomenuti podaci se spremaju na rok od 3 godine. Više o njihovim pravilima zaštite osobnih podataka pogledajte na:
https://www.aweber.com/privacy.htm
. Aweber Systems, Inc. Možete kontaktirati putem e-maila:
help@aweber.com
ili na adresu 1100 Manor Drive Chalfont, PA 18914, USA.
U slučaju da vam naš Newsletter bude dostavljen od strane našeg poslovnog partnera, obavještavamo vas da naš poslovni partner također štiti sigurnost vaših podataka odgovarajućim, najsuvremenijim tehničkim i organizacijskim mjerama. Naši poslovni partner ne smiju koristiti osobne podatke u druge svrhe, osim onih za koje ste im dali privolu ili se obrađuju radi izvršenja ugovora ili njihove druge obveze.
Usluge akvizicije, pretplate i pozivnog centra za potrebe pretplatničkog odnosa sa pretplatnicima na izdanja 24sata d.o.o. u ime i za račun 24sata d.o.o. vrši trgovačko društvo Styria medijski servisi d.o.o. sa sjedištem u Zagrebu, Oreškovićeva 3D, OIB: 29005509482, koje je u tom slučaju izvršitelj obrade osobnih podataka. Dakle , postoji mogućnost da se vaši osobni podaci dijele i s navedenim društvom.
Registracija na web portal
Za potrebe registracije korisnika na web portalu 24sata.hr prikupljaju se sljedeći osobni podaci: e-mail adresa, ime i prezime, korisničko ime, ime na zaslonu. Osim navedenih podataka, u sklopu korištenja funkcionalnosti komentiranja sadržaja članaka web portala 24sata.hr od strane korisnika, prikupljaju se podaci o upisanim komentarima registriranih korisnika, označavanje komentara korisnika (tzv. „flagiranje“) i slično. Podaci se koriste isključivo u svrhu registracije korisnika na web portal 24sata.hr i korištenja funkcionalnosti komentiranja članaka te se isti mogu promijeniti ili izbrisati na korisničkom profilu ili na zahtjev na e-mail adresu: podrska@24sata.hr. Svi podaci koje od vas tražimo nisu određeni kao obvezni. Primjerice, prilikom registracije korisnik može u neobavezno polje popuniti podatak o spolu i/ili rođenja. U potonjem slučaju možete dati pristanak na korištenje navedenih podataka u svrhu ciljanog oglašavanja.
U slučaju registracije korisnika putem društvenih mreža, za potrebe iste prikupljaju se podaci kao što su: ime, prezime, fotografija s društvenih mreža koju ste učinili dostupnom, država iz koje se korisnik registrira, ID korisnika društvene mreže, te vremenska zona iz koje se vrši registracija. Navedene se informacije bilježe i prilikom svake registracije korisnika. Sve podatke koji su prilikom registracijskog postupka određeni kao obvezni prikupljamo kako bismo mogli ispuniti naše obveze koje smo se obvezali pružati u slučaju registracije na web portalu.
Akt o digitalnim uslugama (Digital Services Act) i obrada osobnih podataka
24 sata d.o.o. kao voditelj obrade obrađuje podatke o imenu i e-mail adresi korisnika radi poštivanja pravnih obveza voditelja obrade koje proistječu iz Akta o digitalnim uslugama(Digital Services Act). U slučaju da korisnik dostavi i druge podatke napominjemo kako će i oni biti obrađeni.
Svi podaci se prikupljaju u skladu sa Aktom o digitalnim uslugama i to kao posljedica određenog postupanja odnosno omogućavanja korisnicima da mogu putem alata dostupnog na internet stranicama 24 sata d.o.o. dostaviti obavijest o prisutnosti informacija na internet stranicama 24 sata d.o.o. koje korisnik smatra nezakonitim sadržajem. Navedena obavijest treba sadržavati (sadrži):
a) potkrijepljeno obrazloženje zašto korisnik navodi da su dotične informacije nezakonit sadržaj,
b) naznaku točne elektroničke lokacije informacije (točan URL) te prema potrebi dodatne informacije koje omogućuju identifikaciju nezakonitog sadržaja,
c) ime i e-mail adresu podnositelja obavijesti i
d) izjavu kojom se potvrđuje da korisnik koji podnosi obavijest to čini u dobroj vjeri te da su informacije i navodi koje sadržava točni i potpuni.
Korisnik putem predviđenog alata nije obvezan navesti svoje ime i e-mail adresu, odnosno obavijest može biti i anonimna.
Na dostavljenu e-mail adresu voditelj obrade će poslati korisniku obavijest o svojoj odluci navodeći informacije o mogućnostima pravne zaštite u pogledu te odluke i činjenici da su za obradu i/ili donošenje odluke korištena automatska sredstva (ako su takva sredstva korištena). Također, ukoliko je 24 sata d.o.o. poduzeo određene mjere prema korisniku čiji je sadržaj prijavljen i njemu će se poslati obavijest pri čemu će doći svakako do obrade podataka i tijekom ovog dijela postupka, ali i kasnije kada oba korsnika imaju pravo podnijeti pritužbu na donesenu odluku.
Svi podaci koji će biti dostupni 24 sata d.o.o. tijekom spomenutih postupaka će se čuvati 5 godina od okončanja postupka, osim onih podataka za koje važeći propisi propisuju duži rok pohranjivanja.
Važno je uz sve dodatno napomenuti kako će primatelji podataka uz HAKOM ili druga nadležna EU tijela kojem/kojima se podnosi i anonimizirano izvješće moguće biti i druga nadležna tijela (primjerice tijela kaznenog progona) jer je 24 sata d.o.o. dužan o bilo kojoj sumnji na počinjenje kaznenog djela i/ili drugo kršenje propisa o istome obavijestiti nadležna tijela.
U sklopu spomenute prijave mogu biti dostavljeni ime i e-mail adresa koje je korisnik naveo u obavijesti o prisutnosti informacija na internet stranicama 24 sata d.o.o. koje korisnik smatra nezakonitim sadržajem. Uz navedeno nadležnim tijelima mogu biti dostavljene sve informacije koje voditelj obrade posjeduje (ima) o korisniku.
Obrada osobnih podataka putem aplikacije 24sata
24sata ne upravlja direktno kolačićima koji se koriste kroz web view (instanca preglednika u aplikaciji).
Prilikom korištenja aplikacije, aplikacija sama ili putem trećih strana prikuplja osobne podatke kao što je IP adresa, podatak koji identificira vaš uređaj i lokaciju. Također, možete nam reći što vas zanima (koja vrsta vijesti). Navedene podatke obrađujemo kako bismo vam slali (pružali) oglase i sadržaje prilagođene samo vama.
Ovisno o korisnikovom uređaju i njegovim zadanim postavkama, ova aplikacija može zatražiti određena dopuštenja koja joj omogućuju pristup podacima korisničkog uređaja kako je opisano u nastavku.
Prema zadanim postavkama, korisnik mora odobriti spomenuta dopuštenja (dati privolu) prije nego što može pristupiti odgovarajućim informacijama. Nakon što je korisnik dao dopuštenje može ga i opozvati u bilo kojem trenutku.
Način na koji korisnik može davati dopuštenja vezana uz aplikaciju može ovisiti o uređaju i softveru korisnika.
Za što 24sata traži odobrenje?
Dopuštenje za prikupljanje podataka o lokaciji
Koristi se za pristup približnoj lokaciji korisnika. Aplikacija može prikupljati, koristiti i dijeliti podatke o lokaciji korisnika kako bi pružala usluge temeljene na lokaciji.
Dopuštenje za korištenje kamere
Koristi se za pristup kameri ili za snimanje slika i videozapisa s uređaja.
Dopuštenje za korištenje mikrofona
Omogućuje pristup i snimanje zvuka mikrofona s korisnikovog uređaja.
Dopuštenje za račune društvenih mreža
Koristi se za pristup korisničkim profilima računa društvenih mreža (Facebook i Google).
Kada govorimo o obradi vaših podataka putem aplikacije 24sata moramo naglasiti i kako se obrada podataka može razlikovati u slučaju da koristite mobilni uređaj marke Huawei. 24sata koristi sljedeće servise huaweiCore, huaweiAds, huaweiAccount, huaweiAnalytics, huaweiCrash, huaweiBase, huawei Opendevice , huaweiPush , huaweiAppMessaging. Pravni osnov obrade podataka putem ovih servisa je privola. Kako Huawei štiti vaše podatke saznajte na
https://www.huawei.com/en/privacy-policy
. Također, molimo vas da obratite pažnju prilikom skidanja aplikacije i na posebnu obavijest vezano uz zaštitu osobnih podataka koju će vam pružiti Huawei. Za sva pitanja i nejasnoće uvijek se možete obratiti našem službeniku za zaštitu podataka
zop@24sata.hr
ili
zopcentral@styria.hr
.
Slanje vijesti putem forme "Pošalji vijest"
Ukoliko nam šaljete vijest putem UGC forme (“Pošalji vijest”) ustupate nam vaše osobne podatke kao što je ime, prezime, broj mobitela te sadržaj vijesti (tekst, slika, video). Vaši osobni podaci koriste se isključivo u svrhu eventualnog kontaktiranja te moguće isplate honorara.
Kako bismo vam isplatili honorar, u tim slučajevima, moramo obrađivati vaše osobne podatke kao što je ime, prezime, adresa, osobni identifikacijski broj, datum rođenja, dan početka suradnje, dan prestanka suradnje, podatke o honoraru, broj bankovnog računa, porezni status. Spomenuti podaci dijelit će se s našim računovodstvom te se čuvaju kroz razdoblje od 11 godina sukladno članku 10. Zakona o računovodstvu (NN 78/2015, 134/2015, 120/2016, 116/2018).
Vremenska prognoza
Za potrebe funkcionalnosti vremenske prognoze prikuplja se podatak o mjestu stanovanja (lokaciji) radi ispravnog prikazivanja vremenske prognoze prilikom sljedeće posjete korisnika. Registriranim korisnicima se podatak zapisuje u korisničkom profilu gdje se može izmijeniti ili obrisati.
Podatak o mjestu stanovanja se može obrisati i na zahtjev na e-mail adresu:
podrska@24sata.hr
. Neko od svojih prava vezanih uz zaštitu osobnih podataka možete ostvariti i kontaktiranjem našeg službenika za zaštitu podataka na
zop@24sata.hr
ili
zopcentral@styria.hr
.
Za neregistrirane korisnike koji na portalu odaberu mjesto stanovanja podatak o mjestu stanovanja se privremeno zapisuje u pregledniku korisnika kako bi bio dostupan prilikom sljedeće posjete. Taj podatak je anoniman i ne može se na bilo koji način povezati s identitetom korisnika te se može obrisati prilikom brisanja kolačića u pregledniku.
MISS7 CLUB
Miss7 CLUB je funkcionalnost dostupna isključivo registriranim korisnicima portala miss7.24sata.hr. Za potrebe Miss7 CLUB-a prikupljaju se sljedeći podaci: email, datum rođenja, spol, adresa i mjesto stanovanja. Podaci se koriste u svrhu pristupa nagradnim natječajima i različitim promocijama. Korisnici Miss7 CLUB-a mogu ostvariti različite popuste i/ili osvojiti karte za koncerte, premijere, radionice i druženja s poznatima. Mjesto stanovanja odnosno adresu prikupljamo za slanje magazina miss7 na kućnu adresu. Podaci se mogu promijeniti ili izbrisati u korisničkom profilu ili na zahtjev na e-mail adresu;
podrska@24sata.hr
.
Sigurnost
24sata d.o.o. ulaže velike napore kako bi se osigurala sigurnost osobnih podataka te usklađenost s važećim propisima o zaštiti podataka (poput Opće uredbe o zaštiti podataka, Zakona o provedbi opće uredbe o zaštiti podataka i dr.). Napominjemo kako su vaši podaci savjesno zaštićeni od gubitka, uništenja, manipulacije, neovlaštenoga pristupa i/ ili nezakonite obrade.
Naši zaposlenici obvezni su poštivati povjerljivost vaših podataka i pridržavati se općih akata 24sata d.o.o. Također, 24sata d.o.o. koristi najsuvremenije tehničke i organizacijske zaštitne mjere kako bi osiguralo sigurnost vaših osobnih podataka.
Rok pohranjivanja
Pohranjujemo vaše podatke do isteka roka od 3 (tri) godine računajući od isteka ugovornog odnosa, osim onih podataka za koje važeći propisi propisuju duži rok pohranjivanja (primjerice 11 godine u slučaju primjene propisa vezanih uz i iz Općeg poreznog zakona).
U slučaju da vaše podatke prikupljamo na temelju privole istu ćemo od vas ponovno tražiti protekom 12 mjeseci od kada je ista dana odnosno od kada su zadnji puta promijenjene vaše preferencije vezano uz uporabu kolačića i obradu podataka putem istih.
Prava korisnika
Korisnik odlučuje koje podatke o sebi čini dostupnim 24sata d.o.o. U slučaju promjene bilo kojeg vašeg osobnog podatka molimo vas da nas o promjenama obavijestite na e-mail adresu:
podrska@24sata.hr
kako bismo ispravili ili ažurirali vaše osobne podatke.
Imajte na umu da od 24sata d.o.o. možete u bilo kojem trenutku zatražiti sljedeće:
da vam omogući pristup vašim osobnim podacima
24sata d.o.o. možete pitati koje vaše osobne podatke koristi, a možete tražiti i pristup tim osobnim podacima. Imate pravo znati svrhu obrade, koje kategorije vaših osobnih podataka čuvamo, tijela ili kategorije tijela s kojima vaše osobne podatke dijelimo, razdoblje zadržavanja podataka, kao i izvor podataka u slučaju kada se podaci neizravno prikupljaju.
da vam osigura kopiju osobnih podataka koje čuvamo
Možete nas kontaktirati ukoliko želite kopiju nekih ili svih osobnih podataka koje čuvamo o vama.
zatražiti ispravak pogrešnih podataka
Želimo da su vaše osobne informacije točne i ažurne. Možete nas tražiti da ispravimo ili uklonimo informacije koje mislite da su netočne ili zastarjele.
zatražiti brisanje osobnih podataka
Možete tražiti od 24sata d.o.o. da zaustavi obradu ili čak brisanje vaših osobnih podataka. Ukoliko vaše osobne podatke trebamo za obavljanje neke ugovorne obveze prema vama, 24sata d.o.o. bi mogao prestati biti sposoban za izvođenje takvih ugovornih obveza. Također, ukoliko su vaši osobni podaci potrebni kako bi mogli ostvariti određene zakonske obveze (npr. porezne obveze), vaš zahtjev se možda neće moći ostvariti.
Ograničavanje pristupa vašim podacima (nama i/ili trećim osobama) u određenim procesima ili u potpunosti
Ukoliko želite pobijati točnost podataka, ili više ne trebamo osobne podatke za svrhu obrade, ali su oni vama potrebni za uspostavljanje, izvršenje ili obradu pravnih zahtjeva ili ste se protivili obradi po osnovi koju smatramo legitimnom, imate pravo tražiti ograničavanje obrade osobnih podataka.
podnijeti prigovor na način kako koristimo vaše podatke
Sjetite se da imate pravo na prigovor obradi osobnih podataka koja se temelji na pravnoj osnovi koju 24sata d.o.o. smatra legitimnom.
zahtijevati prijenos podataka drugom vršitelju obrade (prenosivost prava)
Ukoliko se obrada temelji na vašem pristanku ili se vrši automatskim sredstvima, imate pravo tražiti od 24sata d.o.o. prijenos podataka drugom vršitelju obrade.
Ovim putem vas još jednom obavještavamo kako imate pravo povući danu privolu u bilo kojem trenutku, na način da nas obavijestite na e-mail adresu: podrska@24sata.hr ili u pisanom ili drugom elektroničkom obliku ili usmenim putem. Privolu uvijek možete povući jednako lako kao što ste ju i dali. Napominjemo kako će sve obrade i/ili prijenosi učinjeni do datuma povlačenja privole ostati pravno valjani.
Neko od svojih prava vezanih uz zaštitu osobnih podataka možete ostvariti i kontaktiranjem našeg službenika za zaštitu podataka na zop@24sata.hr ili zopcentral@styria.hr .
U slučaju da ste odlučili da ne želite dijeliti svoje podatke, molimo vas uvažite kako možda nećete moći pristupiti nekim dijelovima naših internet stranica odnosno web portala. Korisnici koji odluče da više ne žele primati naše usluge mogu se odjaviti od primanja obavijesti i newslettera na način da odustanu od pretplate na našoj stranici, slanjem e-mail obavijesti na podrska@24sata.hr
Automatizirana obrada
Napominjemo kako se neki podaci (poput vrste internetskoga preglednika koji rabite, broja posjeta, prosječnog vremena provedenog na stranicama, pregledavani sadržaj i slični) obrađuju automatski prilikom pristupa internet stranicama 24sata d.o.o. Navedeni podaci se koriste u svrhu procjene privlačnosti naše internet stranice. Napominjemo kako korisnik ima pravo da se na njega ne odnosi odluka koja se temelji isključivo na automatiziranoj obradi, osim ako je takva odluka potrebna za sklapanje ili izvršenje ugovora između korisnika i 24sata d.o.o., dopuštena hrvatskim pravom ili pravom Unije ili temeljena na izričitoj privoli korisnika.
Drugi partneri
24sata d.o.o. koristi usluge društva Piano Software Inc. koje također može prikupljati vaše osobne podatke kao što su: ime i prezime, email adresa, datum rođenja, spol i adresa. Pravni osnov za obradu ove kategorije podataka u svrhu pretplate na newsletter te kupnje pristupa člancima na web mjestu 24sata je izvršavanje obveze voditelja obrade vezano uz ugovor koji se sklapa s ispitanikom s obzirom da se usluga plaća.
Podaci koji se prikupljaju putem sučelja društva Piano Software Inc. čuvat će se do trenutka prestanka korištenja usluge, iznimno duže kada se radi o poštivanju važećih propisa kojih se 24sata mora pridržavati (primjerice podaci o računu čuvaju se 12 godina, podaci o ostvarivanju prava ispitanika trajno).
Voditelj obrade potpisao je poseban ugovor o obradi i dijeljenju podataka s društvom Piano Software Inc. Ukoliko vas zanimaju detalji vezano uz spomenuti ugovor obratite se našem službeniku za zaštitu podataka na
zop@24sata.hr
ili
zopcentral@styria.hr
.
Više podataka o politici zaštite osobnih podataka društva Piano Software Inc. možete pronaći na:
https://piano.io/gdpr/
Primjedbe vezane uz obradu osobnih podataka od strane društva Piano Software Inc. možete uputiti na email adresu:
security@piano.io
24sata d.o.o. koristi usluge društva Modus Infinitum d.o.o. koje također može prikupljati vaše osobne podatke kao što su: e-mail adresa i podatak o vašoj kupnji kod partnera integriranih u sustav PALM aplikacije za popuste. Navedeno društvo podatke prikuplja u svojstvu izvršitelja obrade za društvo 24sata d.o.o. kao voditelja obrade. Pravni osnov za obradu ove kategorije podataka u marketinške svrhe društva 24sata d.o.o. je legitimni interes. Svakako napominjemo kako u slučaju da se vaši podaci obrađuju na temelju legitimnog interesa možete u bilo kojem trenutku prigovoriti obradi ili ostvariti neko od svojih prava.
Podaci koji se prikupljaju putem aplikacije društva Modus Infinitum d.o.o. čuvat će se do trenutka prestanka korištenja usluge. Voditelj obrade ugovorom je regulirao obradu i dijeljenje podataka s društvom Modus Infinitum d.o.o.. Ukoliko vas zanimaju detalji vezano uz spomenuti ugovor obratite se našem službeniku za zaštitu podataka na
zop@24sata.hr
ili
zopcentral@styria.hr
.
Više podataka o politici zaštite osobnih podataka društva Modus Infinitum d.o.o. možete pronaći na:
http://www.modusinfinitum.eu/
Primjedbe vezane uz obradu osobnih podataka od strane društva Modus Infinitum d.o.o.  možete uputiti na email adresu: helpdesk@modusinfinitum.eu.
Veze s drugim stranicama
Ova politika o zaštiti privatnosti odnosi se na početnu stranicu domaćina 24sata d.o.o. Navedene stranice mogu sadržavati veze s drugim davateljima usluga te se na njih ista ne odnosi . Prilikom napuštanja internet stranice 24sata d.o.o., molimo Vas da se upoznate s izjavama o politici zaštite privatnosti na svakoj internet stranici koja prikuplja osobne podatke.
Svakako moramo naglasiti kako se ova Politika primjenjuje i na miss7.hr, missMAMA.hr, missZDRAVA.hr, autostart.hr, joomboos.hr, express.hr, gastro.hr
Podaci koje o Vama prikuplja Google LLC
24sata d.o.o. koristi usluge koje pruža tvrtka Google LLC i njena povezana društva, uključujući YouTube, Android i usluge koje se pružaju na web-lokacijama trećih strana, primjerice usluge oglašavanja (dalje u tekstu: Google).
24sata d.o.o. je dužan obavijestiti svoje korisnike i o podacima koje prikuplja Google pružajući svoje usluge drugim pravnim i fizičkim osobama.
Podaci koje Google prikuplja uključuje jedinstvene identifikatore, vrstu i postavke preglednika, vrstu i postavke uređaja, operativni sustav, podatke o mobilnoj mreži koje uključuju naziv operatera i telefonski broj te broj verzije aplikacije.
Nadalje, Google prikuplja podatke o interakciji aplikacija, preglednika i uređaja s Google uslugama, uključujući IP adresu, izvješća o rušenju, aktivnost sustava te datum, vrijeme i URL preporuke za zahtjev ispitanika.
Google prikuplja podatke kada neka Googleova usluga na vašem uređaju kontaktira Google poslužitelje -primjerice kada instalirate aplikaciju iz Trgovine Play ili kada usluga provjerava jesu li dostupna automatska ažuriranja. Ako upotrebljavate Android uređaj s Googleovim aplikacijama, vaš uređaj povremeno kontaktira Googleove poslužitelje radi davanja podataka o uređaju i povezivanja s našim uslugama. To uključuje podatke kao što su vrsta uređaja, naziv mobilnog operatera, izvješća o rušenju i aplikacije koje ste instalirali.
Podaci o vašim aktivnostima
Podatke o vašim aktivnostima na Google uslugama Google prikuplja kako bi vam na temelju njih primjerice preporučili videozapis na YouTubeu koji bi vam se mogao svidjeti. Podaci o aktivnostima koje Google prikuplja mogu uključivati:
pojmove koje tražite
videozapise koje gledate
prikaze sadržaja i oglasa te interakciju s njima
podaci o glasovnoj i audio aktivnosti prilikom upotrebe audio značajki
aktivnosti kupnje
osobe s kojima komunicirate i dijelite sadržaj
aktivnosti na web-lokacijama i u aplikacijama treće strane koje upotrebljavaju naše usluge
-povijest pregledavanja u Chrome-u koju ste sinkronizirali sa svojim Google računom.
Ukoliko Google usluge upotrebljavate za upućivanje i primanje poziva ili slanje i primanje poruka, Google može prikupljati podatke telefonskog zapisnika kao što su vaš telefonski broj, broj koji ste nazvali, broj koji je primio poziv, brojeve na koje su pozivi preusmjereni, vrijeme i datum poziva i poruka, trajanje poziva, podatke o usmjeravanju i vrste poziva.
Na svojem Google računu možete pronaći podatke o aktivnosti koje su spremljene na vaš račun i upravljati njima.
Podaci o lokaciji
Podatke o vašoj lokaciji Google prikuplja kada upotrebljavate specifične Google usluge. Vaša se lokacija može odrediti uz različite razine preciznosti na temelju:
GPS-a
IP adresa
podataka senzora na uređaju
podataka o stvarima u blizini uređaja kao što su Wi-Fi pristupne točke, mobilni odašiljači i uređaji s omogućenim Bluetoothom.
U nekim okolnostima Google prikuplja podatke o vama i iz javno dostupnih izvora.
Na primjer, ako se vaše ime pojavi u lokalnim novinama, Googleova tražilica može indeksirati taj članak i prikazati ga drugim korisnicima kada pretražuju vaše ime.
Važno je napomenuti da podatke o vama Google može prikupljati i od pouzdanih partnera, uključujući marketinške partnere koji pružaju podatke o mogućim korisnicima Google poslovnih usluga i partnera za sigurnost koji nam pružaju podatke za zaštitu od zlouporabe kao i oglašivača radi pružanja oglasa i usluga istraživanja u njihovo ime.
U koje svrhe Google prikuplja vaše podatke
Vaše podatke Google može upotrebljavati kako bi osigurao ispravan rad usluga, primjerice praćenjem zastoja ili rješavanjem poteškoća koje prijavite.
Nadalje, Google podatke upotrebljava u analitičke i mjerne svrhe.
Na primjer, Google analizira podatke o vašim posjetima Google web-lokacijama te upotrebljava i podatke o oglasima s kojima ste stupili u interakciju.
Kada posjetite web-lokacije koje upotrebljavaju Google Analytics, Google i korisnik Google Analyticsa Google može povezati podatke o vašoj aktivnosti na toj web lokaciji s aktivnostima na drugim web-lokacijama koje upotrebljavaju Google usluge oglašavanja. Prikupljene podatke, kao što je adresa elektroničke pošte, Google upotrebljava za izravnu interakciju s vama. Na primjer, može vam poslati obavijest ako otkrije sumnjivu aktivnost, primjerice pokušaj prijave na vaš Google račun s neuobičajene lokacije Ili vas može obavijestiti o predstojećim promjenama ili poboljšanjima usluga.
U slučaju da vi kontaktirate Google, Google evidentira zapis o zahtjevu radi lakšeg rješavanja vaše poteškoće.
Google upotrebljava automatizirane sustave koji analiziraju vaš sadržaj radi pružanja prilagođenih rezultata pretraživanja, prilagođenih oglasa ili drugih značajki prilagođenih vašem načinu upotrebe naših usluga.
Vaše sadržaje Google analizira i radi otkrivanja zloupotrebe kao što su neželjeni, zlonamjerni ili nezakoniti sadržaj. Za prepoznavanje uzoraka u podacima Google se služi i algoritmima.
Na primjer, Google prevoditelj pomaže ljudima da komuniciraju na različitim jezicima tako što otkriva uobičajene jezične uzorke u frazama za koje tražite prijevod.
Za gore opisane svrhe Google može kombinirati prikupljene podatke sa svojih usluga i svih vaših uređaja. Ovisno o postavkama vašeg računa, vaša aktivnost na drugim web-lokacijama i u drugim aplikacijama može biti povezana s vašim osobnim podacima radi poboljšanja Google-ovih usluga i oglasa koje Google prikazuje.
Ako drugi korisnici već imaju vašu adresu elektroničke pošte ili druge identifikacijske podatke, Google im može prikazati vaše javno vidljive podatke Google računa, primjerice vaše ime i fotografiju. Tako primjerice mogu lakše raspoznati elektroničku poruku koju im pošaljete.
VAŠE KONTROLE PRIVATNOSTI
Imate mogućnost izbora u vezi s podacima koje Google prikuplja o vama i načinom na koji ih upotrebljava.
U ovom su odjeljku opisane glavne kontrole za upravljanje privatnošću :
Možete posjetiti provjeru postavki privatnosti putem kojih možete pregledati i prilagoditi važne postavke privatnosti.
Posjetite stranicu Provjera postavki privatnosti, Upravljanje podacima te pregled i ažuriranje podataka.
Kada ste prijavljeni, uvijek možete pregledati i ažurirati podatke tako da posjetite usluge koje upotrebljavate.
Google je uspostavio i mjesto na kojem možete pregledati podatke koje se spremaju na vaš Google račun i upravljati njima.
Na vašem Google računu dostupne su sljedeće kontrole:
Kontrole privatnosti
Kontrole aktivnosti
Odredite vrste aktivnosti za koje želite da se spremaju na vaš račun.
Postavke oglasa
Upravljajte postavkama oglasa koji vam se prikazuju na Google-u te na web-lokacijama i u aplikacijama koje prikazuju oglase u partnerstvu s Google-om. Možete izmijeniti svoje interese, odabrati hoće li se vaši osobni podaci upotrebljavati za prikaz relevantnih oglasa te uključiti ili isključiti određene usluge oglašavanja.
Google vam omogućava da upravljate podatke koje drugi vide o vama na Google-ovim uslugama.
Dijeljene preporuke putem Google-a.
Odaberite hoće li se vaše ime i fotografija prikazivati pored vaših aktivnosti kao što su recenzije i preporuke koje se pojavljuju u oglasima.
Informacije koje dijelite.
Odredite s kime ćete dijeliti podatke putem svojeg računa na Googleu+.
Google vam pruža i načine za pregled i ažuriranje podataka.
Na stranici Moja aktivnost možete pregledati i kontrolirati podatke koji nastaju vašom upotrebom Google-ovih usluga, kao što su vaša prošla pretraživanja i posjeti Google Playu.
Svoju aktivnost možete pregledavati po datumu i temi te je možete izbrisati djelomično ili u cijelosti.
Uslugu Google nadzorne ploče.
Putem Google nadzorne ploče možete upravljati podacima koji su povezani s određenim proizvodima.
Vaši osobni podaci
Upravljajte svojim informacijama za kontakt kao što su ime, e-adresa i telefonski broj. Kada niste prijavljeni, možete upravljati podacima koji su povezani s vašim podacima.
Prilagodba pretraživanja dok ste odjavljeni: odaberite hoće li se vaša aktivnost pretraživanja upotrebljavati za ponudu relevantnih rezultata i preporuka.
Postavke YouTube-a: pauzirajte i izbrišite povijest pretraživanja na YouTube-u i povijest gledanja na YouTube-u.
Postavkama oglasa upravljajte na web lokacijama i u aplikacijama koje prikazuju oglase u partnerstvu s Google-om.
Izvoz, uklanjanje i brisanje podataka
Po želji možete izvesti kopiju sadržaja sa svojeg Google računa da biste ga sigurnosno kopirali ili koristili na nekoj usluzi izvan Googlea.
Zatražite uklanjanje sadržaja s određenih Google-ovih usluga na osnovi primjenjivih zakona.
Da biste izbrisali svoje podatke, možete:
Izbrisati sadržaj s određenih Google-ovih usluga.
Potražiti i zatim izbrisati određene stavke s računa putem stranice Moja aktivnost.
Izbrisati određene Google-ove proizvode, uključujući podatke koji su s njima povezani.
Izbrisati cijeli Google račun.
Naposljetku, tu je i Upravitelj neaktivnih računa pomoću kojeg možete nekom drugome omogućiti pristup dijelovima svojeg Google računa u slučaju da ga više ne možete upotrebljavati.
Postavke preglednika: na primjer, možete konfigurirati preglednik tako da naznačite kada Goole postavi kolačić u vaš preglednik. Preglednik možete konfigurirati i tako da blokira sve kolačiće s određene domene ili svih domena.
Pritom napominjemo da se Google usluge za ispravan rad oslanjaju na kolačiće, primjerice kako bi zapamtile vaše postavke jezika.
Postavke uređaja: vaš uređaj može imati kontrole koje određuju koje podatke Google može prikupljai. Na primjer, na Android uređaju možete promijeniti postavke lokacije.
Prijenos u treće zemlje
24sata d.o.o. koristi alate i usluge pružatelja usluga, ali i društvenih mreža koje ne posluju samo na području Europske unije. Dužni smo vas upozoriti kako te treće strane koje upravljaju tim uslugama redovito prenose ili mogu prenijeti vaše osobne podatke u SAD gdje se isti mogu dijeliti s obavještajnim službama sukladno propisima koji su na snazi u SAD. U skladu s tim propisima, vaša prava na zaštitu osobnih podataka u SAD-u mogu biti ograničena uvjetom građanstva, potrebom dokazivanja osnove za podnošenje tužbe i žalbe ili tajnošću istražnih postupaka.
Stalo nam je do zaštite vaših podataka i upravo zbog toga smo pokrenuli mehanizme koji će omogućiti veću razinu vaše zaštite. Važno nam je da znate kako smo pokrenuli i reviziju naših partnera za koje znamo ili sumnjamo da podatke prenose u treće zemlje odnosno u SAD. Do okončanja spomenutih postupaka privremeno ćemo prijenos osobnih podataka vršiti na osnovi vaše privole putem skočnog prozora.
O svim poduzetim mjerama ćemo vas dodatno obavijestiti te ćemo po okončanju postupaka koji su u tijeku izmijeniti i naše politike. Ukoliko vas zanima na koji način treće strane mijenjaju svoja pravila o zaštiti podataka za Google LLC pogledajte na linku:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
, dok za društvene mreže koje koristimo pogledajte u nastavku.
Društvene mreže
24sata d.o.o. prikuplja i obrađuje osobne podatke putem interakcija korisnika na društvenim mrežama kao što su Facebook, Twitter, Instagram i YouTube. 24 sata d.o.o. odnosno odgovorne osobe imenovane od strane 24 sata d.o.o. imaju uvid u poruke i/ili objave na spomenutim društvenim mrežama, međutim osobne podatke prikupljene putem istih, osobito one sadržane u porukama, 24 sata d.o.o. ne pohranjuje te dodatno ne obrađuje osim u svrhe navedene u ovoj Politici. Iznimno 24sata d.o.o. može pohraniti vaše podatke ukoliko nas na to obvezuju važeći propisi Republike Hrvatske.
24sata d.o.o. koristi poslovni profil koristeći usluge Facebooka, Twittera, Instagrama i Youtubea, a o njihovim pravilima privatnosti odnosno izjavama o povjerljivosti kao i o načinu na koji oni koriste vaše osobne podatke možete pogledati na:
FACEBOOK ONLINE
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
TWITTER ONLINE
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
YOUTUBE ONLINE
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=hr
INSTAGRAM ONLINE
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
OBAVIJEST O ZAŠTITI PODATAKA
24sata d.o.o., Oreškovićeva ulica 3D, 10 000 Zagreb, OIB: 78093047651
(
dalje u tekstu: "24 sata")
kao administrator pagea ˝24sata˝
u sklopu društvene mreže Facebook
je voditelj obrade vaših osobnih podataka. Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, također je voditelj obrade vaših osobnih podataka. U svakom trenutku
24sata
možete kontaktirati putem e-maila službenika za zaštitu podataka
zop@24sata.hr
ili
zopcentral@styria.hr
ili slanjem dopisa na adresu Oreškovićeva ulica 3D, 10 000 Zagreb.
Pročitajte ovu obavijest pažljivo kako biste razumjeli zašto i kako prikupljamo vaše osobne podatke koristeći alate koje Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2 Ireland (dalje u tekstu: Meta ili Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd) koristi i nudi kao uslugu svojim korisnicima te kako će se oni koristiti.
U ovoj obavijesti opisujemo podatke koje obrađujemo radi pružanja podrške Facebooku, Instagramu, Messengeru i drugim proizvodima te značajkama koje Meta nudi (pogledajte odjeljak Meta proizvodi) ili koje Meta obrađuje u sklopu pružanja svoje usluge nama kao voditelju obrade.
Dodatne alate i informacije možete pronaći i u postavkama Facebooka i postavkama Instagrama.
Kako bismo vam praktično dočarali na što se sve prethodne aktivnosti odnose kao primjer navodimo:  kada nam pošaljete upit putem Facebook poruke, naši administratori  u sklopu odgovora na istu obradit će vaše osobne podatke.
Putem društvenih mreža
24sata
vas obavještava o događajima i aktivnostima, dostavlja vam obavijesti i vijesti koje bi vas mogli zanimati, sve temeljem legitimnog interesa i/ili privole ovisno o vrsti aktivnosti koju provodi.
Obrađujemo prilikom provođenja prethodno navedenih aktivnosti vaše osobne podatke, što može uključivati ime, prezime, e-mail, spol, nadimak, osobne fotografije ili druge vrsta slika koje ste podijelili s nama, vaša opredjeljenja ukoliko ste ih podijelili s nama, vaše  komentare koje ste podijelili s nama ili pak vaše interese i događaje koje mislite da su važni te ste ih podijelili s nama.
Vaši osobni podaci mogu se obrađivati u različite svrhe, ako je to neophodno za poštivanje zakonskih obveza (npr. za dostavljanje podataka sudovima ili organima kaznenog progona), ako ste pristali na odgovarajuću obradu ili ako je obrada na drugi način zakonita prema obvezujućim propisima ili internim aktima
24sata
. Ako se podaci obrađuju u drugu svrhu, prije obrade pružit ćemo vam informacije o toj drugoj svrsi te sve druge relevantne informacije.
Pristup vašim osobnim podacima ima Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. Ovlaštene treće strane možda će trebati pristupiti ili pohraniti osobne podatke ako to zahtijevaju ili dopuštaju obvezujući propisi (npr. državna tijela, sudovi, vanjski savjetnici i druge treće osobe koje se smatraju javnim tijelima).
Obrađivat ćemo prikupljene podatke onoliko dugo koliko je potrebno za svrhe radi koje su prikupljeni. Ako se obrada temelji na vašoj privoli imate pravo u bilo kojem trenutku povući privolu. Povlačenje neće utjecati na zakonitost obrade na temelju privole prije njezina povlačenja, a vaši podaci koje obrađujemo na temelju iste prestat ćemo obrađivati.
Ako je pokrenut sudski, upravni ili izvansudski postupak, osobni se podaci mogu pohraniti do kraja takvog postupka, uključujući i moguće razdoblje za izjavljivanje pravnih lijekova. 24sata će određene osobne podatke čuvati u vremenskom periodu koji propisuje zakon odnosno propis koji obvezuje voditelja obrade na čuvanje podataka, primjerice ukoliko ste nam poslali neki prigovor putem privatne poruke na Facebook-u ili ako ste od nas zahtijevali ostvarenje nekih vaših prava, konverzaciju ćemo čuvati kako bismo razmotrili vaše zahtjeve, a sve vezano uz izvršavanje naših obveza propisanih važećim zakonima RH.
Vaša prava su sljedeća: pravo na pristup, pravo na ispravak, pravo na brisanje ("pravo na zaborav), pravo na ograničenje obrade, pravo na prigovor te pravo na prenosivost podataka. Više o svojim pravima i načinu na koji koristimo vaše osobne podatke možete saznati na
https://www.24sata.hr/flatpages/pravila-privatnosti?refresh
.
Ako želite koristiti jedno ili više od gore navedenih prava, slobodno kontaktirajte našeg službenika za zaštitu podataka koji će vam rado pomoći u svakom trenutku.
Ako niste zadovoljni kako smo prikupili ili upotrijebili vaše osobne podatke, možete podnijeti formalnu pritužbu Agenciji za zaštitu osobnih podataka.
Naši kontakt podaci:
Naziv: 24sata d.o.o.
Adresa: Oreškovićeva ulica 3D, 10 000 Zagreb
Službenika za zaštitu podataka možete dobiti putem:
zop@24sata.hr
ili
zopcentral@styria.hr
.
Kako podatke o vama prikuplja i obrađuje 24sata kao korisnik Facebook pagea ˝24sata˝?
24sata
kao voditelj obrade osobnih podataka korisnika Facebook pagea ˝24sata˝ koristi vaše osobne podatke kako bi vama kao korisnicima omogućio korištenje usluga i aktivnosti koje pruža putem Facebook pagea, stvorio bazu podataka korisnika u svrhu unapređenja usluge i/ili marketinga, kontaktirao korisnike radi dostave obavijesti, poboljšao oglašivačke i promocijske aktivnosti te analizirao upotrebu Facebook page
a.
Također, osobni podaci mogu se koristiti za rješavanje problema, provedbu administracijskih zadataka te uspostavljanje kontakta s korisnicima.
Uvid u osobne podatke korisnika Facebook pagea ˝
24sata
˝ može imati administrator  i to u  sklopu izvršavanja  svoga djelokruga posla. Uz administratora imenovanog od strane voditelja obrade uvid u podatke mogu imati i pravne osobe koje sudjeluju u izvršavanju pravnih odnosa sa korisnicima kao što su informatička podrška, marketinška podrška, društva koja su povezana s
24sata
, javna tijela koja zahtijevaju dostavu osobnih podataka u skladu sa propisima koji obvezuju
24sata
, a o čemu
24sata
vodi propisane evidencije aktivnosti obrade.
Meta proizvodi
Meta proizvodi obuhvaćaju Facebook (uključujući Facebookovu mobilnu aplikaciju i preglednik u aplikaciji), Meta View, Messenger, Instagram (uključujući aplikacije kao što je Boomerang), Uređaji portala, Proizvodi Meta Quest
prilikom upotrebe korisničkog računa za Facebook, Spark AR, Meta Audience Network, aplikacije za NPE Team, Meta poslovne alate i sve druge značajke, aplikacije, tehnologije, softveri ili usluge koje nudi društvo Meta Platforms Inc. ili Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd.
Meta proizvodi obuhvaćaju i poslovne alate, tj. alate koje koriste vlasnici web-mjesta i izdavači, razvojni programeri aplikacija, poslovni partneri (uključujući oglašivače i druge) te njihovi klijenti kao usluge za podršku poslovanju i razmjenu podataka s Metom, kao što su dodaci za društvene mreže (npr. gumb „Sviđa mi se” i „Dijeli”) te Metini SDK-ovi i API-jevi.
Meta proizvodi ne obuhvaćaju određene proizvode i usluge koje nudi Meta, a koji imaju zasebna pravila o privatnosti i uvjete pružanja usluge, npr. Workplace, Free Basics, Dječji Messenger i Oculus Products prilikom upotrebe korisničkog računa za Oculus.
Koje podatke prikuplja Meta kada vi koristite Facebook page ˝
24sata
˝?
Kada korisnik stisne ˝like˝ odnosno ˝sviđa mi se˝ na Facebook pageu ˝
24sata
˝ voditelja obrade prikupljaju se vaši podaci od strane Mete.
Vrste podataka koje Meta prikuplja o vama ovise o načinu na koji upotrebljavate njihove proizvode.
U postavkama Facebooka i postavkama Instagrama možete saznati kako pristupiti podacima koji se prikupljaju i kako ih izbrisati
.
Podaci koji se prikupljaju korištenjem Facebook pagea od strane Meta su:
sadržaj, komunikacija i drugi podaci koje unosite prilikom upotrebe Meta proizvoda i usluga, ali i  podaci koje unesete kada se registrirate za korisnički račun, kreirate ili dijelite sadržaj te kada šaljete poruke ili komunicirate s drugima (npr. lokacija fotografije ili datum izrade dokumenta),
sadržaj i komunikacije koje vi i drugi pružate kako bi analizirali kontekst neke objave,
podaci s posebnim zaštitama (npr. ukoliko ste odabrali pružiti podatke o svojim vjerskim stavovima, političkim stavovima, za koga se „zanimate” ili o svom zdravlju u poljima svog profila na Facebooku ili u sklopu opcije Životni događaji,
podaci o vašem imenu i prezimenu i/ili nadimku i/ili korisničkom imenu, stranicama, korisničkim računima, znakovima i grupama s kojima ste povezani te o načinu interakcije s njima (npr. osobe s kojima najviše komunicirate ili grupe čiji ste još član),
podaci za kontakt ako ih odlučite prenijeti, sinkronizirati ili uvesti s uređaja (iz adresara, popisa poziva ili povijesti popisa SMS poruka), a Meta ih upotrebljava, primjerice, da bi vam pomogla pronaći poznanike,
podaci o tome kako upotrebljavate Meta proizvode, ali i naše proizvode npr. podaci o vrsti sadržaja koje pregledavate i na koje reagirate, značajkama koje upotrebljavate, vašim aktivnostima, ljudima ili korisničkim računima s kojima stupate u interakciju te podatke o vremenu, učestalosti i trajanju vaših aktivnosti,
podaci s računala, telefona, povezanih televizora i drugih uređaja povezanih s internetom koje upotrebljavate i koji se integriraju s Meta proizvodima te podaci na različitim uređajima koje upotrebljavate (npr. Meta upotrebljava prikupljene podatke o vašoj upotrebi njihovih proizvoda kako bi personalizirala sadržaj (uključujući oglase) ili značajke koje vidite kada upotrebljavate njezine proizvode na drugom uređaju kao što je prijenosno računalo ili tablet),
svojstva uređaja (npr. operacijski sustav, verzije hardvera i softvera, razina punjenja baterije, snaga signala), radnje na uređaju (npr. podaci o radnjama i postupcima izvršenima na uređaju, poput toga je li prozor u prvom planu ili pozadini, ili o pokretima miša (što pomaže razlikovati ljude od botova), jedinstvene identifikatore, identifikatore uređaja poput onih iz igara, aplikacija ili korisničkih računa, signali Bluetootha i podaci o obližnjim Wi-Fi pristupnim točkama, pratilicama i odašiljačima mobilne telefonske mreže,
podaci iz postavki uređaja (npr. GPS lokaciji),
podaci kao što su naziv vašeg davatelja usluge mobilne mreže ili davatelja usluga interneta, jezik, vremenska zona, broj mobitela, IP adresa, brzina veze i, u nekim slučajevima, podaci o drugim uređajima koji su u blizini ili na vašoj mreži,
podaci iz kolačića: podaci iz kolačića pohranjeni na vašem uređaju uključujući identifikatore kolačića i postavke (više pročitajte u odjeljku u kojem navodimo više o kolačićima),
podaci od partnera (npr. oglašivači, razvojni programeri aplikacija i izdavači mogu Meti slati podatke putem Meta poslovnih alata koje upotrebljavaju, uključujući Meta dodatke za društvene mreže (kao što je gumb „Sviđa mi se”), prijavu putem Facebooka, Meta API-je i SDK-ove ili Meta piksel),
podaci iz svih Meta proizvoda i uređaja (npr. Povezujemo podatke o vašim aktivnostima na različitim Meta proizvodima i uređajima kako bismo pružili prilagođenije i dosljednije iskustvo na svim Meta proizvodima koje upotrebljavate gdje god ih upotrebljavali),
podaci koji se odnose na lokaciju (npr. gdje živite, mjesta na koja volite ići, poduzeća i ljudi u blizini kojih se nalazite),
podaci koji proizlaze iz prepoznavanja lica,
oglase i druge sponzorirane sadržaje (npr. podaci o tome što vas zanima, vašim aktivnostima i vezama).
Važno je
ponoviti, 24sata je voditelj obrade samo u odnosu na podatke korisnika Facebook pagea. Moramo vam naglasiti kako je i Meta, također samostalni voditelj obrade podataka u odnosu na sve vaše podatke s obzirom da koristite njihove proizvode te ih upotrebljavaju ovisno o vašim odabirima.
24sata ne prikuplja sve podatke koje prikuplja, obrađuje i pohranjuje Meta kako bi pružila i podržala svoje proizvode i povezane usluge opisane u
Uvjetima upotrebe Facebooka i Uvjetima upotrebe Instagrama.
O podacima koje o vama prikuplja Meta još pogledajte i na:
https://hr-hr.facebook.com/policy.php
Svrhe za koje se vaši podaci prikupljaju su:
pružanje, personalizacija i poboljšanje proizvoda (npr. radi isporuke proizvoda, uključujući personalizaciju značajki i sadržaja),
pružanje mjerenja, analitike i drugih poslovnih usluga,
promicanje sigurnosti, integriteta i zaštite,
komunikacija s vama kako bismo vam slali obavijesti, komunicirali s vama o našim proizvodima i slali vam obavijesti o našim pravilima i uvjetima,
vaše podatke upotrebljavamo i da bismo vam odgovorili na upite te
istraživanje i inovacije za društveno dobro.
Više o svrhama za koje Facebook koristi vaše podatke pogledajte na:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Kako podatke o vama dijeli Meta
Vaši podaci dijele se s drugima na sljedeće načine:
Dijeljenje u Meta proizvodima
Sadržaj koji drugi dijele ili ponovno dijele o vama
Podaci o vašem aktivnom statusu ili prisutnosti na Facebooku ili na našem Facebook pageu ˝
˝24sata
˝
Aplikacije, web-mjesta i integracije proizvoda trećih strana u Meta proizvodima ili pomoću njih
Novi vlasnik (ako se promijeni vlasništvo ili nadzor nad svim ili dijelom Meta proizvoda ili njihovih značajki, vaši podaci mogu se prenijeti na novog vlasnika)
Dijeljenje s partnerima trećih strana
Meta surađuje s partnerima – trećim stranama koji joj pomažu u isporuci i poboljšavanju proizvoda ili upotrebljavanju Meta poslovnih alata kako bi povećali svoje poslovanje.
24sata
kao voditelj obrade ne dijeli podatke koji vas osobno identificiraju niti može utjecati na način na koji će se svi vaši podaci od strane Mete prikupiti, za što će se koristiti te kome se dijeliti. Meta pak kao samostalni voditelj obrade dijeli vaše podatke i prenosi ih u treće zemlje, između ostalog i u SAD.
Morate znati da Meta oglašivačima pruža izvješća o kategorijama ljudi koji vide njihove oglase i o učinku njihovih oglasa, a sve kako bi Meta podijelila podatke o vama kako bi pružili analitička i mjerna izvješća svojim partnerima.
Nadalje, Meta pruža podatke i sadržaj prodavateljima i davateljima usluga koji podržavaju njihovo poslovanje, istraživačkim partnerima i akademskoj zajednici radi provedbe istraživanja koja promiču učenje i inovacije kojima se poboljšavaju otkrića i inovacije na području opće društvene skrbi, tehnološkog napretka, javnog interesa, zdravlja i dobrobiti te s tijelima za provedbu zakona ili na temelju pravnih zahtjeva.
Zadržavanje podataka, deaktiviranje i brisanje korisničkog računa
Meta pohranjuje podatke sve dok više nisu nužni za pružanje usluga i Meta proizvoda ili dok vaš korisnički račun ne bude izbrisan – ovisno o tome što nastupi ranije.
Ta odluka koja se donosi od slučaja do slučaja ovisi o stvarima kao što je priroda podataka, zašto se prikupljaju i obrađuju te relevantne pravne ili operativne potrebe zadržavanja. Na primjer, kada tražite nešto na Facebooku, možete pristupiti toj pretrazi i izbrisati je iz svoje povijesti pretraživanja u svakom trenutku, no zapis o toj pretrazi
Meta briše nakon 6 mjeseci.
Ako podnesete kopiju svog identifikacijskog dokumenta koji izdaje primjerice Vlada za potrebe provjere korisničkog računa, Meta briše tu kopiju
30 dana nakon podnošenja
.
Kada izbrišete svoj korisnički račun, Meta briše sadržaje koje ste objavili, kao što su vaše fotografije i novi statusi, i kasnije više nećete moći doći do tih podatka. Podaci koje su drugi podijelili o vama nisu dio vašeg korisničkog računa i neće se izbrisati. Ako ne želite izbrisati svoj korisnički račun, već samo privremeno prestati upotrebljavati proizvode, umjesto toga možete deaktivirati svoj korisnički račun.
Kako biste izbrisali svoj korisnički račun u bilo kojem trenutku, posjetite postavke Facebooka i postavke Instagrama.
Podacima koje je Meta primila o vama, Meta može pristupiti i može ih čuvati tijekom dužeg razdoblja ako su predmet pravnog zahtjeva ili obveze, vladine istrage ili istraga mogućih povreda važećih uvjeta ili pravila ili iz drugih razloga, a sve da bi spriječili moguću štetu.
Također, Meta zadržava podatke iz računa koji su onemogućeni zbog kršenja uvjeta
barem godinu dana da bi spriječio ponavljanje zloupotrebe ili drugo kršenje uvjeta.
Kako Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. dijeli i prenosi podatke u sklopu globalnih usluga koje i 24sata koristi?
Meta dijeli podatke na globalnoj razini, kako interno unutar Meta društva tako i prema van sa svojim partnerima i s osobama s kojima se povezujete i s kojima dijelite sadržaj širom svijeta u skladu s ovim pravilima.
Podaci koje kontrolira Meta Platforms Ireland bit će preneseni ili poslani u Sjedinjene Američke Države ili druge zemlje izvan države u kojoj živite.
Kao korisnike Facebooka, ali i kao korisnike Facebook pagea ˝24sata˝ moramo vas obavijestiti kako Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. od 7 mjeseca 2020. godine ne bi smjela izvoziti podatke izvan prostora EU. Posljedica je to presude SCHREMS II. Nažalost, ne možemo vam jamčiti da Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. to i ne čini , no obavještavamo vas kako činimo sve što je u našoj moći da pronađemo validno rješenje kako bi vaši podaci bili sigurni i kako biste i dalje uživali u sadržajima na našem Facebook pageu. Sigurnost naših korisnika nam je na prvom mjestu.
Privremeno pravni osnov je vaša privola koju dajete u trenutku kada odlučite pratiti naš Facebook page, no zapamtite da ste na sve uvjete dijeljenja pa i prenošenja podataka u SAD pristali kada ste otvorili Facebook profil. Mi kao samostalni voditelj obrade podatke ne prenosimo u treće zemlje.
Kako možete ostvarivati svoja prava koja vam daje GDPR od strane Mete?
Temeljem Opće uredbe o zaštiti podataka imate pravo pristupiti svojim podacima te ih ispraviti, prenositi i izbrisati.
Saznajte više o tim pravima i saznajte kako možete ostvarivati svoja prava i u postavkama Facebooka i postavkama Instagrama. Također imate pravo na prigovor i ograničenje određene obrade svojih podataka.
To uključuje:
• pravo na podnošenje prigovora na obradu vaših podataka za potrebe izravnog marketinga koje možete ostvariti upotrebom poveznice „otkaži pretplatu” u takvim marketinškim komunikacijama i
• pravo na podnošenje prigovora na obradu vaših podataka kada izvršavamo zadatak u javnom interesu ili u cilju svojih legitimnih interesa ili legitimnih interesa treće strane. Možete ostvariti to pravo na Facebooku i na Instagramu.
Kako
se možete obratiti u slučaju pitanja?
Možete saznati više o načinu zaštite privatnosti na Facebooku.
Ako imate pitanja, možete nam se obratiti putem pošte
na e-mail našeg službenika za zaštitu podataka
zop@24sata.hr
ili
zopcentral@styria.hr
.
Također se možete obratiti društvu Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, putem interneta ili pošte na:
META PLATFORMS IRELAND Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Irska
Kontakt službenika za zaštitu podataka:
https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/540977946302970
Ukoliko niste zadovoljni načinom na koji se prikupljaju i obrađuju vaši osobni podaci možete se obratiti vodećem nadzornom tijelu nadležnom za Meta Platforms Ireland Limited,
Irskom povjereniku za zaštitu podataka ili Agenciji za zaštitu osobnih podataka Republike Hrvatske.
Više o pravilima privatnosti možete saznati na:
https://hr-hr.facebook.com/policy.php
Sporove koje imate s Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., a u vezi s pravilima o zaštiti privatnosti i povezanim praksama možete riješiti putem društva TRUSTe, koja je alternativno tijelo za rješavanje sporova u Sjedinjenim Američkim Državama.
Društvu TRUSTe možete se obratiti putem
njegova web-mjesta.
Za moguće sporove s 24sata obratite nam se na gore navedene kontakt podatke.
Druge web stranice i Facebook pageevi
Ova obavijest se odnosi samo na upotrebu i korištenje podataka koje
24sata
prikuplja od korisnika (ispitanika) putem Facebook pagea ˝
24sata
˝ koristeći IT sustave i tehnologije koje koristi Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. (
https://www.facebook.com/24sata/
).
Druge stranice, osim prethodno navedenih, kojima se može pristupiti putem Facebook pagea imaju vlastite izjave o povjerljivosti. Ako preko Facebook pagea ˝24sata˝ kao voditelja obrade korisnik posjeti jednu ili više drugih web stranica 24sata preporučuje korisnicima da pregledaju izjavu o povjerljivosti podataka te stranice.
24sata
nije odgovoran za načine i uvjete rada trećih strana kao i za način i uvjete rada Mete te vam upravo zbog toga pružamo ovu obavijest kako biste mogli biti svjesni svega vezanog uz prikupljanje vaših osobnih podataka.
U slučaju da imate pitanja vezano uz prikupljanje i obradu podataka od strane Facebook-a, Twittera , YouTubea i/ili Instagrama ili želite ostvariti neko od svojih prava zajamčenih Općom uredbom o zaštiti podataka kontaktirajte:
FACEBOOK IRELAND Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Irska
Kontakt službenika za zaštitu podataka:
https://hr-hr.facebook.com/policy.php
https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/540977946302970
Ukoliko niste zadovoljni načinom na koji se prikupljaju i obrađuju vaši osobni podaci možete se obratiti vodećem nadzornom tijelu Facebook-a, Irskom povjereniku za zaštitu podataka ili Agenciji za zaštitu osobnih podataka Republike Hrvatske.
Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07 Irska
Kontakt službenika za zaštitu podataka:
https://twitter.ethicspointvp.com/custom/twitter/forms/data/form_data.asp
https://help.twitter.com/forms/privacy
Ukoliko niste zadovoljni načinom na koji se prikupljaju i obrađuju vaši osobni podaci možete se obratiti vodećem nadzornom tijelu Twittera-a, irskom povjereniku za zaštitu podataka ili Agenciji za zaštitu osobnih podataka Republike Hrvatske.
ZA YOUTUBE:
Google Ireland, Ltd., Gordon House Barrow St, Dublin 4, Ireland
Kontakt službenika za zaštitu podataka:
https://support.google.com/policies/contact/general_privacy_form
Ukoliko niste zadovoljni načinom na koji se prikupljaju i obrađuju vaši osobni podaci možete se obratiti vodećem nadzornom tijelu Twittera-a, irskom povjereniku za zaštitu podataka ili Agenciji za zaštitu osobnih podataka Republike Hrvatske.
ZA INSTAGRAM:
FACEBOOK IRELAND Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Irska
Kontakt službenika za zaštitu podataka:
https://hr-hr.facebook.com/policy.php
https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/540977946302970
Ukoliko niste zadovoljni načinom na koji se prikupljaju i obrađuju vaši osobni podaci možete se obratiti vodećem nadzornom tijelu Facebook-a, Irskom povjereniku za zaštitu podataka ili Agenciji za zaštitu osobnih podataka Republike Hrvatske.
Obavijest o promjenama i kontakt
Svaka promjena naše Politike zaštite privatnosti bit će objavljena na početnoj stranici i na drugim mjestima za koje se smatra da su za to prikladna.
Ako imate bilo kakvih pitanja vezanih uz izjavu o zaštiti privatnosti molimo Vas da nas kontaktirate na e-mail:
podrska@24sata.hr
ili na kontakt podatke našeg službenika za zaštitu podataka
zop@24sata.hr
ili na
zopcentral@styria.hr
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.aweber.com/privacy.htm:
Switch to AWeber
Features
Pricing
Blog
Sign in
My account
Get AWeber Free
Email marketing
Email automation
Landing page builder
Ecommerce
Web push notifications
Sign up form builder
AI Writing Assistant
Link in Bio page
Standard pricing
High volume pricing
Bloggers
Coaches
Etsy shops
Newsletters
YouTubers
Contact Customer Solutions 24/7
AWeber Community
Free account migration service
Knowledge base
Video tutorials
Landing Page Template Gallery
Pre-written email campaigns
AWeber Certified Experts
App integrations
Marketing guides
Customer referral program
Customer success stories
Podcast
Marketing Glossary
24/7 Email Marketing Master Class
Get started for free
Try industry-leading tools designed to grow your business.
Sign up today →
Chat with us
, powered by
LiveChat
Sub-policy 1
https://www.huawei.com/en/privacy-policy:
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Read our privacy policy
Corporate
Worldwide
Back to Main Menu
Huawei Websites
Corporate
Corporate news and information
Consumer
Phones, laptops, tablets, wearables & other devices
Enterprise
Enterprise products, solutions & services
Carrier
Products, solutions & services for carrier networks
Huawei Cloud
Cloud products, solutions & services
Select a Country or Region
Australia
-
English
Brazil
-
Português
Canada
-
English
China
-
简体中文
Europe
-
English
France
-
Français
Germany
-
Deutsch
Ireland
-
English
Italy
-
Italiano
Japan
-
日本語
Kazakhstan
-
Қазақ тілі
Kazakhstan
-
Pусский
Kenya
-
English
Korea
-
한국어
Malaysia
-
English
Mexico
-
Español
Mongolia
-
Mонгол
New Zealand
-
English
Netherlands
-
Nederlands
Poland
-
Polski
Romania
-
Română
Russia
-
Pусский
Singapore
-
English
South Africa
-
English
Spain
-
Español
Switzerland
-
Deutsch
Switzerland
-
Français
Switzerland
-
Italiano
Switzerland
-
English
Thailand
-
ภาษาไทย
Turkiye
-
Türkçe
Ukraine
-
Українська
United Kingdom
-
English
Uzbekistan
-
Pусский
Uzbekistan
-
O’zbek
Vietnam
-
Tiếng Việt
Global
-
English
SEARCH HISTORY
Quick Links
Huawei HiSuite
Huawei Health
Watch
Phone
Tablet
HUAWEI FreeClip
Router
ensp
Privacy Policy
Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd and its affiliates (collectively, "Huawei", "we", "us", and "our") respect your privacy. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy ("this Policy"). This Policy applies to Huawei websites, products, and services that display or provide links to this Policy.
This Policy describes how Huawei processes your personal data, but it may not address all possible data processing scenarios. Huawei may inform you of product- or service-specific data collection through supplementary policies or notices provided before collection.
This Policy describes:
1. How We Collect & Use Your Personal Data
2. Cookies & Similar Technologies
3. How We Disclose Personal Data
4. How to Access & Control Your Personal Data
5. How We Protect Your Personal Data
6. How We Process Children's Personal Data
7. Third-Party Providers and Their Services
8. International Transfers of Your Personal Data
9. Updates to This Policy
10. How to Contact Us
1. How We Collect & Use Your Personal Data
Personal data means any data that, either on its own or jointly with other data, can be used to identify a natural person. You directly provide us with such data when you use our websites, products, or services, or interact with us by, for example, creating a Huawei account or contacting us for support. We may also obtain data by recording how you interact with our websites, products, or services. For example, we may use technologies like cookies or receive use data from software running on your device. As permitted by law, we may also obtain data from public and commercial third-party sources, for example, purchasing statistics from other companies to support our services. The personal data we collect includes name, gender, enterprise name, job position, postal and email addresses, phone number, login information (account and password), photos, and certificate information, etc., depending on how you interact with Huawei, for example, the website you visit or the products and services that you use. We also collect the information you provide to us and the content of messages you send us, such as the query information you provide, or the questions or information you provide for customer service support.
Before using Huawei’s products or services, you may need to provide personal data.  In some cases you may be able to opt not to disclose your personal data to Huawei. However, not providing Huawei with certain data may mean that we cannot provide you with certain products or services or respond to an issue that you have raised.
We may use your personal data for the following purposes:
Creating an account.
Fulfilling your transaction or service requests, including fulfilling orders; delivering, activating, or verifying products or services; providing training and certification; managing and processing training and certification exams; participating in onsite or virtual activities; fulfilling your requests for changes or providing you with the requested information (such as marketing materials for products and services, and white papers); and providing technical support.
Contacting you with your consent; sending you information about products and services that may interest you; inviting you to participate in Huawei activities (including promotional activities), market surveys, or satisfaction surveys; or sending you marketing information. If you do not want to receive these types of information, you can opt out at any time.
Sending you important notices, such as installation of and updates to operating system or application.
Providing you with customized user experience and content.
Qualifying and managing suppliers and business partners, and communicating or working with suppliers and business partners.
Improving our products and services through internal audits, data analysis, and research.
Analyzing the efficiency of our business operations and evaluating market share.
Troubleshooting when you send us error reports.
Synchronizing, sharing, and storing the data you upload or download and the data needed for the uploading and downloading.
Ensuring the security of our products, services and customers or users, executing and improving our loss prevention and anti-fraud programs.
Complying with and enforcing applicable legal requirements, industry standards and our policies.
Huawei may also collect and use non-personally identifiable information (Non-PII). Non-PII is information that cannot be used to identify a particular individual. For example, Huawei will collect statistical data, such as the numbers of visits to its website. We collect this data to understand how users use our websites, products, and services so that we can improve our services and better satisfy your needs. Huawei may collect, use, process, transfer, or disclose non-PII for other purposes at its own discretion.
We will endeavor to isolate your personal data from non-PII and ensure that the two types of data are used separately. If personal data is combined with non-PII, it will still be treated as personal data during processing.
Huawei will process your personal data following the requirements of applicable laws on an appropriate legal basis, including:
Processing your personal data to fulfill the contract when responding to a transaction or service request;
Processing your personal data with your consent;
Processing based on the legitimate interests of Huawei or a third party when we use your personal data to contact you, conduct marketing or market surveys, improve our products and services, execute and improve our loss prevention and anti-fraud programs, and other purposes. Legitimate interests include enabling us to more effectively manage and operate our business and provide our products and services; protecting the security of our businesses, systems, products, services, and customers; internal management; complying with internal policies and processes; and other legitimate interests described in this policy;
Processing your personal data as necessary to comply with and fulfill legal obligations.
2. Cookies & Similar Technologies
2.1 Cookies
To ensure our website works correctly, we may at times place a small piece of data known as a cookie on your computer or mobile device. A cookie is a text file stored by a web server on a computer or mobile device. The content of a cookie can be retrieved or read only by the server that creates the cookie. The text in a cookie often consists of identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters. Cookies are unique to the browsers or mobile applications you use, and enable websites to store data such as your preferences or items in your shopping cart.
Like many other websites or Internet service providers, Huawei uses cookies to improve user experience. Session cookies are deleted after each visit, while persistent cookies remain in place across multiple visits. Cookies allow websites to remember your settings such as language, font size on your computer or mobile device, or other browser preferences. This means that a user does not need to reset preferences for every visit. On the contrary, if cookies are not used, websites will treat you as a new visitor every time you load a web page. For example, if you are redirected to another web page from a website you are already logged in to and then return to the original website, it will not recognize you and you must log in again.
Huawei will not use cookies for any purposes not stated in this policy. For further details on our use of cookies, please see our
Cookies Notice
. You can manage or delete cookies based on your own preferences. You can clear all the cookies stored on your computer, and most web browsers provide the option of blocking cookies. However, by doing so, you have to change the user settings every time you visit our website. Find out how to manage cookie settings for your browser here:
Internet Explorer
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Safari
Opera
2.2 Web Beacons and Pixel Tags
In addition to cookies, we may also use other similar technologies on our websites such as web beacons and pixel tags. For example, when you receive an email from Huawei, it may contain a click-through URL that links to a Huawei web page. If you click the link, Huawei will track your visit to help us learn about your preferences for products and services and improve our customer service. A web beacon is a transparent graphic image embedded in a website or in an email. We use pixel tags in emails to find out whether an email has been opened. You can unsubscribe from the Huawei mailing list at any time if you do not want to be tracked in this manner.
By using our website, you consent to the use of cookies, web beacons and pixel tags as described above.
3. How We Disclose Personal Data
Huawei shares your personal data with other partners, as described in this Policy, when services are provided by partners authorized by Huawei. For example, when you make an online purchase from Huawei, we must share your personal data with the logistics provider to arrange shipment or a partner to provide services. In addition, as a global company, we may share personal data with Huawei affiliates and subsidiaries.
To comply with applicable laws or respond to valid legal procedures, Huawei may also disclose your personal data to law enforcement or other government agencies. If Huawei is involved in a restructuring, merger & acquisition, or a bankruptcy or liquidation lawsuit in a given jurisdiction, your personal data may be disclosed in connection with the transaction. Huawei may also disclose your data when appropriate, for example, to execute Terms and Conditions, when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or when it is in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.
4. How to Access & Control Your Personal Data
It is your responsibility to ensure that all personal data submitted to Huawei is correct. Huawei is dedicated to maintaining the accuracy and completeness of personal data and keeping the data up-to-date.
To the extent required by applicable law, you may (i) have the right to access certain personal data we maintain about you, (ii) request that we update or correct inaccuracies in that data, (iii) object or restrict to our use of your personal data, and (iv) ask us to delete your personal data from our database. To exercise these rights, please
click here
to give your feedback online. Your written request may be required for security. We will verify your personal identity as required by local laws. We may decline the request if we have reasonable grounds to believe that the request is a fraudulent, unfeasible or may jeopardize the privacy of others.
If allowed by applicable laws, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time when Huawei processes your personal data based on your consent. However, withdrawal does not affect the legitimacy and effectiveness of how we process your personal data based on your consent before the withdrawal is made; nor does it affect any data processing based on another justification other than your consent.
If you think that the way we process your personal information does not comply with applicable data protection laws, you can contact the relevant competent data protection authority. You can obtain the information for contacting EU data protection authorities at
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
.
5. How We Protect and Retain Your Personal Data
The security of your personal data is important to us. We use appropriate physical, management, and technical measures to protect your personal data from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, modification, damage, or loss. For example, we use cryptographic technologies for data confidentiality, protection mechanisms to prevent attacks, and access control mechanisms to permit only authorized access to your personal data. We also provide training on security and privacy protection for employees to raise their awareness of personal data protection. Huawei is committed to protecting your personal data; however, please note that no security measure is perfect.
We will retain your personal information for no longer than is necessary for the purposes stated in this Policy, unless otherwise extending the retention period is required or permitted by law. The data storage period may vary with scenario, product, and service. The standards Huawei uses to determine the retention period are as follows: the time required to retain personal data to fulfill business purposes, including providing products and services; maintaining corresponding transaction and business records; controlling and improving the performance and quality of products and services; ensuring the security of systems, products, and services; handling possible user queries or complaints and locating problems; whether the user agrees to a longer retention period; and whether the laws, contracts, and other equivalencies have special requirements for data retention; etc. We will maintain your registration information as long as your account is necessary for service provision. You can choose to deregister your account. After you deregister your account, we will stop providing you with products and services through your account and delete your relevant personal data, provided that deletion is not otherwise stipulated by special legal requirements.
6. How We Process Children's Personal Data
Our websites, products and services are primarily intended for adults. A child must not create a Huawei account without the consent of a parent or guardian. If a child's personal data is collected with prior parental consent, we will only use or disclose the data as permitted by law, with the explicit consent of the child's parents or guardians, or when necessary for the protection of the child. If we accidentally collect a child's personal data without verified prior consent from the child's parents, we will attempt to delete the data as soon as possible.
7. Third-Party Providers and Their Services
To ensure a positive user experience, you may receive content or web links from third parties other than Huawei and its partners ("third parties"). Huawei does not have the right to control such third parties, but you can choose whether to use the links, view the content and/or access the products or services provided by third parties.
Huawei cannot control the privacy practices and data protection policies of third parties that are not subject to this Policy. When you submit personal information to such a third party, please read and refer to the privacy protection policy of the third party.
8. International Transfers of Your Personal Data
As a global company, your personal data collected by Huawei may be processed or accessed in the country/region where you use our products and services or in other countries/regions where Huawei or its affiliates, subsidiaries, service providers or business partners have a presence. These jurisdictions may have different data protection laws. In such circumstances, Huawei will take measures to ensure that data is processed as required by this Policy and applicable laws, which includes when transferring the data subject’s personal data from the EU to a country or region which has not yet been acknowledged by the EU Commission as having an adequate level of data protection, we may use a variety of legal mechanisms, such as signing standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission, obtaining the consent to the cross-border transfer of a data subject in the EU, or implementing security measures like anonymizing personal data before cross-border data transfer. You can
click here
to obtain a copy of the EU’s standard contractual clauses.
9. Updates to This Policy
Huawei reserves the right to update or change this Policy at any time. We will release the latest Privacy Policy on this page for any changes. If major changes are made to the Privacy Policy, we may notify you through different channels, for example, posting a notice on our website or sending you direct notification.
10. How to Contact Us
If you have any privacy complaints or issues, and want to contact Huawei Data Protection Officer (DPO), please
click here
.
Where your personal data is processed by Huawei in accordance with this Privacy Policy, the Huawei entity that responds to your request, contacts you, provides you with products or services, or has signed or is about to sign a contract with you is the controller of the related personal data. You can
click here
to obtain the contacts of Huawei entities.
Last updated: May 2024
Online Services
Consumer Products
Gobal Service Hotline
Local Website
Huawei Cloud
Sales: +852-800-931-122
Chatbot
Enterprise
Global Service Hotline
Pricing/Info
Carrier Network
Global Service Hotline
All Contacts
Sub-policy 2
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 3
https://twitter.com/en/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 4
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 5
https://help.twitter.com/forms/privacy%C2%A0:
Nothing to see here
Looks like this page doesn’t exist. Here’s a picture of a poodle sitting in a chair for your trouble.
Looking for this?
Sub-policy 6
https://support.google.com/policies/contact/general_privacy_form:
Skip to main content
Privacy Inquiry form
Google has created a number of resources and tools to help address questions and inquiries on user privacy. Before submitting this form, we recommend you review these resources:
General info about privacy and security
Privacy Policy
and
Privacy & Terms
Google Product Privacy Guide
View and control your account info
or
change your privacy settings
Manage your account data
or
download your data
If you can’t find an answer to your questions, please fill out and submit this form. The appropriate team at Google will get back to you.
If you are an enterprise end user submitting a privacy inquiry, please note that the contracts we have in place to protect our customers’ data may require us to notify your Google Cloud account administrator or the project owner of your request.
* Required field
In order to protect user privacy and to ensure that we only disclose data to the user concerned, we can only process data access requests sent from that user’s Google Account.
This web-form is not intended to address account recovery or questions about potentially compromised accounts, removal of content, or technical issues you may be experiencing. If you experience any of those issues, please refer to the following resources, which are streamlined for such questions:
If you are trying to recover access to a Google Account, please follow
these steps.
If you want to request removal of content containing your personal information from appearing on Google’s services please see this
Help Center
If you are experiencing technical issues with Google’s products or services, please see Google’s product support
site.
Select your country of residence
*
Select one
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Thailand
United Kingdom
United States
Select one
Select one
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Thailand
United Kingdom
United States
Are you a Quebec resident?
Select one
Yes
No
Select one
Select one
Yes
No
State
*
Select one
Not applicable
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Select one
Select one
Not applicable
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Is this an appeal of a previous request?
Yes
No
If "Yes" to the above, please provide the Case ID
About which Google product are you inquiring?
*
Select one
Android
Assistant
Blogger
Chromebook
Fitbit
Gemini
Gmail
Google Account
Google Calendar
Google Chrome
Google Docs
Google Drive
Google Duo
Google Earth
Google Fi
Google Forms
Google Chat
Google Maps
Google Pay
Google Photos
Google Play
Google Sheets
Google Sites
Google Slides
Google Store
Google Voice
Messages
Nest
Pixel Phone
Search
Youtube
Other Google Product
Multiple products (describe below)
All of the Above
Select one
Select one
Android
Assistant
Blogger
Chromebook
Fitbit
Gemini
Gmail
Google Account
Google Calendar
Google Chrome
Google Docs
Google Drive
Google Duo
Google Earth
Google Fi
Google Forms
Google Chat
Google Maps
Google Pay
Google Photos
Google Play
Google Sheets
Google Sites
Google Slides
Google Store
Google Voice
Messages
Nest
Pixel Phone
Search
Youtube
Other Google Product
Multiple products (describe below)
All of the Above
If you use your Fitbit devices and services with a Fitbit Account, then your data will be handled as described in the
Fitbit Privacy Policy
, and you are subject to the
Fitbit Terms of Service
Multiple products (describe below)
0/1000
How can we help you?
*
Select one
Access my data
Get a copy of my data
Delete my Google Account or Google data
Unsubscribe from marketing communication
International data transfers
Account Recovery
Suspected Account Hacking
Remove information about me
Report breach of Google's systems
Report vulnerability
Other
Select one
Select one
Access my data
Get a copy of my data
Delete my Google Account or Google data
Unsubscribe from marketing communication
International data transfers
Account Recovery
Suspected Account Hacking
Remove information about me
Report breach of Google's systems
Report vulnerability
Other
We’ve created tools to help you manage your data. Please refer to the Privacy Help Center for more information on
how to use these tools
to manage and access your data.
You can download your data from the Google products you use, like your email, calendar, and photos.
In a few easy steps,
create a copy to keep for your records or use the data in another service. Before submitting this form, see
how to download or transfer your data
.
If you don't find what you need,
fill out the
Data Access Request Form
. This form helps us verify your identity, and make sure we only share personal information directly with you.
We’ve created tools to help you manage and delete your data. Please refer to the Privacy Help Center for more information on how to use these tools
to delete your data.
Learn more about
how Google handles security vulnerabilities
.
If you believe you have discovered a vulnerability in a Google product or have a security incident to report, go to
goo.gl/vuln
.
For suspected Google account hacking, please see how to
secure a hacked or compromised account
.
Before submitting this form, learn more about
how to unsubscribe from mass emails
on Gmail.
Promotional and mass emails usually have unsubscribe links at the bottom of the emails.
Keeping users’ information safe and secure is among our highest priorities at Google, and we're committed to complying with applicable data protection laws.
We maintain servers
around the world
to make sure our services are reliable and your information may be processed on servers outside of the country where you live. Regardless of where your information is processed, Google applies the same level of protection to your data. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the international transfer of personal data.
To request removal of content that includes your personal information in a specific Google product, please follow
these steps
.
If you are seeking Google Search removal under data protection law in Europe, please fill out
this form.
To learn more about reporting content that you would like removed from Google Search, please visit this
Help Centre Article.
To request removal of content on YouTube that includes your personal information, please fill out this
form.
Learn more about
YouTube’s Community Guidelines.
To request removal of content that includes your personal information from specific Google products other than Google Search and YouTube, please use
this form
.
In order to protect our users’ privacy, users must
follow these steps to recover accounts
.
You can learn more
about recovering your account
and if you have trouble, try the tips to complete the account recovery steps.
You can also learn how to
secure a hacked or compromised account
.
To learn more about removing your personal information from Google Search, please visit this
Help Center Article
. To seek removal of personal information relating to a specific product or service, please visit
this Help Center
.
Email address
*
Please enter a valid email address.
First name
*
Last name
*
Describe your issue or request, and include as much detail as you can. (750 maximum characters allowed)
*
0/750
If you can’t find an answer to your questions in the
Privacy Help Center
, please fill out and submit this form.
You will receive a response addressing your concerns. If you're not satisfied with the initial response we provide you, please follow up in the same email thread with more details pertaining to the nature of your request. You can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law. For information on how your personal information is handled, review the
Google Privacy Policy
.
Information submitted through this form may be used to process your request, for legal or compliance purposes, and for other associated purposes consistent with applicable laws and regulations. Please review the Google Privacy Policy for more information on how your information is handled. Use of this form is subject to Google's Terms of Service.
Submit
Submitted
Edit request
Download submission
Some
account and system information
will be sent to Google, and support calls and chats may be recorded. We will use this information to improve support quality and training, to help address technical issues, and to improve our products and services, subject to our
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
. Translation services may be used in chats and email.
Your email has been sent
Thank you for your inquiry. We are reviewing your request and we'll respond as soon as possible.
Edit request
Download submission
3058214033539396243
true
Search Help Center
true
true
true
Google Help
Help Center
Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Submit feedback
Main menu
Google apps
Send feedback on...
This help content & information
General Help Center experience
false
false
false