Master Privacy Policy
Effective 1 May 2024
Governance
BNZ Board
Financials
Corporate governance
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Public notices
How and when this privacy policy applies to you
This document sets out our Master Privacy Policy and is part of our terms and conditions. You can find out more about our terms and conditions at
bnz.co.nz/terms-and-conditions
.
How this privacy policy works with your product terms and conditions
This privacy policy covers all our products and services – including the ones you can use without paying – and all our interactions with you. These interactions include using our apps and websites, telephone calls with our contact centre, and going into one of our branches.
Our products and services have their own terms and conditions that may include specific privacy terms. If your product or service privacy terms are different from the terms in this policy, the terms in this privacy policy will apply instead.
Sub-policies are also part of this privacy policy
These sub-policies are part of this policy but aren’t included in the document:
Cookies policy
Open banking privacy statement
If the terms in a sub-policy are different from the terms in this policy, the terms in that sub-policy will apply.
Other privacy policies may apply
If you hold KiwiSaver or wealth products (such as YouWealth) through BNZ Investment Services Limited,
their privacy policy
PDF 98KB
will also apply.
A summary of this privacy policy is available for children and young people
We’ve also developed a summary of this Master Privacy Policy that is designed to be understood by children and young people.
View the summary
pdf 104kb
Watch our video of the summary
When this privacy policy applies
This privacy policy applies from 1 May 2024 (the effective date), unless agreed otherwise.
Download our privacy policy
PDF 147KB
Our privacy policy
1. Who we are
2. How we’ll tell you if this privacy policy changes
3. How we collect personal information
4. How we use personal information
5. When we share personal information, and who with
6. How we protect your personal information
7. You have the right to access and correct your personal information
8. Your rights if you live outside New Zealand
9. How to get in touch with us
Summary
We value your trust and respect your privacy
This document sets out our Master Privacy Policy for our products and services, and all our interactions with you. We’ve used examples in this policy to help explain some points – please remember that these examples describe common scenarios but don’t cover all situations.
This privacy policy sets out how we collect, use, share and protect your personal information. Personal information includes any information that could identify you – for example:
your name, personal and tax details, and home address
information we collect when you use our websites, social media profiles, and apps
video recordings of you when you’re in a branch, and recordings of you from phone calls with us.
Personal information is central to our business
We use it when we:
design and deliver products and services
recommend products and services that we think meet your needs
protect our customers and our business interests
comply with laws, and with our responsibilities and obligations as a financial services business.
We only use information if we’re allowed to – or if the law requires it
Whenever we work with personal information, we comply with the laws of New Zealand, including the Privacy Act 2020, and laws of other countries that apply to us. We are allowed to use personal information when:
you’ve agreed to let us use it – for example, you’ve given us a copy of your salary to confirm your income so that we can decide if we offer you a loan
we fulfil a contract, and to give you the products or services you’ve asked for
we run and develop our businesses – for example, to understand how customers use our products and services
we meet our legal obligations – for example, to comply with anti-fraud and anti-money laundering laws.
You have rights to access your personal information
We respect the trust you give us to hold your personal information because we know that your information – and your privacy – are important. For more information on your rights, including how to make a request to access or correct your personal information, read ‘
You have the right to request your personal information
’.
Get in touch if you have any questions or complaints
We want to be open, honest and transparent about how we work with personal information. If you have any questions, please see ‘
How to get in touch with us
’.
1. Who we are
BNZ is a registered bank under the Banking (Prudential Supervision) Act 1989. BNZ is a subsidiary of the National Australia Bank (NAB) group of companies.
Our registered address is Level 4, 80 Queen Street, Auckland 1010, New Zealand.
In this document, ‘BNZ’, ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’ means Bank of New Zealand, and all our wholly owned businesses.
‘Our related companies’ means companies who are part of the NAB group.
‘You’ and ‘your’ means our customers and other people who use or apply for our products and services, or interact with us directly or indirectly through another financial institution. If you give us information about another person, please make sure that you have their permission first. ‘You’ and ‘your’ includes the person:
whose name was used to set up the account
that uses our products and services
who gives us personal information.
‘Privacy Act’ means the Privacy Act 2020 and any laws that change or replace it.
2. How we’ll tell you if this privacy policy changes
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes in our products or services, and changes in laws we have to comply with.
We’ll tell you about those changes at least 14 days before the changes come into effect. If we have to make changes to protect the security of your information, or to comply with a change in the law, we can tell you after we’ve made the change.
Our website will always have the current version of this privacy policy
To keep up to date with how and what we do with your information and your rights,
download the Master Privacy Policy
PDF 147KB
or ask for a copy in a branch.
How we’ll tell you about changes to this privacy policy
Depending on how significant the changes are, we’ll tell you about changes in one or more of the following ways:
putting a notice on our website
sending you an email or notifying you through internet or mobile banking
displaying information in our branches and Partners Centres.
3. How we collect personal information
We collect information when you interact with us, and from third parties.
When you apply for products or services
We collect two types of information when you apply for a product or service.
Information we use to help confirm your identity
Personal and contact details, signatures, and biometric details you provide to us, like your photo or voice identification.
Government issued identifiers or documents such as your driver licence, passport, IRD number, or birth certificate.
Information that verifies your identity, including RealMe and documents that verify your address.
Information that helps us decide if a product’s right for you
Income and expenses, credit and debit card numbers, tax details, visa status, and financial history.
Valuations or information relating to assets – for example, property or KiwiSaver.
Your employment, health, lifestyle or social relationships.
Your interactions with us.
When you’re a customer, use our products or services, or interact with us
We collect three types of information when you use our products or services.
Information on your payments and transactions, and insurance claims
Payment and transaction data including the date, time, amount, frequency, type, location, origin and recipients.
This data also includes details of repayments and whether they’re made on time and in full.
Information on your insurance cover or claims.
Information on how you use our products or services, or interact with us
Whether you access our services online, on an app, or in branches and Partners Centres.
How you interact with us when you use social media, take part in competitions or promotions, or come into our branches and Partners Centres.
Whether you use a computer or mobile to connect to our services, and data on how you use our services.
Analytics such as viewing and device data about how you use our services – for example, which pages you visit on our websites and the type of device you are visiting on.
Any audio or video recordings we make when you interact with us – for example, CCTV recordings when you’re in a branch or when you use an ATM, and recordings of any video, webchat, or voice call with us.
Information automatically generated during calls to and from BNZ, including transcriptions of call recordings and metadata.
Information we are required to collect from you to manage any requests you make to us.
Information you give us when you answer questions we ask or when you give us feedback
Your views on products or services, or information that might help us better understand this.
Information you give us when we carry out a Customer Needs Review, such as your current needs and future goals.
Information you give us to confirm or update our records.
Information you give us when you raise a concern or complaint, or give us feedback about how we are doing.
When you use our websites, apps, and social media channels
We collect personal information when you use our websites, apps, and social media profiles. This information could include your social media handles, IP address and location data from your devices.
We use cookies and other software to collect information
You can find out more about how we use cookies in our
cookies policy
.
We aren’t responsible for privacy policies on third-party apps and websites
Sometimes our apps and websites have links to third-party apps and websites. We take care when we choose websites we link to, but we aren’t responsible for their content, accuracy, or privacy practices.
When we work with third parties or use their information
We collect personal information about you from third parties, so we can offer you products or services you’ve applied for and run our business efficiently.
When you apply for a product or service
You ask a third party – a legal or financial adviser, a surveyor or valuer – to give us information.
You agree that we can ask health service providers or doctors for information about you when you apply for particular products or services.
You agree that we can check if a product or service is right for you – this may mean we run a credit check on you with a credit reporting agency, or check employment references you’ve given us.
When we work with third parties to offer you products or services
We work with third parties to offer you products or services – for example, brokers, credit card providers, or our related companies.
They introduce you to us so we can offer you products and services – for example, loyalty programs, a car dealership that helps arrange loans, or a financial services company.
We work with BNZ Investment Services Limited and the FirstCape Group to provide and administer wealth and KiwiSaver products.
When we work with third parties to help run our businesses
They give us legal, financial or marketing advice, or advice to help us run our business. This can include transactional information like international payments, and details of repayments.
They help us detect and prevent fraud, scams and other financial crime. For example, the Financial Crime Prevention Network.
They help us comply with laws. For example, government bodies like Inland Revenue or the police.
They are publicly available sources – for example, news articles and social media content, and public or government registers.
They help us or a third party get in touch with you in an emergency.
You can decide not to provide your information, but it will limit what we can do for you
You can choose not to give us some of your personal information. However, if you don’t, we may not be able to:
offer you the products or services that you want
manage your products or services
respond to or help with your questions
confirm your identity or protect you against fraud.
4. How we use personal information
We use your personal information when you apply for our products and services, when you’re a customer, and when you use our free products and services. We also use this information to manage our business efficiently and develop new products.
When you apply for a product or service
We’ll use your personal information to confirm your identity, process your application, and tell you if we can or can’t offer you a product or service. We may also use the information to confirm you can act on behalf of another customer.
When you apply for a product or service, we have to decide if it’s right for you. We’ll use your personal information to:
run checks on your credit history
decide if you meet the conditions we set for a product or service
decide if we’ll need a guarantor or security
offer you the right products and services to help you achieve your goals.
When you use any of our products and services
When you use our products and services, including the free ones, we’ll use your personal information to communicate with you about those products and services. We’ll keep a record of how we can contact you – for example, by email, phone, or text message.
Personal information helps us do what you ask us to
We use personal information to do the things you expect us to do when you sign up for a product or service. This includes:
managing our day-to-day business and keeping business records
making and managing payments
assisting with insurance claims
preparing and sending statements that set out fees, charges and interest
helping with KiwiSaver services
working with other companies to deliver or improve our products or services and communications.
We may also use your information to decide when to:
suggest better ways to use our products and services, or tell you about new features
tell you about a product or service we think will meet your needs
inform you when your accounts may require attention or action
support you when you are experiencing financial difficulty.
We may also use your information to do things that are out of the everyday, like help:
keep people safe – for example, to find out if our customers are experiencing financial abuse
track payments and transactions – for example, locating a payment made to an incorrect bank account.
When we market products or services to you or provide personalised recommendations
We use your personal information to decide what marketing or personalised information to send you. We may use your information to deliver marketing that is relevant to your interests, or recommendations based on products or services you use. We may partner with third parties to collect information about how you use our websites and apps. This helps to improve the relevance of the marketing you see.
Marketing messages we send you may include news about products or services we believe will be relevant to you.
You can opt out of our marketing communications
If you ask us not to send you any email marketing materials or research surveys, we’ll make that change in our systems as soon as we can. You can opt out of our email marketing communications by:
clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ links when you get marketing emails
calling our contact centre on
0800 275 269
going into any of our
branches
.
If you do opt out, we still have to send you operational communications. These may include messages that:
are about your products or services – for example, we’ll tell you when a term deposit is about to come to an end
we have to send to comply with New Zealand laws – for example, to tell you about an interest rate change on your home loan.
When we manage our business
We use your information to run our day-to-day operations.
Personal information helps us run our business efficiently
We use personal information to do the kind of things most companies do, for example:
preparing management reports and business plans
recovering money that customers owe us.
We also do things that financial services companies need to do, for example:
managing financial and other risks for our business and our customers
monitoring our systems for, and helping to protect our customers against, fraud or financial crime
planning, building and monitoring systems and processes for lending money.
Personal information helps us improve our offers and our customer service
We constantly look for ways to improve our products or services, and our standard of customer service. We use personal information to help us:
find ways to improve customer service – for example, we may use recorded calls for staff training and quality improvement
add new features to or improve our products or services, and develop new products or services
help resolve any queries you may have about your interactions with us, including complaints
make sure we can correct any errors in the services you have received, such as contacting you to arrange refunds
come up with ideas on ways to help people manage their money.
Personal information helps us understand how you interact with us
We use personal information to perform analytics activities. We use analytics tools to measure activity on our website and for our products and services. We then combine that information with other data. This helps us:
identify and understand trends about how customers interact with our products, services, and platforms
improve our products and services, and create new ones that fit our customers’ needs better
analyse and understand risks more effectively.
When we must comply with our legal obligations
We have to comply with several New Zealand laws and some overseas laws. We may have to use personal information to comply with our obligations:
to agencies that prevent or investigate unlawful activities like fraud, money laundering or other illegal activities
to regulatory or government bodies like Inland Revenue and the police
under the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Financing of Terrorism Act 2009 and the Credit Contracts and Consumer Finance Act 2003.
5. When we share personal information, and who we share it with
We share information with our related companies and other third parties. We only share personal information when we’re allowed to under New Zealand or international laws, or when we’re legally required to.
When we share information outside BNZ
We share personal information with third parties who aren’t our related companies when:
we do something that’s part of a product or service – for example, we make a payment you set up or send you a statement you asked for
we develop or update our systems and make changes to our products or services
you, or someone with authority over your account, says we can – for example, you may give us permission to confirm your salary with your employer, or to share your information with a credit reporting agency
we have to defend or enforce our rights – for example, to collect money owed to us
we have to comply with our legal obligations in New Zealand or overseas
we need to participate in resolving a dispute with you – for example, responding to complaints made to the Banking Ombudsman
we need to protect our business interests – for example, to help us detect or prevent fraud, scams, and other unlawful activity, and to manage our risk
we work with third parties who provide products and services to you – for example, wealth or KiwiSaver products.
Who we share your information with
We share personal information with:
our related companies
credit reporting agencies
companies we work with to offer products or services, such as BNZ Investment Services Limited, or the FirstCape Group
companies who help us deliver and manage our products or services
government, dispute resolution, and regulatory bodies
companies, individuals, and service providers you’ve given us permission to share information with
industry groups that we’re members of, for example, the Financial Crime Prevention Network and the Anti-Scam Centre
organisations and individuals that can offer specialist assistance, for example, Age Concern or a family member when we suspect a customer is the victim of elder abuse.
Some of the organisations we share information with may be overseas. These organisations may have to comply with laws that require them to disclose your personal information.
We share information with our related companies
We share and combine personal information BNZ holds with our related companies to get a better picture of your needs, to run our business, meet our obligations, and deliver products or services that require collaboration between our specialist entities.
We share information with credit reporting agencies
Credit reporting agencies may use that information to deliver a credit report (or credit score) to a company that runs a credit check on you. As a responsible lender, we participate in comprehensive credit reporting.  This means we provide credit reporting agencies with monthly updates on what credit accounts our customers have and whether they are meeting their repayments.
Credit reporting agencies have to comply with the Credit Reporting Privacy Code – you can find out more about the Code on the
Privacy Commissioner’s website
.
We share information with third parties we work with to offer products or services
We share personal information with companies we work with to offer our products or services to their customers.
We also share information with companies we agree can offer their products and services to our customers – for example BNZ Investment Services Limited and the FirstCape Group for wealth and KiwiSaver products.
We share information with third parties who help us deliver products or services
We share personal information with a range of third parties who help us deliver and manage our products or services.
These third parties include:
brokers and organisations providing financial advice services
accountants, auditors, and lawyers
companies that help us manage insurance risk, including our re-insurers and underwriters
companies and individuals who provide a service to us that requires them to process or store personal information on our behalf such as social media platforms and other digital advertisers for targeted advertising
companies and individuals who help us develop new products or services
agencies and institutions that help us manage our risk or prevent and identify fraudulent activity, for example through industry risk-sharing agreements
rating agencies who give our investment products financial ratings
companies that collect or purchase debts, or help with financial recoveries
organisations we may assign or transfer our rights or obligations to – for example, rights in relation to home loans.
We also share your information with anyone who you have told us may act as a guarantor for you, or is one of your guarantors.
We share information with government, dispute resolution, and regulatory bodies
We share information with government and regulatory bodies for two reasons:
the law requires us to tell them – for example, when a customer gives us fraudulent information, or commits – or tries to commit – an offence
the law requires us to share information with authorities like Inland Revenue, the Reserve Bank of New Zealand, or the Office of the Privacy Commissioner. These authorities may share this information with other parties.
We also share information with dispute resolution bodies like the Banking Ombudsman when asked to respond to any complaints they receive from our customers.
We share information with industry groups that we’re members of, such as the Financial Crime Prevention Network, to help us detect and prevent fraud, scams, and unlawful activity.
We share information with companies, individuals, and service providers when you’ve given us permission.
We’ll share information with companies when you ask us to.
And you may give us permission to share your information with others – for example:
an employer who can confirm your salary
third parties who can confirm information you’ve given us, or give us information we need – for example, real estate agents, valuers, insurers, underwriters, and brokers
organisations or individuals that provide budgeting services
doctors or health professionals who can confirm information you’ve given us
service providers you use and ask us to share your information with, such as accounting platforms you use.
6. How we protect personal information
Your privacy is important to us. We take protecting your personal information seriously.
Where and how we store your personal information
We store most of our personal information in New Zealand or in Australia.
We store personal information electronically and physically. We store electronic information in facilities in New Zealand and overseas:
that we manage
that are managed by third parties (including cloud storage facilities).
How we protect your information
We comply with international laws that set out how to protect both BNZ and customer information.
We protect your information in a range of ways.
We have a cybersecurity team that looks after and protects your information. This team helps prevent, detect and respond to cybersecurity events and incidents.
We train all our customer-facing staff on privacy and security, and make sure they get regular updates.
We have a team that checks on third parties we work with when we share personal information to make sure they work to agreed standards.
How we protect your information when we transfer it outside BNZ
When we transfer your information outside BNZ, it may be to a company in New Zealand or overseas. Our contract with the company will require the company to protect your personal information.
We’ll use reasonable security safeguards, like file encryption, to protect your personal information.
What we do if a privacy breach occurs
If we believe that a privacy breach has occurred, we’ll identify the issue and take steps to minimise any harm.
If we believe the breach has caused, or is likely to cause serious harm, we’ll contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner. We may also contact customers who may be affected by the breach.
If you believe a privacy breach has occurred, please
contact us
as soon as possible.
How long we keep your information for
We’re required to hold personal information by the Companies Act 1993, the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Financing of Terrorism Act 2009, the Financial Transactions Reporting Act 1996, and other New Zealand and international laws.
We usually have to hold personal information for at least seven years. But we keep certain types of information for longer, even if you’re no longer a customer, for example, superannuation records.
7. You have the right to access and correct personal information
You, or someone you give authority to, has the right to request access to or correct your personal information.
You can request information about someone else if you have legal authority
You can request to access or correct someone else’s information if you have legal authority – for example, if you have a power of attorney.
You can access or correct certain information online, by phone, or in a branch
In most cases you can access or correct your information yourself and you won’t need to submit a request. The fastest way for you to access or correct your everyday information is to use internet banking. Or you can call us, or come into a branch, and we’ll do it for you.
Everyday requests for information are for things like:
balances and transaction history, tax or bank statements, and KiwiSaver information
viewing or confirming product details like home loans and interest rates
updates to personal information like an email, postal address or phone number.
If the information you want is not available using everyday channels, for example, the information is unusual, complex or sensitive, you may need to make a request for your personal information so we can gather it for you.
Find out how to make a request to access or correct your personal information
If you don’t have internet access, or you want to talk to us about how to access or correct your information, call us on
0800 275 269
or
go into a branch
.
Keeping you updated if you make a request
We’ll normally get back to you with a response within 20 working days. We may take longer in certain situations. We will keep you up to date throughout the process.
Please tell us if your request is urgent, and why, and we’ll take this into account.
We don’t normally charge a fee to complete personal information requests. If we are going to charge a fee, we’ll talk to you before we go ahead.
8. Your rights if you live outside New Zealand
If you live overseas, New Zealand privacy laws and this privacy policy still apply to your personal information.
International privacy laws may also apply to you
If you reside outside of New Zealand, other international privacy or data protection laws may apply to you – for example, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR). These international laws may set out additional rights, such as the right to erasure, restriction of processing, data portability or the right to have human intervention in automated decision-making.
If you move back to New Zealand, the New Zealand privacy laws will apply.
How to make a request under another country’s privacy laws
If you think these international laws apply, please email us at
privacy@bnz.co.nz
with your request and details of where you reside.
9. How to get in touch with us
We care about your privacy and welcome your feedback.
Get in touch if you have a question or complaint about privacy
Our Privacy Officer monitors how we comply with privacy laws.
If you have any questions, feel that your privacy has been compromised in any way, or want to make a complaint, please contact the Privacy Officer:
by email, at
privacy@bnz.co.nz
by letter at:
Privacy Officer
Level 4
80 Queen Street
Auckland 1010
New Zealand
What to do if you’re not satisfied with our resolution process
If you’ve been through our complaints and resolution process but aren’t satisfied, you can use one of the below independent dispute resolution services:
For privacy complaints
Office of the New Zealand Privacy Commissioner
Online:
privacy.org.nz
Phone: 0800 803 909
(From overseas) +64 (0)4 474 7590
Email:
enquiries@privacy.org.nz
For general banking complaints
Office of the New Zealand Banking Ombudsman
Online:
bankomb.org.nz
Phone: 0800 805 950
(From overseas) +64 (0)4 915 0400
Email:
help@bankomb.org.nz
Was this page helpful?
Yes
No
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.bnz.co.nz/about-us/governance/privacy-policy/open-banking-privacy-statement:
Jump to content
JavaScript is required to view this page. Please enable it or refer to the
minimum requirements
.
Open banking privacy statement
Find out how your information is used, collected, shared, and kept safe with open banking.
Summary of open banking
We have introduced secure technology and processes to let you share your information with your trusted chosen service providers. This supports them (and sometimes us) to provide new ways to manage your money.
We only connect with service providers we have agreements with, requiring them to meet security and other obligations. These connections are developed to international best practice standards and use bank grade security.
When using open banking, you can authorise us to work with your chosen service providers and let them, for example:
use your BNZ account information to offer you services you want (for example, allowing you to manage multiple bank accounts and financial products in one place)
initiate payments on your behalf (for example, allowing you to make payments direct from your account without needing to set up a direct debit or enter card details).
You can also ask us to set up regular transactions that you don’t need to approve each time, as long as they’re within boundaries you set. For example, you could send transaction information from selected accounts each day to a money manager, or make a payment once a month to your power company as long as it’s below a dollar amount you set. This is sometimes called an “enduring consent”.
For more information about how we collect, use and share your personal information, you can read our
Master privacy policy
.
Information we share
We only share information that you authorise us to. During a secure session we have with you, you will authorise that you want us to share your account information with, or make a payment through, an application or service provided by your chosen service provider.
As part of the secure session, we will summarise on a screen your instructions, for you to authorise. This screen tells you the name of the service provider requesting access to your information, and the details of the information they’ll be getting or the payment they’ll be helping you to make.
Using your information
How the service provider uses your information will depend on the service provider’s terms and conditions and privacy policy. When you choose to share information with your chosen service provider through open banking channels, it’s their legal responsibility to store and use it safely. At that point, we will not have control over how your information is used, collected, shared and kept safe. You should read the service provider’s terms and conditions and privacy policy and make sure you understand what they’ll do with your information.
Controlling your information
With open banking, you are always in control. Any information-sharing or payments are always authorised by you before they happen. You can stop sharing your information, cancel any future payments, or check the details of any enduring consents, at any time, through Internet Banking.
Keeping your information safe
If you don’t recognise the service provider, or you’re unsure why they’re requesting access to your information, then you should decline the request or delay the authorisation until you have checked this with the service provider.
Service providers outside New Zealand
While most service providers using open banking will be based in New Zealand, you should be aware that some service providers may be based in – or transfer your information to – other countries. These countries may not have safeguards for personal information that are comparable to those in New Zealand.
Concerns
If you have any concerns about any of your chosen service providers, or about how they’re using your information, we recommend you contact them first. If the service provider isn’t able to resolve your concern to your satisfaction, we may be able to help, so get in touch.
If you have any concerns about our performance of an action you have authorised us to take, or you think we have acted without your authorisation, please let us know.
If we have any concerns about a service provider, we may notify you and give you the opportunity to stop sharing your information with them.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.bnz.co.nz/assets/bnz/about-us/Governance/bnzisl-privacy-policy.pdf?96cde4265a850efb9ca607c89fca9537ba0b1b90:

Sub-policy 2
https://www.bnz.co.nz/assets/about-us/governance/pdfs/Master-Privacy-Policy-2.0.pdf?247c785295662e897f90a7ab0272f677593ac150:

Sub-policy 3
http://privacy.org.nz/privacy-act-2020/codes-of-practice/crpc2020/:
Our website uses cookies so we can
analyse our site usage and
give you the best experience. Click "Accept" if you’re happy with this, or click "More" for information about cookies on our site, how to opt out, and how to disable cookies altogether.
More
Accept ×
We respect your Do Not Track preference.
Close ×
Home
/
Privacy Act 2020
/
Codes of practice
/
Credit Reporting Privacy Code 2020
Privacy Act 2020
About the code
The Credit Reporting Privacy Code (CRPC) applies specific rules to credit reporters to ensure the protection of individual privacy.
It addresses the credit information collected, held, used, and disclosed by credit reporters.
For credit reporters the code takes the place of the information privacy principles.
Read the full code
Credit Reporting Privacy Code 2020
Request your credit report
There are three main credit reporting companies in New Zealand; Centrix, Equifax (formerly Veda), and illion (formerly Dun & Bradstreet). You can ask for your credit report from each company online:
Centrix
Equifax
illion
Summary of rights
The Credit Reporting Privacy Code 2020 gives you specific rights. These rights are summarised in the below document.
Credit Reporting Summary of Rights
You can access the summary of rights in the following languages:
Arabic
Fijian
Samoan
Simplified Chinese
Hindi
Spanish
Traditional Chinese
Korean
Tongan
Farsi
Māori
Credit reporters must display this summary on their websites and must provide it to people in certain circumstances, including when responding to a person's request for a copy of their credit report.
More information about this code
Information paper on changes to the CRPC 2020
Submissions received
Credit reporting assurance reports
Previous versions (now revoked)
2004
Credit Reporting Code 2004
(PDF)
Credit Reporting Code 2004
(Word)
2005
CRPC Amdmt 1
(Temporary) (Issued 5 August 2005. The amendment came into force on 1 April 2006 and expired on 8 August 2006.)
2006
CRPC Amdmt 2
(Issued on 24 February 2006. The amendment came into force on 1 April 2006 and revokes Amendment No 1 (Temporary).
2009
CRPC Amdmt 3
(Issued 18 December 2009. The amendment came into force on 22 February 2010).
-
Fact sheet 3 – Q&A – Notification of Comprehensive Reporting
2010
CRPC Amdmt 4
(Issued 14 December 2010. The amendment came into force on 1 October 2011 except for some clauses and subrule 11(3)(c) (in force on 1 April 2012).
- CRPC Amdmt 4 –
information paper
- CRPC Amdmt 4 –
background to changes
- CRPC Fact Sheet 1 –
FAQs on Amendment No 4
2011
CPRC Amdmt 5
(Issued 30 September 2011. Except as provided in clause 3.1 of Schedule 8, this amendment came into force on 1 April 2012).
- CRPC Amdmt 5 –
information paper
- CPRC Amdmt 5 –
background to changes
- CRPC Amdmt 5 –
Q&A
2012*
CRPC Amdmt 6
(Temporary) (Issued 26 March 2012*. This amendment came into force on 1 April 2012 and expired on 31 March 2013).
2013
CRPC Amdmt 7
(Issued 1 February 2013. This amendment came into force on 1 April 2013, except for clauses 3 and 4 – into force on 30 June 2013 and clause 6 – into force on 29 March 2013).
- CRPC Amdmt 7 -
Final information paper
CRPC Amdmt 8
(Issued 7 May 2013. This amendment came into force on 30 June 2013).
- Amdmt 8 -
information paper
2014
CRPC Amdmt 9
(Issued 21 July 2014. (This amendment came into force on 1 September 2014).
- CRPC Amdmt 9 –
information paper
- CRPC Amdmt 9 –
Background paper for submitters
2015
CRPC Amdmt 10
(Issued 5 October 2015. This amendment came into force on 5 November 2015).
- Amdmt 10 –
information paper
2017
CRPC Amdmt 11
(Issued 25 August 2017. This amendment came into force on 28 September 2017).
CRPC Amdmt 12
(Temporary) (Issued 20 September 2017. This amendment came into force on 28 September 2017 and expired on 18 September 2018).
2018
CRPC Amdmt 13
(Issued 15 August 2018. This amendment came into force on 18 September 2018).
CRPC Amdmt 14
(Issued 6 November 2018. This amendment came into force on 1 April 2019, apart from some clauses
Consolidated version of the CRPC 2004
incl. amdmts up to and including Amdmt No. 14 (consolidated as at 28 September 2017).
*A note about 2012 changes
Major changes to New Zealand's credit reporting system came into effect on 1 April 2012. The first change to the law allowed a "positive" credit reporting system to operate in the country for the first time. Until then, New Zealand had run a negative credit reporting system that recorded defaults, bankruptcies and court judgments.
The second key change would enable consumers to “freeze” their credit reports if they are a victim of fraud. This is also called “suppressing” credit reports. It will protect people at risk from having new credit accounts opened in their name.
Other changes that came into effect included:
Credit reporters prohibited from listing small defaults of less than $100 - traditionally an area of consumer dispute;
Credit providers permitted to use credit reports to "pre-screen" direct marketing lists - to help ensure that marketing for new credit products was responsible and not sent to those who could not afford more debt; and
Credit reporters would be required to send annual compliance reviews or assurance reports to the Privacy Commissioner to encourage systematic improvements to procedures to safeguard credit information and to maintain public confidence in the system.
Privacy Act 2020
Privacy Act 2020 and the Privacy Principles
Codes of practice
Civil Defence National Emergencies (Information Sharing) Code 2020
Credit Reporting Privacy Code 2020
Submissions
Assurance reports
Health Information Privacy Code 2020
Justice Sector Unique Identifier Code 2020
Superannuation Schemes Unique Identifier Code 2020
Telecommunications Information Privacy Code 2020
Information sharing involving government agencies
Privacy is precious campaign
Resources
Sub-policy 4
https://privacy.org.nz/:
Our website uses cookies so we can
analyse our site usage and
give you the best experience. Click "Accept" if you’re happy with this, or click "More" for information about cookies on our site, how to opt out, and how to disable cookies altogether.
More
Accept ×
We respect your Do Not Track preference.
Close ×
Nau mai, haere mai
Your privacy is precious; let us help you protect it.
Speaker applications are open for Privacy Week 2025
Privacy Amendment Bill – what you need to know
Biometrics Code consultation
Use our response calculator
Send an enquiry
Lodge a privacy issue with another agency
Notify Us of a breach
Make a privacy complaint
What's new on the website?
down arrow
Make a privacy complaint
We're keen to work with New Zealanders to get their privacy queries and complaints sorted quickly and fairly. Before you complain to us, you need to
complain directly to the business or organisation that you feel has breached your privacy.
If you haven’t been able to work out your privacy issue with them,
then you can complain to us
. We aim to ensure that you're treated fairly, whatever your background or circumstances. We work in accordance with the Human Rights Act 1993.
Lodge a privacy issue with another agency
(external link)
.
Use our Response Date Calculator for access and correction requests
.
Answer your questions about privacy breaches
.
Fill in our online enquiry form
.
Make a privacy complaint to us
(external link)
.
We review all the complaints we receive. If we can resolve them quickly, we will. If your case requires a complicated or comprehensive investigation, then owing to high volumes, the wait time for an investigator is up to six months.
Privacy Amendment Bill: what you need to know
The Privacy Amendment Bill is making its way through Parliament, and we know organisations are starting to think about how this will impact them. We’ve put together key information on the Bill, which we’ll update as it progresses.
Read more about our upcoming guidance, how you can be involved or ask for what you need, and what the timing looks like for this work
(external link)
.
Agencies: report a data breach
If you're an organisation and have a privacy breach that is likely to cause anyone serious harm, you are legally required to notify us and any affected persons as soon as you can.
As a guide, our expectation is that a breach notification should be made to our Office no later than 72 hours after agencies are aware of a notifiable privacy breach.
Work out whether you need to notify us
.
How long is 72 hours
(external link)
?
Do I need to notify my privacy breach
(external link)
?
Notify Us of a privacy breach
Commissioner to proceed with biometrics privacy code
The Privacy Commissioner will proceed with developing a privacy code of practice to create specific rules for agencies using biometrics.
We’ve made several important changes to the draft code since our last consultation and are giving people a further chance to have their say. Consultation is open now until 14 March 2025.
Learn more about the code and have your say
(external link)
.
Use our free e-learning tools
We can help you and your workmates learn about privacy, or sharpen your skills with our free e-learning tools. There are 10 free courses to choose from, and they are all run as online learning modules. Learn at your own pace and receive a certificate of completion.
Topics range
from Privacy 101 to specialist topics like health and education. You can learn more about reporting privacy breaches, approved information sharing agreements (AISA) and more.
Get learning with our e-learning modules
(external link)
.
Our news and views
Read our latest media releases and news.
Subscribe to Privacy News, our free monthly newsletter.
See case notes and court decisions.
Order free brochures for your customers or clients.