Personal data
Summary
Michelin is committed to protecting your personal information and being clear and transparent about what information we collect and how we will use it. This policy explains how any personal information we collect when you use our website or digital services, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
Please read the following policy carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it
Who we are and how we can be contacted
Our websites covered by this privacy policy
About our Privacy Manager
Other policies you should read
Information we collect from you
Information we collect about you from other places
Where we store your personal information
Sharing your personal information
How long will personal information be kept by us
Your rights under data protection legislation
What you can do if you’re not happy with how we use your information
About Data Security
Minority
Changes to our Privacy Policy
1. Who we are and how we can be contacted
Our full legal name is Manufacture Française des Pneumatiques Michelin (“Michelin”) and we are the Data Controller. If you need to contact us you have a number of options:
You can send us a letter addressed to the Privacy Manager: 30, cours de l’Ile Seguin, 92105 Boulogne-Billancourt Cedex,
You can also contact us using our contact form on our website
here
,
You can also contact us by telephone on +33 (0)1 55 19 57 00/01.
2. Our websites covered by this privacy policy
The information set out in this policy is applicable to the following websites and mobile applications:
ViaMichelin
website available
here
and through the following local extensions (.fr, .co.uk, .ie, .de, .be, .it, .es, .pt, .nl, .at, .ch and .pl)
mobile application available on market mobile applications stores
Guide MICHELIN
website available
here
and through the local extensions accessible from the home page (City Selector)
mobile application available on market mobile applications stores
Michelin Business Solutions
website available
here
3. About our Privacy Manager
While everyone at Michelin is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, we have a Privacy Manager who deals with all aspect of personal data at Michelin. You can contact our Privacy Manager by sending an mail to
here
.
4. Other policies and information we encourage you to read
While this Privacy Policy contains all the information you need on how we collect and use your personal information on our websites, there is information in some other places which we encourage you to read.
Additional privacy policies
Our Cookie Policy
Linked Platforms
Additional privacy policies
This is our main privacy policy for your use of website and digital services and products offered by us. However, there may be additional information in privacy policy for specific digital products and services. Please read these policies when you register or subscribe to these products and services.
Our cookie policy
When you use our website and other digital products and services provided by us, information can be collected through cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website and other digital products and services. We have a separate Cookie Policy which explains our use of cookies and the purposes for which we use them. We encourage you to read our Cookie Policy
here
.
Linked platforms
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from our websites and digital platforms of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal information to these websites.
5. Information we may collect from you
This section sets out:
how we collect your personal information;
the categories of data that we collect;
a description of how we plan to use the information we collect;
the legal basis that we will rely on to process information collected.
We may collect and hold the following information about you:
Data collected
Purpose/Activity
Type of Data
Lawful basis for processing
Information you give to us when you enter a competition or promotion (“
Competition Data
”).
To enable us to send you further information about the competition or a prize if you are the competition winner. Unless we state otherwise when we collect your information, we will only use this information for managing and administer the competitions or promotions.
Competition Data might include, for example, your name, you email and your full address
The performance of an agreement between you and us to enter the competition or promotion.
Information you provide to us when you complete a survey or respond to a questionnaire or poll (“
Survey Data
”).
To collect information about a specific matter, for example, our services to you. In many cases surveys, questionnaires and polls are anonymous and we only collect personal information for statistical data. If this is not the case, we will let you know at the time of collecting the information.
Information may include your full name, your email address and other personal data requested.
We will use our legitimate interests in the monitoring and improvement of our products and services to our customers and users as the legal basis for processing Survey Data.
If you register for any of our digital products or services via an account we will request information to enable us to identify you and provide the products and services to you (“
Account Data
”).
Account data will be processed in order to provide you with the digital services to which you have subscribed (creation of a Michelin online account, membership of the loyalty program, etc.), to contact you about these digital products and services, to save the history of your favorites and routes and to back up our services.
Account data will include your surname, first name, e-mail address, date of birth, country, postal code, telephone number, favorite addresses, vehicles and tires, areas of interest, order history for Michelin or partner products and services, loyalty points accumulated and any other data related to the management of the loyalty program (login, password, etc.).
The performance of the agreement between you and us for the provision of the digital product and services is the legal basis for processing Account Data.
If you request further information from us by signing up to receive any of our newsletters or marketing communications (“
Marketing Data
”).
Marketing Data is processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters you have requested.
We will ask you for your name and email address so we can send you the information requested.
The legal basis for this processing is consent.
As part of our goods and services, Michelin may be required to create (
“Segmentation
” ) user groups
Segmentation or profiling is used to get to know you better in order to send you personalized offers, advertisements and communications.
Segments or profiles are made on the basis of information held by Michelin (account data, navigation data, purchase data, declarative data) or information collected as part of our relations with our partners (e.g. social networks, etc.). Michelin undertakes not to use, for segmentation and targeting purposes, information revealing sensitive or not relevant characteristic data.
The legal basis for this processing is consent and, in some cases, our legitimate interest.
Data from the
guidance feature
(ViaMichelin mobile application)
The data is processed to provide the GPS guidance feature, which enables the user to reach a destination by displaying the Michelin navigation map along with detailed instructions and spoken directions. The navigation map designed by Michelin adapts its style to day or night driving, and shows traffic conditions along the way. The data can also be used for mobility-related studies.
The following data are processed: geolocation data, origin and destination data, date.
The legal basis for this processing is consent.
For
mobility flow analysis
(ViaMichelin Web)
The data is used for statistical studies related to mobility flow analysis, and may be passed on to partners.
Calculated routes (journey intent) including city of departure, city of arrival and date of route calculation.
The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest.
When you provide us information (for example, the information set out in the scenarios above), in some cases we will also ask you for additional, voluntary information. This information will be identified as optional and is used to help us better understand our customers and tailor our services to them.
6. Information we collect about you from other places
We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other products and/or services we provide. We also work closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment services, analytics providers, search information providers and credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them.
The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website, products and services.
We may collect your location data, for example from the GPS functionality of your mobile device or deducted from your IP Address (“
Location Data
”). This data is used by us to provide our location-based services (GPS navigation service, road planner, research of nearby points of interests)
The legal basis for this processing is your consent.
We may collect information from our web servers’ logs, for example information about your computer, such as your IP address, operating system and browser type (“
Usage Data”
). This information is used by us for system administration and to analyse how people are using our websites and digital platforms. It also helps us to provide the best online infrastructure for your online activities.
The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website, products and services.
As mentioned above, we and our business partners collect information (“
Behavioural Data”
) using cookies or other similar technologies stored on your device about how you use our website, digital products and services (in particular about your display and search preferences, your search history, your location, the way you are surfing on /using our websites, products or newsletters such as mouse move, display duration and clicks). Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our websites, deliver a better and more personalised service to you based on your profile, interests and/or Location Data, display advertising also based on your profile, interests and/or Location Data and manage our relationship with our business partners. You can read our Cookie Policy
here
.
We may match your Behavioural Data with your Marketing Data to send you personalized notifications and/or newsletters.
The legal basis for this processing is your consent or, where relevant, our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website, products and services.
We also collect information from our social media sites, including likes, shares and tweets, and about the content on social networking sites. In particular, while using our Facebook connect functionality to subscribe or connect to Mon Compte Michelin, we may receive information from your Facebook public profile. You are informed about which data are transferred by the social media to us before proceeding to such transmission.
The legal basis for this processing is your consent.
ViaMichelin uses Mouseflow: an analytical website tool that enables a high-precision analysis and understanding of how a site is used and where our users can experience problems (friction). Mouseflow can record your clicks, mouse movements, scrolling, form filling (keystrokes) in non -excluded fields, pages visited and content, time spent on the site, the browser, the operating system, the type of device (desktop/laptop computer/mobile phone), screen resolution, type of visitor (first timer/recurring), referral source, anonymous IP address, location (town/country), language and similar metadata. Mouseflow does not collect data from pages on which it is not installed and does not monitor or collect data outside your web browser. Mouseflow automatically discounts keystrokes, which means that anything you type into a form or data field is never recorded. If you wish to oppose this analysis by Mouseflow, you can do so directly on their website at: https://mouseflow.com/opt-out. For more information about Mouseflow’s legal framework, you can read more on the following page: https://mouseflow.com/legal/gdpr/.
The legal basis for this processing is your consent.
7. Where we store your personal information – International Transfers of Personal Data
Michelin is an international group with databases in the various countries in which it operates. Michelin may transfer your personal data within the group to one of its databases or to its external partners located outside of your home country.
As levels of data protection vary worldwide, we do not transfer your personal data to Michelin group companies or to third-party companies outside of the European Union unless these companies offer the same or similar level of personal data protection as Michelin.
For transfers within Michelin group, we have adopted internal rules governing the transfer of personal data from the European Union or European Economic Area. By clicking on
BCRs
, you can find the details of these rules.
Transfers of data outside the Michelin group are governed by contracts containing the clauses of the European Commission for suppliers established outside the EU to guarantee a similar level of protection as that of your home country.
In practice, the personal data you provide to us by signing to receive our newsletters or marketing communications are hosted in the European Union by our subcontractor, but technical support is provided from the United States and therefore your personal data can be accessed from the United States. This transfer is governed by a contract containing the clauses of the European Commission as mentioned above.
While we are committed to keeping your personal information secure, the transmission of information online via the internet is not completely secure. We, together with our service providers will do our best to protect your personal information but information provided is at your sole risk.
8. Sharing your personal information
The recipients of your personal data are limited exclusively to the people who have a need to know such information to perform their responsibilities.
We may share your personal data as follows:
Within the Michelin Group
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries to the extent necessary for the same purposes of the initial processing set out in this policy. In particular, your contact data (email address, interests) can be shared with Michelin Group companies in order to know you better and personalize the experience that Michelin companies can bring you and sending you marketing offers and communications related to the newsletters to which you have subscribed.
To subcontractors
Michelin may share your personal data with subcontractors that Michelin may use to process your request or provide the services. These subcontractors are contractually obligated to keep the personal data they may have received confidential and secure and to use your personal data only on the basis of our instructions.
To third parties
For any legal reason
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Michelin Group, our customers, or others.
We may also need to send data for studies designed to provide the authorities with a better understanding of user mobility.
On the basis of your consent
Third parties can collect information about you on our website, products or services via cookies or similar technologies, in order for example to provide personalised ads or to make profiling. These cookies will be accepted by you in accordance with our Cookie Policy. You can read it
here
.
If you consented to receive Newsletters and offers from partners or other Michelin affiliates or brands  we can also transfer your Marketing Data or Segmentation Data to them, such as our business partner or Michelin Group Affiliates, in order to send you newsletters and marketing communications.
On the basis of our legitimate interest
ViaMichelin’s partners may have access to usage data that does not allow you to be re-identified (statistical data) and therefore does not constitute personal data. This data may be used for various purposes in connection with the production of statistical studies relating to the identification of tourist flows in a given area, as well as for road safety. These studies may subsequently be published by ViaMichelin or communicated to partners.
9. Marketing Communications
When you sign up for our newsletters or marketing communications (opt-in), we will use the information you have provided us, in principle your name and email address, to send you our newsletters: promotion, latest news, innovations and services of Michelin Group that guide your Mobility, gastronomy and hotel selection and inspirational content on the automotive world
Michelin and other Michelin companies identified at the time of your subscription will process your personal information for marketing communication purposes by email (i) on the basis of your consent, (ii) or if you are already a user of our services, provided that this communication relates to our similar products and services. Marketing communications are sent directly by Michelin (MFPM) or based on your communication preferences indicated in your settings by other identified Michelin companies.
In any case, you can unsubscribe or make stop direct marketing from us at any time either
by clicking on the unsubscribe option or preference center at the bottom of each marketing communication we send to you; and
by contacting us by email or letter using any of the contact details set out in this notice.
If you choose not to receive marketing emails from us, this will not affect service-related emails that are an integral part of the products and services provided by Michelin.
10. How long will personal information be kept by us
As a rule, we will not hold your personal information for any purpose or purposes for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes we collect it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
The main retention periods of your personal data that we follow are:
for Marketing Data, three years as from the latest date between the data collection and the last contact from you to us concerning our newsletters and marketing communications;
for Account Data, as long as you have an active account plus two years as from your last action on your account;
one year concerning Usage Data.
Once these time limits are expired, we will delete your personal information.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see your right to be deleted below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
11. Your rights under data protection legislation
Data protection legislation provides you with certain rights when it comes to the processing of your information. These are the right to:
The right to be informed
The right to access your information
The right to correct your information
The right to delete your information
The right to restrict processing
The right to transfer information
The right to object to processing
The right to provide instructions for your data after your death
The right to be informed
You have the right to be informed about how we collect and process your personal information, including who we are, how we use your personal information and your rights in relation to your personal information. We have gathered all the information you need in this privacy notice.
The right of access your information
You have the right to access the personal information we have on you. We can confirm whether or not your information is being processed and provide you with access to your personal information.
The right to correct your information
If your personal information is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to have that information corrected and updated. If we have disclosed your information to any third parties, where possible, we will inform them of any updates you provide to us. You can update the personal information we hold about you by contacting us using any of the contact methods details in this Privacy Policy.
The right to delete your information
You have the right to request the deletion or removal of your personal information where there is no reason for us to continue to process it. The circumstances in which you can request the right to be forgotten includes, where the information is no longer necessary in relation to the purpose for which it was originally collected or processed and where you have withdrawn your consent to processing.
There are some limited circumstance where the right to be forgotten does not apply – if you want to know, just ask.
The right to restrict processing
You also have the right to ‘block’ or suppress the processing of your personal information. If you request us to suppress your personal information, we will stop any further processing of it.
The right to transfer information
If you want to move or transfer your personal information to a different service provider or copy your information for your own purposes, you have the right to have your information transferred to another person.
The right to object
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your information for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your information. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at
here
.
The right to provide instructions for your data after your death
You also have the right to tell us what you want us to do with your data after your death. We will register and, if we learn that such event occurred, comply with your instructions.
You can find further information on your data protection rights from the Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés website available at
http://www.cnil.fr
or on your local supervisory authority website.
12. What can you do if you’re not happy
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. However, if you’re not happy with how we collect or process your information or just want some further information on your rights, you can contact us in the following ways:
You can send us a letter addressed to the Privacy Manager, 30, cours de l’Ile Seguin, 92105 Boulogne-Billancourt Cedex,
You can also contact us using our contact form on our website
here
.
We will work with you to resolve any issues you may have and aim to answer any question raised by you as soon as possible.
You can also make a complaint to CNIL (further information can be found
here
) or your local supervisory authority website.
13. About Data Security
Michelin has implemented measures to protect the privacy, security and integrity of your personal data. Access to personal data is restricted to those employees and service providers who need to know this information and who have been trained to comply with rules on confidentiality.
On Michelin’s commercial sites, banking information will be collected (if any) for the purposes of effective, legal secure payment processes. These measures may consist of SSL encryption (intended to make the data unreadable to others) during the collection or transfer of confidential data. Said information will be used only for purposes of online payment and will not be retained.
Michelin ensures that your personal data are not altered, damaged or accessed by unauthorized third parties.
14. Minority
Our website is not directed to minor children according to relevant regulations. If you are a minor child (in any case if you are under the age of thirteen), please do not use our website without your holder of parental responsibility supervision. If you learn that your minor child has provided us with personal information without your supervision, please contact us.
15. Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change our policy from time to time. Any changes we make to this policy in the future will be posted on this page. If you have an online account with us, we may notify you of any changes by email or through your account the next time you log on.
(version 20  – October 2023)
Feel like getting away from it all?
See our suggestions for novel trips and must-see places to visit near your home or holiday destination.
Sign up for the newsletter