App Store
Preview
Open the Mac App Store to buy and download apps.
Screenshots
iPad
iPhone
Description
Please update to 1.6 to clear issues with iPhone 5, thanks for your patience.
*** The Main Menu now only needs a single tap to activate a scene from v1.3 - LCB xxx.
Are you there Charley Bear?  Select your favourite adventures and join Little Charley Bear in his amazing imaginary worlds with 'Match and Play' a FREE and easy-to-use new game that's great fun for preschoolers!
The Match and Play game features all of the most-loved characters from the hit series, along with great clips, music, and famous voices including Gavin & Stacey star, James Corden.
To use, simply double click to select an adventure, watch the clip, drag and drop Little Charley Bear's props, then play the scene and see Charley's imagination come to life.
Explore four different scenes including:
Up Up and Away! - Little Charley Bear is flying in his plane and needs to deliver Midge's birthday present! Match the shapes to complete the scene then watch as Charley flies in his plane!
Safari - Help Little Charley Bear get ready for an exciting Safari adventure. Join Charley, Midge and Nibblit as they delve into the jungle!
Racing - Little Charley Bear is a racing driver! Get him ready to race with his friends and watch him lift the trophy!
Circus - There is plenty of time for clowning around. Join Charley, Frozo and Midge as they prepare for lots of fun at the Circus!
IT'S AMAZING WHAT YOU CAN DO WITH YOUR IMAGINATION!
Look out for updates that feature more themes - there is no end to the fun a child can have with Little Charley Bear, and best of all... it's completely FREE!
Watch out for new apps from Little Charley Bear!
© Chapman Entertainment Limited and Annix Limited 2011.
Why not check out our other great Apps?
"Cloudbabies" - a beautiful new App coming very soon! ! !
"SmileyWorld"
"Poppy Cat"
"Roary the Racing Car - Rollin' Road"
"Spook'em"
"Slippy Feet"
and our Halloween specials:
"Spook'em 2"
"Fun Book 1: Halloween"
more
What’s New
Version History
11 Sept 2013
Version 1.6
Bug fix for iPhone 5
graphical improvements for iPad3, iPad 4
Ratings and Reviews
4.3
out of 5
4 Ratings
4 Ratings
Great for little charley bear fans!
My daughter loves this game, as much for the charley bear shorts as the match up games. It's a lovely app that she keeps going back to again and again. The one touch on the scene select screen is a big improvement, but since that change, the circus match game isn't working properly, as in the outlines for the objects drop down but then disappear so you don't know where to put them... One for the next update!
more
V. Good
Brilliant app my son love it!!!
App Privacy
See Details
The developer,
Liddells Limited
, has not provided details about its privacy practices and handling of data to Apple.
No Details Provided
The developer will be required to provide privacy details when they submit their next app update.
Information
Provider
Liddells Limited has identified itself as a trader for this app and confirmed that this product or service complies with European Union law.
DUNS Number
225261764
Address
54 Greenacres Road
OLDHAM
OL4 1HB
United Kingdom
Phone Number
+44 7798834159
Email
liddellian61@gmail.com
Size
294.4 MB
Category
Games
Compatibility
iPhone
Requires iOS 4.3 or later.
iPad
Requires iPadOS 4.3 or later.
iPod touch
Requires iOS 4.3 or later.
Mac
Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later.
Apple Vision
Requires visionOS 1.0 or later.
Languages
English
Age Rating
4+
Copyright
© Chapman Entertainment Limited and Annix Limited 2011.
Price
Free
Developer Website
App Support
Developer Website
App Support
You Might Also Like
See All
Human Heroes Atom Blast
Games
123 Kids Fun Animal Games
Games
EduKitchen-Toddlers Food Games
Games
My Talking Dog 2
Games
Ludo World : King of Ludo
Games
Happy Chicken: New Friends
Games
Sub-section Policy: 