With the following information, we would like to give you an overview of the processing of your personal data within the scope of the installation and usage of the "Stocard" mobile application (hereinafter referred to as app) and your rights from data protection laws.
Which data is processed and how this is used is based on if you use the app without explicit consent to this data protection statement (see section 2 a) to c)) or you have given consent to the processing of your personal data within the app (see section 2 d) to h)).
1. Who is responsible for data processing and who can I contact?
The responsible position is:
Stocard GmbH
Glücksteinallee 25
Quartier Hoch 4
68163 Mannheim
You can reach our data protection officer at:
Stocard GmbH
Data protection officer
Glücksteinallee 25
Quartier Hoch 4
68163 Mannheim
Email address:
privacy@stocardapp.com
2. What sources and data do we use?
In connection with the installation and usage of the app, we collect, process and use the data described below to find out which companies, products or other topics you are interested in and which information and offers from our partner companies are relevant for you to be able to use the functions of our app on this basis as needed and to provide you with the most relevant information and offers from our partner companies in the app.
If you use the app, we collect, process and use the following data for the previously listed purposes to fulfill our contractual obligations in terms of art. 6 para. 1 b GDPR or based on entitled interest in terms of art. 6 para. 1 f GDPR (this means interest in the analysis, optimization and efficient operation of our app):
a)
Card data
: To be able to use the functions of the app, you have to provide your loyalty card and customer number from a card provider. This card data is converted for the contractually agreed upon purposes, this means into the respective barcode, and then used within the scope of the app as well as to protect against abuse and - if additionally agreed upon - the provision of other services.
b)
Usage data
: If you use the app, we collect and save how you use the card (for example, card used, time, number of points).
c)
Location data
: If you allow the app to access the location function on your mobile device, Stocard is entitled to use the corresponding location data (so-called location-based data) to design the app as needed, to deliver location-related information and for advertising. Stocard only accesses this data in an anonymous form. There is no further usage or sharing of this location-based data from the respective user. For the location-based data, the Stocard app uses the GPS module from the mobile device, the IP address or cellular network data (cell ID) from the respective user.
We also use the previously listed data in an anonymized form for market research and to create anonymized statistics.
If you consent to the respective data processing within the scope of the app, we can process and use your data for the respectively specified purposes:
d)
Registration data
: When applying for a new loyalty card, usually your name and your email address and any other mandatory information are needed (basic data). This basic data and further voluntarily disclosed data (for example, telephone number) is collected, saved and used by Stocard within the scope of the registration of the respective loyalty card. The basic data, any voluntary information and, if necessary, their changes (application data) will be sent to the partner company by Stocard for the further processing and issuing of the respective customer card where you apply for the respective customer card. If you have agreed to have your application data forwarded to a partner company, this consent also applies to other customer cards that you apply for through the app. Any transfer of personal data to third parties going beyond this only occurs - except in the case of a concrete suspicion of abuse - if and provided that you have given Stocard separate consent to this transmission. Furthermore, the customer card conditions from the respective partner apply, which are linked correspondingly and you have given separate consent.
e)
Interface data
: if you have logged into your user account from a card provider through the app, we will collect and save the respective point status and the shared transactions or other offers provided to you (such as card-linked coupons or personalized offers). The respective login data is saved to ensure easy access to this interface or other interfaces in the future where you can also use this login data.
f)
Personalized offers
: If you consent to the delivery of personalized offers from our partner companies (for example, rebate coupons), we can share your card number with general information about your usage of the app with the respective card provider so that we can send you personalized offers (including card-linked coupons) through the app or through other electronic channels (for example, by email or messenger).
g)
Data privacy statement for receiving PAYBACK points balance and transactions
: You can enter the password for your PAYBACK account in the Stocard app in order to display your PAYBACK points and your PAYBACK transactions. After entering your credentials, we will collect and securely transmit your password to PAYBACK, in order to request your data from PAYBACK and display it in Stocard. To facilitate future requests, we will store your password in Stocard.
h)
Data privacy statement for receiving DeutschlandCard points balance and transactions
:
You can enter the password for your DeutschlandCard account in the Stocard app in order to display your DeutschlandCard points and your DeutschlandCard transactions.
After entering your credentials, we will collect and securely transmit your password to DeutschlandCard, in order to request your data from DeutschlandCard and display it in Stocard. To facilitate future requests, we will store your password in Stocard.
3. What do we process your data for (purpose of processing) and on which legal basis?
We process personal data in agreement with the regulations of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the German Data Protection Regulation:
a) To fulfill contractual obligations (art. 6 para. 1 b. GDPR)
The processing of data occurs primarily to be able to provide the services and functions from our app.
b) Within the scope of the consideration of interests (art. 6 para. 1 f. GDPR)
If necessary, we will process your data beyond the actual fulfillment of the contract to preserve entitled interests from us or third parties, for example,
to design the app as needed,
to examine and optimize the procedure for the analysis of requirements for the purpose of direct customer contact,
for advertising or market and opinion research, provided that you have not objected to the usage of your data,
to preserve IT security,
to control and develop our app.
c) Based on your consent (art. 6 para. 1 a GDPR)
If you have given us express consent (opt-in) to process personal data for the respective purposes within the corresponding functions of the app (for example, application for a customer card from a partner, login to your user account from a card provider, delivery of personalized offers (so-called card-linked coupons), the legality of this processing (for example, forwarding the data to third parties) is given on the basis of your consent. 
Granted consent can be revoked at any time. This also applies to the revocation of declarations of consent that have been granted to us before the applicability of the GDPR, therefore before May 25, 2018. The revocation of consent does not affect the legality of the data processed until revocation.
4. How are third-party services integrated?
On the basis of our entitled interests in terms of art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. GDPR (this means interest in the analysis, optimization and efficient operation of our app), we use the following third-party services:
a) Mixpanel: we use Mixpanel in our app - a service offered by Mixpanel Inc. (Mixpanel), 405 Howard Street, Floor 2, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA  to collect technical data from our app and website in a pseudo-anonymous manner so that we can better understand how users interact with our app. Mixpanel is used to be able to better understand and track activities within the app as well as to inform you based directly on your activities. You can find more information about Mixpanel at
https://mixpanel.com/terms
. You can opt out of this data processing at any time through
https://mixpanel.com/optout
.
b) Firebase Analytics: We use the "Firebase Analytics" analysis service from Google Inc. (Google), 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Firebase Analytics is designed to record how users interact with an app. Events are recorded such as the initial opening of the app, uninstallation, update, crash or frequency of use of the app. The events can be used to record other user interests as well, for example, for certain functions of the applications or certain topic areas. User profiles can also be recorded, which can be used as a basis for the illustration of advertising customized for users. Google is certified under the Privacy Shield agreement and offers a guarantee to comply with the European data protection regulations. You can view the privacy policy from Google here:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
. If you would like to opt out of this data processing, you can use the settings and opt out options provided by Google at
https://www.google.com/ads/preferences
.
c) AppsFly Software Development Kit (SDK): we use the AppsFlyer Software Development Kit (SDK) from AppsFlyer Ltd. within our app. 141 5th Avenue Suite 9, New York, NY 1001, United States. AppsFlyer allows for different evaluations regarding the success of our advertising campaign and the installation of the app. Our app sends anonymous data and information that the app was started to AppsFlyer for this purpose. An anonymous advertising ID serves as a pseudonym. Only statistical analyses are created through AppsFlyer. We, therefore, do not have any information about the user's identity. AppsFlyer is certified under the Privacy Shield agreement and offers a guarantee to comply with European data protection regulations. You can find more information about the AppsFlyer SDK at
https://www.appsflyer.com/product/data-privacy
You can opt out of this data processing at any time through
https://www.appsflyer.com/optout
.
d) Facebook Software Development Kit (SDK): in our app, we use the Software Development Kit (SDK) from Facebook Inc. (Facebook), 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. The Facebook SDK allows different types of evaluations on the installation of the app and regarding the success of the advertising campaign. Additionally, individual activities (events) from the user within the app can be analyzed to be able to define the target group for advertising campaigns in a more precise and better manner. Our app sends anonymous data to Facebook and the information that the app was started for this purpose. The advertising ID provided by the end device's operating system serves as a pseudonym. In the case of our app, however, the advertising ID does not serve to optimize advertisements through Facebook for the user, but rather is discarded by Facebook, because our app has prevented the use of the advertising ID for optimized advertising purposes by Facebook. We, therefore, do not have any information about the user's identity. Facebook is certified under the Privacy Shield agreement and offers a guarantee to comply with the European data protection regulations. You can find out more information about the Facebook SDK under iOS at
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/ios
. For Android here:
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/and
. If you would like to opt out of this data processing, you can use the settings and opt out options provided by Facebook under
https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/edit
.
5. Who gets my data?
Other than the processing listed above, your personal data will be only be shared with your consent.
Within Stocard, only those who need access to your data to fulfill our contractual and legal obligations will also receive access to it.
With the express consent to this data protection declaration, you give us the consent to share your data as specified in section 2 d) - h) with the respective card provider or the respective partner company.
6. Will data be transmitted to a third party country or an international organization?
Data transmission to sites in states outside of the European Union (so-called third-party states) occurs provided that
it is required to execute your orders,
it is legally prescribed,
within the scope of order data processing or
you have given us your consent.
If there are service providers in a third party state, they are additionally obligated to the written instructions through the agreement of the EU standard contract clauses or certification under the Privacy Shield to comply with the data protection level in Europe.
7. How long will my data be saved?
We process and save your personal data as long as it is required to fulfill our contractual and legal obligations. It must be considered that our business relationship is a continuing obligation that exists for years.
If the data is no longer required to fulfill contractual or legal obligations, it will be deleted regularly unless the limited further processing is required to preserve evidence within the scope of statutory limitation periods.  According to §§ 195ff. of the Civil Code (BGB), these limitation periods can amount to up to 30 years, whereby the regular limitation period is 3 years.
8. What data protection rights do I have?
Every affected person has the right to information according to article 15 GDPR, the right to correction according to article 16 GDPR, the right to deletion according to article 17 GDPR, the right to limit processing according to article 18 GDPR, the right to opposition from article 21 GDPR as well as the right to data transmission from article 20 GDPR. With the right to information and deletion, the restrictions according to §§ 34 and 35 GDPR apply. Furthermore, there is a right to lodge a complaint to a responsible data protection supervisory authority (article 77 GDPR in connection with § 19 GDPR).
You can opt out of the granted consent for the processing of your personal data. This also applies to opting out of declarations of consent, which have been granted to us before the applicability of the General Data Protection Regulation, therefore before May 25, 2018. Please remember that the opt-out will only work in the future. Processing that has occurred before the opt-out will not be affected by this.
9. Is there an obligation to me providing data?
Within the scope of our business relationship, you have to provide personal data that is required for the beginning and execution of a business relationship and the fulfillment of the affiliated contractual obligations or for the collection of which we are legally obligated to. Without this data, we are normally not able to complete the contract with you or execute it.
10. What type of automated decision-making exists?
We do not use fully automatic decision-making in accordance with article 22 GDPR. Partial automatic decision-making is used for providing the payment services (see Section 12).
11. Is there profiling?
Some of your data from section 2 are processed in an automated manner (so-called profiling) with the objective of designing the app to meet demands or to be able to inform you in the app about products and offers from our partners. This permits us communication and advertising as needed in the app including market and opinion research on the basis of anonymous data.
12. Privacy Policy Specific to the Payment Services
The following information applies to the application and usage of the payment services in addition to the information listed above.
a) Data collection
We collect, process and use the data described below for the purpose of providing the payment services to you:
Identity and contact data you provide by signing up and using the payment services, such as your full name, date of birth, residential address, ID, selfie, e-mail address and mobile phone number;
Due diligence data including information we receive from searches made in your name with KYC agencies;
Financial and transaction data, including details about your Stocard card, transactions you carry out and any funding source you use to top up.
b) How we use your information
We may use your personal data to:
provide you with the payment services;
monitor, analyse and improve the services;
search KYC agencies’ records to verify your identity;
manage any policies, agreement, or correspondence you may have with us;
fight illegal activities like fraud, money-laundering, terrorism and other crimes, and
keep to any laws or regulations in any country
c) Third-parties
We use third-party services in order to provide the payment services to you and we may share some of the above data of yours with them:
Global Processing Services (GPS): we use Global Processing Services (GPS), 2nd Floor, St Mary’s Court, 20 Hill Street, Douglas, IM1 1EU, Isle of Man as the issuing processor. GPS provides the card issuing, transaction processing and fraud monitoring system that is essential to the payment services. You can find more information about GPS at
https://globalprocessing.net/privacy-policy
Moorwand Ltd.: we use Moorwand Ltd, Irongate House, 22-30 Dukes Place, London, EC3A 7LP, UK as the issuing financial institution of the Stocard payment services. Moorwand Ltd is an authorised Electronic Money Institution regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. You can find more information about Moorwand  at
https://www.moorwand.com/privacy
W2 Global Data Solutions Ltd.: we use W2 Global Data Solutions Ltd., Clarence House, Clarence Place, Newport, NP19 7AAW2, UK to screen you for politically exposed person (PEP) status and sanctions lists, and to verify your identity by checking databases for a match on the personal information provided by you. You can find more information about W2 at
https://www.w2globaldata.com/useful-links/privacy
ComplyAdvantage: we use IVXS UK Ltd, trading name ComplyAdvantage, 90 Long Acre, 4th Floor, London, WC2E 9RA, UK  to screen you for politically exposed person (PEP) status and sanctions lists. You can find more information about ComplyAdvantage at
https://complyadvantage.com/terms-and-conditions
Onfido: we use Onfido, 3 Finsbury Avenue, London EC2M 2PA, UK to verify your identity online based on a selfie and a photo of your government-issued ID. You can find more information about Onfido at
https://onfido.com/privacy
Mastercard: we use Mastercard (Europe), Chaussée de Tervuren 198A, 1410 Waterloo, Belgium as the card network and token service provider to provide the payment services. Information concerning your card is transferred to Mastercard MDES to be tokenized. The tokens are used to authorize and to perform transactions with other service providers. You can find more information about Mastercard at
https://www.mastercard.co.uk/en-gb/about-mastercard/what-we-do/privacy.html
Certain authorities that detect and prevent fraud or other crimes (including authorities in the UK and abroad).
c) Data retention period
Records of your identity checks and transactions will be retained for 10 years in order to fulfill our regulatory obligations.
d) Automated decision-making and profiling
We may process your personal data partially automated to assess if you pose a fraud, money laundering or terrorist financing risk in the following situations:
To complete sanctions and PEP status screening.
To verify your identity as required by law in order to provide you with higher limits.
To analyse your payment transactions and behaviour against that of known fraudsters or money launderers.
You have rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling. Please contact our customer support if you want to know more about how we process your data.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
https://www.appsflyer.com/product/data-privacy:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
English
Français
日本語
Русский
Español
简体中文
한국어
Deutsch
Portuguese
Tiếng Việt
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Security at AppsFlyer
How we ensure your data is protected
Staying ahead of the risks in an ever-evolving mobile ecosystem is crucial to the success of your business. Our platform is designed with security at the center, and backed by a dedicated team of experts who are always working to ensure your data is protected
Partner announcements and communications?
Click here
Security is an essential part of our product inside and out. From strict checkpoints in our security development lifecycle to continuous monitoring of our infrastructure and applications, we make sure our platform is secure 24/7/365. We’ve also implemented extensive measures to make sure your experience is safe and secure every time you log in to your account.
The cloud is an extension of our business. That’s why we only work with partners like AWS and GCP who hold the same high standards security and compliance as we do. We monitor environments across data centers using multi-layered controls to help protect our infrastructure in addition to anti-DDoS protection, WAF, API protection tools, and continuous 24/7 monitoring.
Making sure your data is fresh, accurate is our number one priority. That’s why we’ve created a business continuity plan that ensures critical operations and services are always available. Our services are hosted on a globally distributed network that provides continuous activity and provide multiple backups, allowing our servers to remain resilient in the event of significant failures.
Data security is a critical part of our efforts to help both you and your users. Our web servers support strong encryption protocols to secure connections between customer devices and our web services and APIs. All data is encrypted, both in transit and at rest leaving no vulnerabilities. There are also additional advanced options such as IP masking which you can implement at any time.
“We’re always on high alert. Always. We check and recheck our activity and seek to improve ourselves in every aspect in order to protect our systems. We don’t just check boxes, we are constantly thinking about how we can expand and go beyond.”
Sub-policy 2
https://globalprocessing.net/privacy-policy:
Skip to main
Download our latest report - Protecting & growing your payments business -
here
Opens in a new window
Close
Solutions
Solutions
Overview
Card issuance
Payments processing
Card controls
Risk and fraud
Digital wallets
Cross border
Working with us
Technology
Developers
Sandbox
Cards API
Technical docs
Industries
Industries
Segments
Business payments
Consumer payments
Digital banking
Use cases
Online travel agencies
Gaming
Expense management
Clients
Partnerships
Company
Company
About us
Careers
Newsroom
Investors
Contact
Resources
Resources
Unstitched
Industry insights
Events and webinars
Industry guides
Get in touch
Privacy policy
P
r
i
v
a
c
y
p
o
l
i
c
y
Thredd respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
Who we are
Thredd
(‘we’ or ‘us’ or ‘our’)
collects and processes your personal information through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you sign up to our contact option, newsletter or service in accordance with this privacy policy. This policy provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and our obligations, and explains how, why and when we may process your personal data.
The personal data we hold about you must be accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your data changes during your relationship with us.
Thredd UK Limited, registered under company number 09926803, with its registered office address at Kingsbourne House, 229-231 High Holborn, London, WC1V 7DA complies with the Data Protection Act 2018.Detailed below is how we comply to this Act.
Information that we collect
Thredd processes your personal information to meet our legal, statutory and contractual obligation. We will never collect any unnecessary personal data from you and do not process your information in any way, other than as specified in this notice.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped as follows:
Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data includes billing address, email address and telephone numbers.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data includes your username and password, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website.
We do not collect any
Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
We collect information in the following ways:
Contact details whenever you submit a form on our website. Eg
the contact us form
or a newsletter subscription.
Personal data, relating to job applications submitted on this website.
How we use your information
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data although we will get your consent before sending direct marketing communications to you. You have the right to withdraw consent or exercise your rights under the data protection laws at any time by contacting us.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal basis we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us at
thredd.vdpo@gemserv.com
if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer, prospective partner, employees, issuers.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To enable you to partake in completing a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about Thredd goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
(f) Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
To process job applications and assess suitability for roles within Thredd.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (Recruitment)
To communicate with you directly regarding job applications.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
Thredd has a number of Data Security controls in place. These include;
Encryption of Data
Access Segregation
Secure Storage
Access Authorisation
Technical controls including but not limited to Firewalls, Networking Controls and Secure Processing controls
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing. Where you have consented to us using your details for direct marketing, we will keep such data until you notify us otherwise and/or withdraw your consent.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or allow some browser cookies. For more information about the cookies we use, please see
our cookie policy
.
Your rights
You have the right to access any personal information that Thredd processes about you and to request information about: -
What personal data we hold about you
The purposes of the processing
The categories of personal data concerned
The recipients to whom the personal data has/will be disclosed
How long we intend to store your personal data for
If we did not collect the data directly from you, information about the source
If you believe that we hold any incomplete or inaccurate data about you, you have the right to ask us to correct or complete the information and we will strive to correct it as quickly as possible; unless there is a valid reason for not doing so, at which point you will be notified.
You also have the right to request erasure of your personal data or to restrict processing (
where applicable)
in accordance with the data protection laws; as well as to object to any direct marketing from us; to exercise your data portability rights, and to be informed about any automated decision-making we may use.
If we receive a request from you to exercise any of the above rights, we may ask you to verify your identity before acting on the request; this is to ensure that your data is protected and kept secure.
Sharing your information with others
We’ll keep your information confidential, but we may share it in certain circumstances, for the purposes set out in this policy, with:
our affiliates, including our subsidiaries in other countries;
our service providers, sub-contractors and agents;
anyone to whom we may transfer any part of our business, rights, obligations or assets or our shares;
International Transfers
As required by law, we will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that information about you is treated securely and in accordance with this notice; We may transfer your personal information within Global Processing Services group .We ensure your personal data is protected by requiring all our group companies to follow the same rules when processing your personal data.
Thredd has in place controls with any third parties required to process your personal data including but not limited to Controller to Processor agreements, International Data Transfer Agreement (ITDA), where applicable and contractual terms including all standard security requirements.
Data Retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
Lodging a Complaint
Thredd only processes your personal information in compliance with this privacy policy. If, however you wish to raise a complaint regarding the processing of your personal data or are unsatisfied with how we have handled your information, you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK regulator for data protection issues by calling
0303 123 1113
or via
www.ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
.
We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
How can you contact us?
If you have any further questions or would like to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at
thredd.vdpo@gemserv.com
. We always welcome your comments or suggestions, including thoughts on how we can improve or clarify this privacy policy.
Changes to the privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review, please check this page regularly for changes to this policy.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.moorwand.com/privacy:
Home
»
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Welcome to Moorwand’s privacy policy.
Moorwand respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit and/or interact with our websites Moorwand.com and wallet.Moorwand.com (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
This privacy policy is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below. Please also use the Glossary to understand the meaning of some of the terms used in this privacy policy.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
DATA SECURITY
DATA RETENTION
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
GLOSSARY
Important information and who we are
Purpose of this privacy policy
This privacy policy aims to give you information on how Moorwand Ltd (Moorwand) collects and processes your personal data through your use of its websites, including any data you may provide through the websites when you provide information as part of your customer onboarding journey, OR send us your CV OR subscribe to our newsletter.
Our websites are not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override them.
Controller
Moorwand is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as [“COMPANY”], “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy policy).
We have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the DPO using the details set out below.
Contact details
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact our DPO in the following ways:
Full name of legal entity: Moorwand Ltd
Email address:
legal@moorwand.com
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK regulator for data protection issues (
www.ico.org.uk
). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the privacy policy and your duty to inform us of changes
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. This version was last updated in January 2023.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data
includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender. For Moorwand clients or potential clients we may also take KYC (Know Your Customer) data such as passports, national identity cards and utility bills.
Contact Data
includes billing address, registered address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data
includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data
includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data
includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will
not
directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We do not collect any
Special Categories of Personal Data
about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you for example, to provide you with Moorwand services. In this case, we may have to halt onboarding your business or continuing with a service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in online forms, providing documentation via the Moorwand wallet
wallet.moorwand.com
or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email, social media or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
apply for our products or services;
apply for the products or services (e.g. a pre-pay or debit card or digital banking) from our clients
create an account on our wallet website;
subscribe to our service or publications;
request marketing to be sent to you;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
give us feedback or contact us.
send us your CV
Third parties or publicly available sources. We will receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of payment processing services, payment based inside OR outside the UKs.
Identity Data, adverse media data, sanctions data, PEP (Politically Exposed Persons) information from KYC/KYB providers based inside OR outside the UK.
Identity and Contact Data from publicly available sources such as Companies House, Regulatory bodies, lists of UBOs (Ultimate Beneficial Owners) and the Electoral Register based inside OR outside the UK.
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Click
Glossary
, to find out more about the types of lawful basis that we will rely on to process your personal data.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new client
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To onboard your business including:
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(c) Financial (d)Transaction
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To fulfil our anti money laundering and anti-terrorist financing regulatory obligations
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profil
(d) Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how clients use our products/services)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
(f) Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Disclosures of your personal data
We may share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
above.
Internal Third Parties as set out in the
Glossary
.
External Third Parties as set out in the
Glossary
.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
International transfers
We share your personal data within the Moorwand Group. This will involve transferring your data outside the UK.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the UK, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it as if it were in the UK.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data retention
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in our retention policy which you can request from us by contacting us.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data for six years after they cease being customers for tax and regulatory purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see
your legal rights
below for further information.
In some circumstances we will anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have the following rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data:
To request access to your personal data
To request correction of your personal data
To request erasure of your personal data
To object to processing of your personal data
To request restriction of processing your personal data
To request transfer of your personal data
To withdraw consent
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at
legal@moorwand.com
.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Glossary
LAWFUL BASIS
Legitimate Interest
means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
Performance of Contract
means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal obligation
means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that we are subject to.
THIRD PARTIES
Internal Third Parties
Other companies in the Moorwand Group acting as joint controllers or processors and who are based in Moldova and provide business administration services.
External Third Parties
Service providers acting as processors based in the UK and Lithuania who provide IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the UK who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the United Kingdom and the EU who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Via Payments UAB who provide payment services and issue electronic for users based in the EU in partnership with Moorwand.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
You have the right to:
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data’s accuracy.
Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer
of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time
where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
No banking information available.
Want to speak about Moorwand payment solutions?
Tell us about your project and one of our experts will help you
Get in touch with us
Sub-policy 4
https://www.w2globaldata.com/useful-links/privacy:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to improve your website experience and provide more personalized services to you, both on this website and through other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.
We won't track your information when you visit our site. But in order to comply with your preferences, we'll have to use just one tiny cookie so that you're not asked to make this choice again.
Accept
Decline
nCino Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire FullCircl. Read the announcement
here.
✕
Skip to content
It looks like the link pointing here was faulty. Maybe try searching?
Search for:
Search
Scroll to Top
Sub-policy 5
https://onfido.com/privacy:
English
Español
Italiano
Français
Take a tour
Blog
Support
Sign in
Table of Contents
Onfido Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policies
1. This Privacy Policy
2. The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients
3. Using Information As Controller
4. Data Sharing
5. Information Security
6. Data Storage
7. Your Rights
8. Government and Law Enforcement Requests
9. Contact Onfido or our Data Protection Officer
Table of Contents
Onfido Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policies
1. This Privacy Policy
2. The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients
3. Using Information As Controller
4. Data Sharing
5. Information Security
6. Data Storage
7. Your Rights
8. Government and Law Enforcement Requests
9. Contact Onfido or our Data Protection Officer
Our Privacy Policies
This Privacy Policy explains how Onfido, an Entrust company, (“we”, “us”, “our”) uses personal information about our clients’ users, and others, to provide our Identity Services on behalf of our clients. Users located in the US should also refer to
Onfido’s Facial Scan and Voice Recording Policy
which takes priority over the information below to the extent there is any inconsistency or ambiguity.
If you are looking for details of the personal information we collect in other circumstances, please see the relevant policy listed below:
Our
Website and B2B Privacy Policy
explains how we collect, use, and otherwise process personal information of people who visit our websites or otherwise interact with Onfido in a business to business capacity.
Our
Cookie and SDK Policy
contains information about the cookies we use, why we use them, and your privacy choices regarding cookies.
If you are a candidate applying for a role at Onfido, please see the Candidate Privacy Policy displayed in our Application Portal.
Please note that if you are a resident of California, Onfido’s California Privacy Notice does not apply to our use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy because when we use information to provide our Identity Services, we use this information as a service provider on behalf of a client. The client, as the business, may have additional obligations under California law, including the California Consumer Privacy Act, and we suggest you review their privacy policy for further details.
1. This Privacy Policy
At Onfido, we’re simplifying digital identity for everyone. We help our clients to verify their users so they can access their services quickly, easily and - most important of all - securely. When we verify an identity, carry out checks related to an identity, or provide user authentication services (our “
Identity Services
”), we’re committed to protecting the privacy and security of that identity.
When we process your personal information so we can provide Identity Services to a client, we are acting on the client’s behalf as their service provider and processor. The section below headed “
The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients
” explains what we do with this information, but if you are a user of an Onfido client you should review the client’s privacy policy for full information about how your personal information is collected and used.
As well as handling your personal information on behalf of a client in order to provide Identity Services to them, we may also handle your personal information on our own behalf as a controller. For example, we may use the personal information that we collect when providing our Identity Services, and personal information that is publicly available, to develop and improve our Identity Services. For information about how we use personal information as a controller, please see the section of this Privacy Policy headed “
Using Information As Controller
.”
We may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make material changes, we will publish those changes before they come into effect and notify our clients so they can consider whether to update their own policies and notify their users.
2. The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients
To provide our Identity Services to a client, we collect certain personal information about the client’s users.
Our
clients
are organizations that have asked Onfido to verify someone’s identity, or to carry out checks related to their identity.
Our clients’
users
are the individuals whose identities a client has asked us to verify or otherwise check.
We may collect personal information about a user from the client, from the user, or from third party data providers (“Data Providers”). Data Providers are trusted third party service providers or public authorities who provide additional information depending on the Identity Service a client has chosen to use.
The following paragraphs provide details of the personal information we collect on behalf of a client depending on which of our Identity Services the client chooses to use. If you are in the EEA or UK, our client is responsible for identifying a legal basis which permits your personal information to be used for the purposes described below; you should review their privacy policy for further details.
Document Checks
Onfido’s
document checks
verify identity documents from across the globe by analyzing an image or video of the document. Our system extracts information from the image/video or, if possible, from the security chip embedded in the document. Our models analyze the authenticity of the document, which may include machine-readable zones, barcodes, QR codes, and security chips, to verify whether the document is genuine or shows signs of tampering. We will also compare the image or video of the identity document with information about compromised identities that have been leaked or otherwise made publicly available.
Information collected: personal information extracted from a user’s identity document, for example name, document number, date of birth, nationality, type of document, issuing country, expiration date, information embedded in barcodes, QR codes, security chips and features (which will vary depending on the type of document), and the image metadata associated with the image or video of the document.
Important: If you are a user living in the Netherlands, please be advised that Onfido may automatically mask your
BSN number
on your identity document in our back-end systems when required under Dutch law, and particularly the Dutch Prevention of Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing Act.
Biometric Checks and Authentication
When providing
biometric checks
as part of our Identity Services, we’ll ask for an image or video (including an audio recording) of a user’s face (a “
Selfie
”), as well as an image or video to use as a reference image (for example, an image of their identity document). We generate two scans of the user’s face (one from the Selfie, and one from the reference image) and we compare those two scans to assess whether the person in the Selfie is likely to be the same person pictured in the reference image. Additionally, as part of our Identity Services, we will also evaluate the authenticity of the images and videos (including audio recordings) and identity documents, including detecting whether there is a genuine human or physical document in your photos/videos, and identifying signs of tampering, coercion or social engineering.
Except as described in this Privacy Policy under the section below headed “Fraud checks, including device integrity and fraud signals”, when performing biometric checks we do not store the extracted face scans once the check is complete. Where a client has asked us to provide an authentication service, the client may ask Onfido to store a reference image chosen by the client for each relevant user. (This image is retained in accordance with retention periods set by the client and subject to any maximum retention periods specified by Onfido or in applicable laws.) When Onfido is asked to authenticate a user, we will generate two face scans - one using a new image of the user and one using the reference image we have stored. If the two images match, the authentication is confirmed. Clients who wish to use an authentication service without the need for Onfido to store a reference image can choose to store an encrypted version of the face scan relating to a reference image themselves (including on the user’s device). When Onfido is asked to authenticate a user, we will be given access to the stored face scan and we will compare it to a new face scan that we generate using a new image of the user. If the two images match, the authentication is confirmed.
Information collected: images or videos (including audio recordings) of a user and/or of their identity document, metadata extracted from those images or videos, and data extracted from those images or videos that may be construed as a scan of face geometry or a voiceprint and which may be considered to be biometric identifiers or biometric information by applicable US biometric privacy laws. Users located in the US should refer to
Onfido’s Facial Scan and Voice Recording Policy
for details.
Data Verification
Onfido provides clients with
data verification
checks via a network of trusted Data Providers (defined above) and our own internal checks. These checks enable clients to verify their users, detect fraud and comply with anti money laundering (AML) and Know Your Client (KYC) requirements. We conduct these checks by comparing personal information provided by the client or the user with information held by Data Providers or information extracted from documents, e.g. a utility bill for
proof of address
checks. Our global network of data verification services varies depending on a user's location and includes voter and driving license registers and other government databases, police databases, consumer credit agencies, sanctions and Politically Exposed Persons (PEP) lists, adverse media sources, utility companies, mobile network providers and other trusted commercial sources. At the request of a client, these services may be provided on an ongoing basis, for example where a client’s regulatory obligations require ongoing monitoring against sanction and PEP lists.
Information collected: the information collected will vary depending on the availability of checks in the user’s location and the Identity Services selected by Onfido’s clients. It may include contact details such as postal address, email address, telephone number, social security number or other national identity number, information extracted from a utility bill a user uploads or other information provided by the Data Provider e.g. a user’s mobile network operator, publicly available information from media searches, sanctions and PEP lists.
Fraud checks, including device integrity and fraud signals
Onfido leverages a number of different
fraud detection
capabilities. Some of these depend on the scope of the Identity Services selected by Onfido’s clients, whereas other fraud checks are applied across all of the above services. For example, Onfido will analyze the metadata associated with the user’s Selfie and the image or video of their identity document (to identify whether any editing software can be detected) to assess the likelihood that the user is genuine.
Onfido can also help clients to determine whether a device, email address or phone number has previously been used in relation to suspected fraudulent activity, shows unusual usage patterns, has been manipulated or otherwise indicates that the user may not be genuine. At a client’s request, Onfido and our Data Providers may collect ‘passive signals’ from the client (for example mobile number or email address) or a user’s device as they engage with the client’s website or app or Onfido’s Identity Services. Such information may include device identifiers, IP address, information about the device (for example the operating system used, whether the device is providing false randomized device and network information or has otherwise been compromised) and how the user interacts with it. Together this information helps Onfido and our Data Providers assess the likelihood of you being a genuine user, assign a risk score and infer certain information such as your broad geographical location from your IP address.
At a client’s request, we can also check whether we have previously verified a user on behalf of that client by comparing the information submitted as part of a new Document Check and/or Biometric Check, to information we have previously verified for that client. (More specifically, at a client’s request we will retain information (including face scans depending on the service the client has chosen to use) extracted from a user’s identity document or Selfie, and compare this retained information to the newly submitted information. As explained further below, clients determine how long we retain the extracted information). This helps our client not only verify users’ identities but further protects them and their users from fraud by helping clients understand when a user may be generating multiple identities, editing and tampering with documents or manipulating device or network information.
Information collected: the information collected will vary depending on the availability of checks in the user’s location and the Identity Services selected by Onfido’s clients. It may include: the information listed in the Document Check and/or Biometric Check sections above; data extracted from images or videos of identity documents that may be construed as a scan of face geometry and which may be considered to be biometric identifiers or biometric information by applicable US biometric privacy laws (users located in the US should refer to
Onfido’s Facial Scan and Voice Recording Policy
for details); mobile number, email address, IP address, device details including device identifiers and other information about the user’s device and how they are interacting with our Identity Services (for example we may collect information about the upload time, which version of our software was used, the camera name and model used to capture any images and whether there are any indicators that the device has been tampered with or emulated). We may also analyze how the user is interacting with their device to assess the likelihood of of the user being a genuine user and who they say they are, for example
fraudsters
will cut and paste large volumes of information from their clipboard, use this functionality multiple times and otherwise navigate between applications on their device very differently from a genuine user. Onfido and our Data Providers may also use such information to infer other information about the user, for example their broad geographical location from their IP address, or to calculate an identity risk score to assist clients in determining whether the user is a genuine user.
Onfido Reports and Automated Decision Making
Once we have verified an identity or run a check, we share the results with the client in a report (“
Onfido Report
”). Below, we have provided a graphical representation of an Onfido Report:
Each Onfido Report contains an overall result of ‘Clear’ or ‘Consider’:
If we’re able to verify the identity of a user, and the requested checks do not show signs of fraud or other anomalies, we notify the client that the checks are Clear.
If we’re unable to verify the identity of a user, or the user isn’t able to pass all requested checks or the checks show signs of fraud or other anomalies, we return a Consider result.
If we return a Consider result, we will also provide a detailed breakdown of the reasons why. (The reasons are generated from the different machine learning models and/or human powered processes that are used to verify an identity or perform a check.)
Onfido Reports contain recommendations only and the reasons behind them. It is then for the client to decide how to proceed with a user - based on the content of the Onfido Report, but also on the basis of other information available to them (including additional information they may have or decide to request from their users).
By providing our clients with these detailed Onfido Reports, our aim is to empower our clients to make informed decisions about their users and to provide help to users that are having difficulty in passing an Onfido check.
3. Using Information As Controller
As explained above, when we use personal information to provide Identity Services to our clients, we are acting on their behalf as their service provider and processor. However, we also process the personal information of users, and others, on our own behalf (as a “controller”) for the purposes described in this section. If you are in the EEA or UK, we will only use your personal information for a particular purpose where we have a “legal basis” for this. We have set out below the legal bases we rely upon for each purpose.
To develop and improve our Identity Services (including machine learning technologies)
At Onfido, our vision is to simplify digital identity. To do this, provided we have the permission of our clients and it is not prohibited by applicable law, we use the personal information we collect about our clients’ users (as described above) to improve and develop our Identity Services. For the same purpose, we may also use personal information that has been made publicly available or that we have obtained from a third party provided this is not prohibited by applicable law.
Developing and improving our Identity Services includes building and improving our technology (such as our machine learning technologies and algorithms) and developing and testing new checks, products and services to better verify a user’s identity and/or detect fraud. For example, we may need to train our models to recognise a novel fraud attack, a new version of an ID document or to minimize bias and improve performance. As part of this work, we train our technology to recognize specific patterns in information and make predictions about new sets of information based on those patterns. This is known as machine learning. We also train our human analysts to perform those tasks so they can assist when our machine learning models aren’t best suited for the task or are still learning. Sometimes, we’ll also re-run and re-submit checks to ensure our Identity Services are working properly, particularly when testing a new feature or service for quality checks. Together, these developments help make Onfido’s Identity Services stronger and safer for all clients and users.
We process personal information for these purposes on the basis that it is necessary for the legitimate interest of our clients and Onfido. Financial crime, fraud, and corruption are serious issues that affect not only the law enforcement community but financial institutions, the private sector, and other major corporations – as well as individuals themselves. As such, Onfido considers there is a clear legitimate interest in improving and developing our Identity Services for the purpose of continuing to effectively tackle and reduce fraud.
Where we use sensitive personal information for these purposes (for example, information which could potentially reveal information about someone’s racial or ethnic origin), we primarily process this information on the basis that it is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest. Such public interests include ensuring equality of treatment across all types of users by measuring and mitigating algorithmic bias with a view to providing fair and inclusive Identity Services, which effectively detect fraud, and are balanced against the rights and freedoms of users. When developing our services, Onfido implements specific measures to safeguard the rights and freedoms of those individuals whose data is used for this purpose, including pseudonymisation (where possible), impact assessments and strict security controls to safeguard their fundamental rights and their interests.
To compile statistics, benchmarking and analytics
We use personal information (such as check results, identity document type, and device metadata) to create statistics regarding the use and performance of our Identity Services. We provide these statistics to our clients so that they and we may use them to, for example, conduct benchmarking and analytics (for example, to compare a client’s missed fraud rates to the general missed fraud rate for an industry, or to analyze fraud trends). We also use these statistics to gain market insights (for example, to enhance understanding of missed fraud trends and identify fraud patterns) and to inform our decision making on product improvements. An individual cannot be identified from these statistics and where possible, we pseudonymise, aggregate and/or de-identify (and where feasible anonymise) personal information which is used for these purposes.
We process personal information for these purposes on the basis that it is necessary for Onfido’s and our clients’ legitimate interests in understanding (at the aggregate level) how people are using our Identity Services.
For compliance with applicable law/regulation, to exercise, establish or defend legal rights or claims, or to protect someone’s vital interests
Onfido may process the personal information we collect about our clients’ users (as described above) where this is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation, to exercise, establish or defend legal rights or claims, or to protect someone’s vital interests. For example, we may be required by law to:
disclose information in response to a request from a government or law enforcement body as described in the section below headed “
Government and Law Enforcement Requests
”;
collect a user’s broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location), either directly from them or the client or by approximating this based on the user’s device’s IP address, to enable Onfido and our clients to comply with global sanctions requirements and the increasing number of biometric and privacy laws that apply to our Identity Services. We use this broad geographic location to determine a user’s location to display the relevant consent screen and collect any necessary biometric consents or identify if a user is located in a sanctioned country where we are prohibited by law from providing services.
In connection with a business transaction or to obtain professional advice
Onfido may need to process your personal information in connection with an actual or proposed divestiture, merger, acquisition, joint venture, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or any other similar transaction or proceeding, or to obtain professional advice. We process personal information for these purposes on the basis that it is necessary for Onfido’s legitimate interest in running its business in a commercial and compliant manner.
4. Data Sharing
In addition to sharing personal information with clients and Data Providers (as described above), Onfido also shares personal information:
With third parties who help us provide our Identity Services and perform tasks on our behalf. This includes: information technology and related infrastructure providers (who provide us with a place to store your personal information); data analytics providers (who help us to analyze trends and provide market insights); and our business process outsourcing partners (whose staff perform human review and quality checks);
With other companies in the Onfido group of companies who help us to provide our services (for example, by providing ancillary engineering, technical or customer support);
With an actual or potential buyer, investor or partner (and its agents and advisers) in relation to a business transaction;
With parties that provide Onfido with professional (e.g. advisory and auditing) advice and services;
With a competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, or court;
With any other person where instructed to do so by a client. For example, if a client has configured the Identity Services to check whether an identity document has been previously identified as lost, stolen, fraudulent, or otherwise compromised by a government or other external party, Onfido may share that compromised identity document on behalf of that client, and the government or other external party may retain a copy to the extent they consider it necessary, proportionate, and lawful. Under the instruction of clients and as permitted by applicable law, Onfido currently shares identity documents with the
UK Metropolitan Police
as part of their
Amberhill Database
for such purposes; and
To any other person where we have a legitimate legal reason for doing so.
Whenever legally possible, we seek to protect the personal information we share by imposing contractual privacy and security safeguards on the recipient of that information. In some cases, however, it’s not possible for us to do so — for example, when we have a legal obligation to disclose information to a government authority and that government authority is not willing to enter into such contractual safeguards.
If the sharing of personal information involves cross border international transfers of data, we make such transfers in accordance with relevant privacy law requirements. For example, if personal information that is processed subject to the GDPR is transferred outside of the EEA/UK to a country that the
European Commission does not consider provides an adequate level of protection for your personal information
, we will require the receiving party to enter into the European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses (and/or their UK and Switzerland equivalents). You can request a copy of these clauses by contacting us using the details in the section below headed “
Contact Onfido or our Data Protection Officer
.”
5. Information Security
Where possible, we pseudonymize, de-identify and/or aggregate personal information to protect privacy and minimize security risks. Pseudonymized data is where we replace, transform or remove information so that it no longer identifies an individual without additional information. Onfido also takes appropriate administrative, physical, technical and organizational measures designed to help protect the information it holds from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. For more information about information security at Onfido, please visit the
Guide to Security at Onfido
.
If you think you have identified a security vulnerability or bug in our Identity Services, please report it to the Onfido security team at
security@onfido.com
and as described in the
Onfido Responsible Security Bug Disclosure Policy
.
6. Data Storage
We provide our Identity Services on behalf of our clients for a variety of different reasons. Those reasons are identified by our clients, and we rely on them to tell us when they no longer need us to store the personal information we’ve collected on their behalf, subject to maximum retention periods imposed by applicable laws or defined by Data Providers or by Onfido.
Where we use personal information that has been made publicly available or that we have obtained from a third party to develop and improve our Identity Services (including machine learning technologies), we retain the information for as long as is necessary to complete the purpose for which the information was collected, subject to applicable laws and any retention periods.
Where we have a legitimate legal reason, we may store personal information for longer than described above – for example, where we are under a binding legal order not to destroy information.
7. Your Rights
Depending on where you live and subject to applicable privacy law, you may have the following rights in respect of the personal information we process about you as described in this Privacy Policy:
the right to request access to and disclosure of information that we hold.
the right to change and/or correct inaccurate information.
the right to block or suppress our processing of your information. This enables you to request that Onfido suspends the processing of your information in certain circumstances.
the right to object to our processing of your information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and you feel such processing impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
the right to request that we delete your information, subject to certain exceptions.
the right to request portability of your information. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, with your information in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
the right to withdraw your consent, if applicable. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority or regulator.
If you wish to exercise your rights in relation to how we use your personal information as described under the section headed "The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients”, please contact the client so they may respond to your request directly. (If you contact us instead of our client, we will notify the relevant client so they may fulfill your request.)
If you wish to exercise your rights in relation to how we use your personal information as described under the section headed “Using Information As Controller”, please contact us at
privacyrequests@onfido.com
or at the postal address below. If you exercise any of your data protection rights detailed in this section, we will not discriminate against you.
8. Government and Law Enforcement Requests
If you are a government or law enforcement body that wishes to request personal or confidential information related to a check that we may have conducted on a particular user, please contact the client on whose behalf the check was carried out. Since we provide our Identity Services on behalf of our clients, we are not able to disclose any information related to a specific check unless the relevant client directs us to do so, or we are subject to a legal requirement (such as a court order or statutory power mandating disclosure) to do so. If you wish to request the disclosure of information in respect of which there is such a legal requirement, please contact us at
privacyrequests@onfido.com
providing clear details of the legal requirement in your message.
9. Contact Onfido or our Data Protection Officer
If you would like more information about how Onfido collects and uses personal information, please contact Onfido at
privacyrequests@onfido.com
, or at: Attention: Privacy Office, Onfido Ltd, 14-18 Finsbury Square, 3rd Floor, London, EC2A 1AH, United Kingdom.
If you would like to raise a concern or otherwise communicate with our Data Protection Officer, you may contact them at
onfido@hewardmills.com
or at: Attention: Onfido Data Protection Officer, Heward Mills, 77 Farringdon Road, London, EC1M 3JU, United Kingdom.
We care about your privacy! This website uses cookies to improve your experience, tailor content to your preferences, and analyze performance and traffic on our website. We share information about use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
Cookie Policy
Settings
Accept
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our website by our third party advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and to better reach you with personalised ads and content, both on our own website and third-party websites, apps, and other online services (“Services”). Advertising cookies enable the third party ad companies to track your visits to the Services, to better understand your preferences and interests in order to provide you more relevant ads on behalf of us and other companies. If you do not allow Targeting Cookies, you will still see ads online but they may be less relevant to you.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 6
https://www.mastercard.co.uk/en-gb/about-mastercard/what-we-do/privacy.html:
Skip to Content
Mastercard - Global Privacy Notice
Effective Date: 1/17/2025
Mastercard International Incorporated and its affiliates (collectively, “Mastercard”) respect your privacy.
Personal Information We May Collect
How We May Use Your Personal Information
How We Share Your Personal Information
Your Rights and Choices
Data Transfers
How We Protect Your Personal Information
Features and Links to Other Websites
Children’s Privacy
Updates to This Global Privacy Notice
How to Contact Us
This Global Privacy Notice describes the types of Personal Information we collect, the purposes for which we collect that Personal Information, the other parties with whom we may share it and the measures we take to protect the security of the data. It also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your Personal Information, and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
Please note that we also act on behalf of and under the instructions of financial institutions, merchants and other partners which act as data controllers, including for processing payment transactions. Please refer to their respective privacy policies for more information regarding the processing of your Personal Information in these contexts.
Our privacy practices may vary among the countries in which we operate to reflect local practices and legal requirements. Specific privacy notices may apply to some of our products and services. Please visit the webpage or digital asset of the specific product or service to learn more about our privacy and information practices in relation to that product or service.
Data Analytics Opt-Out
Marketing Email Opt-Out
My Data
1. Personal Information We May Collect
“Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. We may collect the following categories of Personal Information:
Transaction information, such as personal account number, the merchant’s name and location, the date and the total amount of the transaction, and other information provided by financial institutions or merchants when we act on their behalf.
Product and service information, such as registration and payment information, and programme-specific information, when you request products or services directly from us, or participate in marketing programmes.
Website, device and mobile app usage, and similar information collected via automated means, such as cookies and similar technologies.
Job applications and related information when you apply for a job with us.
Business contact information when you work for one of our business partners.
Identity verification information, such as name, e-mail address, physical address, telephone number, and IP address.
Any other information that you may provide while using communication tools.
Learn more
For the purpose of this Global Privacy Notice, unless otherwise specified, “Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. We may obtain different types of Personal Information (including Sensitive Personal Information, as may be the case under applicable laws) relating to you in the situations described below.
Personal Information We Receive from Financial Institutions, Merchants, and Other Partners in Connection with Mastercard’s Products or Services
As a processor of payment transactions and provider of related services, we obtain a limited amount of information in connection with your payment transactions such as the personal account number, the merchant’s name and location, the date and the total amount of the transaction. Importantly, we generally do not need or collect the cardholder’s name or other contact information to process payment transactions.
In addition, for certain products and services, your financial institutions, the merchants where you make a transaction or other partners may provide us with more information about you, or we may collect it directly from you to provide you with those products and services on their behalf, support their business or perform processing activities on their behalf.
In the above situations, we may act on behalf of and under the instructions of financial institutions, merchants and other partners which act as data controllers. Unless otherwise authorised by law, we will process your Personal Information to process payment transactions or for the purposes agreed between Mastercard and the financial institutions, merchants and other partners. Please refer to their respective privacy policies for more information regarding the processing of your Personal Information.
Personal Information We Collect when Providing Mastercard’s Products and Services Directly to You
Mastercard may provide you directly with products and services such as marketing programmes, rewards programmes, eWallets, Open Banking solutions, prepaid services, location alert programmes, and biometric authentication tools. To benefit from one or more of these products and services, you can submit information to us directly via various means including: (i) on our websites and digital assets, (ii) in response to marketing or other communications, (iii) by signing up for a Mastercard product or service, or (iv) through your participation in an offer, programme or promotion. We may also obtain Personal Information about you through your use of our products or services, from companies that use or facilitate our products or services, from publicly available sources, or from third party partners. Your Personal Information may also be passed on to us by your financial institution, merchant or other business partners.
Below is an overview of the types of Personal Information we may collect in relation to programmes we offer directly to you. Each programme differs, so where applicable, please refer to the relevant programme-specific privacy notice for more information on the use of your Personal Information for that specific programme.
Registration and payment information: We may collect identifiers and your contact information (such as name, email address, telephone number, billing or shipping address), authentication information (e.g., username and password), age, date of birth, gender and family status, military and veteran status, language preferences, payment details, personal account number, commercial information, such as merchant’s name and location, date and total amount of the transactions, card expiry date and card verification code.
Information we process to provide you with the programme: We may collect different types of Personal Information depending on the programme. For example, programmes designed to offer you location-based services will typically require the collection of your address or geolocation data. Programmes within our Open Banking solutions may require the collection of your financial account information. Similarly, programmes designed to allow you to authenticate for example, via facial or fingerprint recognition may require the processing of your photograph and/or biometric information. All these programmes are voluntary, and your Personal Information is only collected if you subscribe to such programmes.
Other information you choose to provide: You may choose to provide other information, such as different types of content (e.g., photographs, articles, comments), contact information of friends or other people you would like us to contact, content you make available through social media accounts or memberships with third parties, or any other information you want to share with us, for example when you contact customer service.
You may be subject to obligations under applicable laws, such as the obligation to provide complete and accurate Personal Information when consenting to the processing of your Personal Information.
In addition, we may collect or use Personal Information for fraud prevention and monitoring, risk management, dispute resolution and other related purposes. Such information may include identifiers, commercial information, and Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as the personal account number, merchant’s name and location, date and total amount of the transactions, IP address, fraud score, location data, merchant details, items purchased and information about the dispute. When we provide cryptocurrency and blockchain intelligence solutions, we may also collect and process information gathered from the blockchain, including blockchain addresses and other cryptocurrency transaction details. For more information, please
click here
.
For more information on our collection of Personal Information in the context of our Open Banking solutions, please click
here
.
Personal Information We Obtain from Your Interaction with Mastercard’s Ads, Websites, Apps or Other Digital Assets
We, our service providers and partners may collect certain information about you via automated means such as Internet or other electronic network activity information, cookies, and web beacons when you interact with our ads, mobile apps, or visit our websites, pages or other digital assets. The Internet and/or Device Information we collect in this manner may include: IP address, browser type, operating system, mobile device identifier, geographical area, referring URLs and information on actions taken or interaction with our digital assets. A “cookie” is a text file placed on a computer’s hard drive by a web server. A “web beacon,” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, is a technology that helps us identify when content has been accessed or visited.
We use this information to improve our online products and services by assessing how many users access or use our online products and services, which content, products and features of our online products and services most interest our visitors, what types of offers our customers like to see and how our online products and services perform from a technical point of view. For instance, we may use third-party web analytics services on our websites and mobile apps, such as those of Adobe Analytics. The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies and web beacons to help us analyse how visitors use our websites and apps.
We, our service providers and partners may also collect information about you in connection with our marketing activities, including offers, sweepstakes, contests and promotions. The information collected for these purposes may include identifiers and your contact information (e.g., name, postal address, email address, telephone number), electronic identification data (e.g., username, password, security questions, IP address), and data collected in the context of online marketing programmes, including commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, and inferences drawn from Personal Information (e.g., personal characteristics, life habits, consumption habits, interests, location data, and voice and image recordings).
We, our service providers and partners may also collect information about you to provide you with content and advertising tailored to your individual interests based on inferences drawn from Personal Information. The information collected for these purposes may include Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as details about things like the particular pages or ads you view on our websites and apps and the actions you take on our websites and apps.
We, our service providers and partners may collect certain information about you via automated means such as, social media tools, widgets or plug-ins to connect you to your social media accounts. These features may allow you to sign in through your social media account, share a link or post directly to your social media account. When you visit a website that contains such tools or plugins, the social media or other service provider may learn of your visit. However, your interactions with these tools are governed by the privacy policies of the corresponding social media platforms. As we do not control these third-parties’ data handling practices, we recommend that you review their privacy policies, terms of use, and licence agreements (if any). For further details, please consult Section 7 (“
Features and Links to Other Websites
”) of this Global Privacy Notice.
In addition, some of our online products and services include advanced fraud prevention technology using behavioural-based data or biometric information, such as keystroke timing, device accelerometer, scroll position and mouse-location.
Where required under applicable law, we obtain your consent prior to using the above automated means, and prior to sending you marketing communications, tailored content and advertising.
Please see the “
Your Rights and Choices
” section of this Global Privacy Notice to learn about your choices.
Because there is not yet a consensus on how companies should respond to web browser-based do-not-track (“DNT”) mechanisms, Mastercard does not respond to web browser-based DNT signals at this time. To learn more about browser tracking signals and DNT, visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Personal Information We Obtain when You Apply for a Job with Us
If you are applying for a job at Mastercard, we may collect certain identifiers and professional or employment-related information from your job applications on our Career website. To learn more about the type of information Mastercard collects in connection with job applications, please see the
Mastercard Applicant Privacy Notice
.
Personal Information We Collect in the Context of Our Business Relationship with a Financial Institution, Merchant or other Entity Partnering with Mastercard
We may collect Personal Information from individuals working for one of our business partners (including financial institutions, merchants, customers, suppliers, vendors and other partners), including identifiers, name, job title, department and name of organization, business email and postal addresses, business telephone number, queries, answers to security questions, security passwords and other credentials. We may use this information to provide products and services directly to financial institutions, corporate clients, merchants, customers and partners, to manage our business relationships and financial reporting, for franchise development and integrity, to protect us from financial crime, to improve our service, for marketing and to comply with applicable law, as well as for accounting, auditing and billing purposes.
In certain jurisdictions, it may be necessary for us to receive and process your Sensitive Personal Information to provide respective products and services to you and/or to financial institutions, corporate clients, merchants, customers and partners. Such processing of your Sensitive Personal Information will be protected with adequate security measures and be conducted in a manner so as to have the lowest possible impact on your personal rights and interests. The following information may be considered Sensitive Personal Information as defined by applicable law: personal account number, card expiry date, card verification code, answers to security questions, security passwords and other credentials, address or location information (to the extent that it may reveal your personal tracks), voice and image recordings, electronic identification data, payment transactions, and biometric information.
View summary
2. How We May Use Your Personal Information
We May Use Your Personal Information to:
Process your payment transactions.
Protect against and prevent fraud, and other legal or information security risks. For more information, please see our
Fraud & Security Notice
and our
MATCH Notice
.
Provide our
Open Banking solutions
.
Create and manage any accounts you may have with us, verify your identity, provide our services, and respond to your inquiries.
Provide and communicate with you about products and services offered by Mastercard, financial institutions, merchants and partners.
Offer and support loyalty programmes.  For more information, please see our
Loyalty Notice
.
Provide you with personalised services and recommendations.
Manage our customer, supplier and vendor relationships, including to create and publish business directories (which may include business contact information).
Operate, evaluate and improve our business, including cleansing, preparing, and/or anonymising data for analytics and to develop new products and services.
Process your job application. For more information, please see the
Mastercard Applicant Privacy Notice
.
Develop and improve products and services, detect, and prevent deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and improve customer and consumer experience. For these processing activities, we may use techniques such as artificial intelligence and machine learning to process and analyse data.
Enable mergers, acquisitions and/or sale of business or assets. For example, if we sell any business or assets or any part of our business or assets is acquired by a third-party, we may disclose your personal information relating to those business and assets to the prospective buyer or the acquiring third-party.
Serve other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection, and as otherwise authorised or required by law.
Generate anonymised and aggregated data to prepare insights to advise Mastercard’s customers and partners regarding spending patterns, fraud and other trends.
Learn more about you, including your preferences or other characteristics. We treat these inferences as Personal Information where required under applicable law.
Where required under applicable law, we will only use your Personal Information with your consent; as necessary to provide you with products and services; to comply with a legal obligation; or when there is a legitimate and overriding interest that necessitates the use.
Learn more
We may use Personal Information we obtain about you for the purposes set out below. Depending on the country in which you are located, we will only process your Personal Information, where permitted under applicable laws, and when we have a legal basis for the processing as identified in the table below. However, please note that even though the chart below does not list consent as a legal basis for each processing activity, in some countries consent is the only or most appropriate legal basis for the processing of Personal Information, and in those countries, we rely on consent.
Processing activity
Legal Basis for Processing (where required under applicable law)
Process your payment transactions (including authorisation, clearing, chargebacks and other related dispute resolution activities).
In most cases, we process your payment transactions as a processor on behalf of your financial institutions, merchants and other partners which act as data controllers. When we act as a processor, controllers are responsible for ensuring a legal basis for the processing of your Personal Information. Where applicable, we have taken steps to ensure that controllers have obtained your consent to our processing of your Personal Information on their behalf. Please refer to their respective privacy policies for more information regarding the processing of your Personal Information in these contexts.
In some limited cases (e.g., chargebacks), we may process your payment transactions as a controller, provided that:
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Protect against and prevent fraud and cyber threats, unauthorised transactions, claims and other liabilities, and manage risk exposure and franchise quality with respect to the integrity and security of our payments network.
When we process Personal Information for fraud and cyber threat prevention, we may act as a controller or as a processor. When we act as a controller, we rely on one of the following legal grounds:
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purpose of protecting against fraud, securing our network and the payment transactions that we process (including blockchain in relation to cryptocurrency).
For more information on our fraud prevention and monitoring activities, please see our
Fraud & Security Notice
.
For more information on the Mastercard Alert To Control High-risk Merchants (MATCH) programme, please see our
MATCH Notice
.
Provide our Open Banking solutions, including our connectivity and dispute resolution services.
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for such purpose (e.g., detecting fraud risks or resolving disputes).
In some cases, we provide our Open Banking solutions as a processor on behalf of your service provider, merchants and other partners which act as data controllers. When we act as a processor, controllers are responsible for ensuring a legal basis for the processing of your Personal Information. Where applicable, we have taken steps to ensure that controllers have obtained your consent to our processing of your Personal Information on their behalf. Please refer to their respective privacy policies for more information regarding the processing of your Personal Information in these contexts.
For more information on our Open Banking activities, please see our
Open Banking Privacy Notice
.
Create and manage any accounts you may have with us, verify your identity, provide our services, and respond to your inquiries.
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are a party; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purpose of creating and managing accounts and verifying your identity, and responding to your inquiries.
Provide, administer, and communicate with you about products, services, offers, loyalty programmes and promotions (including loyalty programme operation, contests, sweepstakes, donation service programme operation, and any other marketing activities) of Mastercard, financial institutions, merchants, and partners.
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purpose of providing you with products and services. For more information on our loyalty programmes, please see our
Loyalty Programmes Notice
. For more information about our donation service programme, please see our
Mastercard Donation Service Privacy Notice
.
Manage our customer, supplier and vendor relationships, including to create and publish business directories (which may include business contact information).
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are a party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purpose of managing our customer, supplier and vendor relationships.
Operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products and services or cleansing, organising, and preparing data for permissible purposes); determining the effectiveness of and optimising our advertising; analysing our products, services, websites, mobile apps and any other digital assets in order to facilitate their functionality; and analysing and comparing our customers’ approach to spending that have signed up to our marketing programme (such as Priceless Specials) in order to understand and improve the effectiveness of the programme.
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of operating, evaluating and improving our products or services.
Performing due diligence reviews, accounting, auditing, billing, reconciliation and collection activities.
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of performing due diligence, billing, reconciliation and collection activities.
Provide you with personalised services and recommendations. For example, we may use your Personal Information such as your email address and your interaction with our website to analyse your preferences, interests and behaviour in order to decide to provide you with tailored content and the most relevant offers, recommendations and email communications about a specific product from Mastercard, financial institutions, merchants and partners.
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of providing you personalised services and recommendations.
Anonymise Personal Information and prepare and furnish aggregated data reports showing anonymised information (including compilations, analyses, analytical and predictive models and rules, and other aggregated reports) for the purpose of advising our financial institutions, merchants and other customers and partners regarding past and potential future patterns of spending, fraud, credit risk,  and other insights that may be extracted from this data.  The Personal Information we anonymise may include payment transactions.
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of anonymising Personal Information and preparing and furnishing aggregated data reports; or
The processing is undertaken for statistical and/or research purposes (in jurisdictions where this legal ground is available) and training our AI.
To the extent we maintain or otherwise process deidentified or anonymised information, we will maintain and use the information in deidentified or anonymised form and will not attempt to reidentify the information unless otherwise permitted by applicable law.
Evaluate your interest in employment and contact you regarding possible employment with Mastercard.
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of evaluating your interest in employment and contacting you regarding possible employment; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation.  For more information, see the
Mastercard Applicant Privacy Notice
.
Enforce our
Terms of Use
or as necessary to establish, exercise and defend legal rights.
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal or  regulatory obligation; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of enforcing the
Terms of Use
and establishing, exercising and defending legal rights.
As may be required by applicable laws and regulations, including for compliance with Know Your Customers, Anti-Money Laundering, anti-corruption and sanctions screening requirements, or as requested by any judicial process, law enforcement or governmental agency having or claiming jurisdiction over Mastercard or Mastercard’s affiliates.
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of responding to a judicial process, law enforcement or governmental agency.
Comply with industry standards and our policies.
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of complying with industry standards and our policies.
Develop and improve products and services, detect, and prevent deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and improve customer and consumer experience. For these processing activities, we may use techniques such as artificial intelligence and machine learning to process and analyse data.
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or other regulatory obligations; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of complying with industry standards and our policies.
Enable mergers, acquisitions and/or sale of business or assets. For example, if we sell any business or assets or any part of our business or assets is acquired by a third-party, we may disclose your personal information relating to those business and assets to the prospective buyer or acquiring third-party.
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or other regulatory obligations; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of complying with industry standards and our policies.
For other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
Please consult the Specific Privacy Notice at the time of the collection.
Where required under applicable law, we have carried out balancing tests for the data processing based on our or a third party’s legitimate interests to ensure that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms. For more information on our balancing tests, you may contact us as described in the “
How to Contact Us
” section below.
We will not subject you to a decision based solely on automated processing that produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you, unless you explicitly consented to the processing where required under applicable law, the processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract between you and Mastercard, or when we are legally required to use your Personal Information in this way, for example to prevent fraud.
If you provide us with any information or material relating to another individual, you must make sure that the sharing with us and our further use as described to you from time to time is in line with applicable laws, so for example you should duly inform that individual about the processing of her/his Personal Information and obtain her/his consent, as may be necessary under applicable laws.
Where the Personal Information we collect from you is needed to meet our legal or regulatory obligations or enter into an agreement with you, if you do not provide your Personal Information when requested, we may not be able to provide (or continue to provide) our products or services to you and you may not be able to purchase our products you require or fully use our services.
View summary
3. How We Share Your Personal Information
We May Share Personal Information with:
Mastercard’s headquarters in the U.S., our affiliates and other entities within Mastercard’s group of companies.
Service providers acting on our behalf.
Other participants in the payment ecosystem, including financial institutions, and merchants.
Other participants in the Open Banking ecosystem, including financial institutions, merchants and third parties.
Third parties for fraud monitoring and prevention purposes, or other purposes required by law.
Third parties whose feature(s) you use in connection with our products and services or with your consent.
Other entities as required under applicable law or in the event of a sale or transfer of our business or assets.
Learn more
Please see the “
Data Transfers
” section below to understand how we comply with applicable cross-border data transfer rules.
We may also share your Personal Information:
With financial institutions and other entities that issue payment cards or merchants to process payment transactions and perform other activities that you request.
With entities that partner with Mastercard or assist Mastercard in providing its products and services, for fraud prevention and monitoring and third party identification services, to ensure the security of transactions and our payment processing system.
With other participants in the Open Banking ecosystem, including financial institutions, merchants and other entities of your choice (e.g., your investment advisors).
When we act as a service provider for third parties and provide them with Personal Information that we process on their behalf.
With our service providers who perform services on our behalf for the purposes described in this Global Privacy Notice (or in the applicable programme specific privacy notice). We require these service providers by contract to only process Personal Information in accordance with our instructions and as necessary to perform services on our behalf or in compliance with applicable law. We also require them to safeguard the security and confidentiality of the Personal Information they process on our behalf by implementing appropriate technical and organisational security measures and confidentiality obligations binding employees accessing Personal Information.
With third parties whose features (e.g., third-party cookies, widgets, plug-ins) are integrated in our products and services. For further details, please consult Section 7 (
Features and Links to Other websites
) of this Global Privacy Notice.
With social media networks when you directly engage with those platforms. For further details, please consult Section 7 (
Features and Links to Other Websites
) of this Global Privacy Notice.
With other third parties with your consent.
As required under applicable law or legal process, or to respond to requests from law enforcement or governmental agencies. When receiving such requests, we will follow the process set out in our Binding Corporate Rules (see Section 5 below) where applicable.
When we believe disclosure is necessary to protect individuals’ vital interests, to enforce our
Terms of Use
, prevent Mastercard against harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity.
In the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use Personal Information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with our Global Privacy Notice. Following such a sale or transfer, you may contact the entity to which we transferred your Personal Information with any inquiries concerning the processing of that information.
Prior to the transfer or sharing of any Personal Information (including access to Personal Information), we require appropriate privacy and information security protections in agreements with third parties. We operate a comprehensive Third Party Risk Management Programme and we perform appropriate due diligence as part thereof
If you are located in mainland China, you may contact us as specified in the “
How to Contact Us
” section below to obtain information regarding the third-party recipients who act in the capacity of data controllers and with whom we share your Personal Information. Such sharing will always be conducted to the extent necessary and will not exceed or alter the purposes and means of processing that you have originally consented or based on a non-consent legal basis.
View summary
4. Your Rights and Choices
Depending on your country, you may have the right or choice to:
Opt out of some collection or uses of your Personal Information, including the use of cookies and similar technologies, the use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes, the preparation of transaction data for real-time services that your bank or another party may offer you, and the anonymisation of your Personal Information for data analyses.
Access your Personal Information, obtain a copy of it, rectify it, restrict or object to its processing, or request its deletion, destruction or anonymisation.
Receive the Personal Information you provided to us to transmit it to another company.
Withdraw any consent provided.
Where applicable, lodge a complaint with your relevant supervisory authority or regulator.
You, or a party authorised to act on your behalf, can exercise your rights on Mastercard’s “
My Data
” portal or by submitting a request as described in the “
How to Contact Us
” section below.
If you reside in the United States, you may have additional rights as described in our U.S. Privacy Addendum.
Learn more
You may have certain rights regarding the Personal Information we maintain about you and certain choices about what Personal Information we collect from you, how we use it, and how we communicate with you.
We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights, except where the different price or level of quality of good or service is reasonably related to the value of the data that we receive from you. In some instances, we may not be able to provide you with the good or service that you request if you choose to exercise certain rights.
You can choose:
Not to provide Personal Information to Mastercard by refraining from conducting payment transactions or from submitting Personal Information directly to us. When we collect Personal Information from you, we indicate whether and why it is necessary to provide it to us, as well as the consequences of failing to do so. If you do not provide Personal Information, you may not be able to benefit from the full range of Mastercard products and services, and we may not be able to provide you with the Mastercard products or services if that information is necessary to provide you with them, or if we are legally required to collect it in relation to the provision of such product or service.
To opt out of the collection and use of certain information, which we collect about you by automated means, when you visit our websites or use our apps. In certain jurisdictions, you can exercise your choice regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies by clicking on the ‘Manage cookies’ banner displayed in the bottom right corner of Mastercard websites. Your browser may tell you how to be notified of and opt out of having certain types of cookies placed on your device. Note that without certain cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our websites, apps or online services.
To opt out of certain uses of information, which we collect about you by automated means, when you visit third-party websites and interact with our ads. We may use service providers to serve ads on those third-party websites. These ads may be customised and served based on the use of data we and our partners have collected on our websites and apps. In addition, some of our service providers and partners may collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites to customise and serve these ads. Mastercard ads are sometimes delivered with icons that help consumers (i) learn more about how their data is being used and (ii) exercise choices they may have regarding the use of their data. Please click where applicable, on the icon in our targeted ads to learn about your ability to opt out or limit the use of your browsing behaviour for advertising purposes. You may also exercise your choice regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies by clicking on the ‘Manage cookies’ banner displayed in the bottom right corner of our websites.
To tell us not to send you marketing emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link within the marketing emails you receive from us or by contacting us as indicated below. You also may opt out of receiving marketing emails from Mastercard by
clicking here
.
To opt out of the anonymisation of your Personal Information to perform data analyses by
clicking here
.
Depending on the country in which you are located, you may have the right to:
Request access to and receive information about the Personal Information we maintain about you, to update and correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information, to restrict or to object to the processing of your Personal Information, to have the information anonymised, destroyed or deleted, as appropriate, or to exercise your right to data portability to easily transfer your Personal Information to another company. In addition, you may also have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority or regulator, including in your country of residence, place of work or where an incident took place.
Withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your Personal Information, at any time and free of charge. We will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent withdrawal.
If you reside in the United States, you may have additional rights as described in our U.S. Privacy Addendum.
For information on the number of privacy requests Mastercard processed pursuant to privacy laws globally, please review the “
My Data Report
” section of the “
My Data
” portal.
You may opt out from certain processing of your Personal Information, e.g., via our
opt-out webpage
.
Note that this list may not be exhaustive, which means that you may have additional rights in accordance with your local laws.  In addition, the above rights may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements.
To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists or submit a request to exercise your rights under applicable law, contact us as specified in the "
How To Contact Us
" section below.
We have developed Mastercard’s “
My Data
” portal to facilitate the exercise of your rights. You, or a party authorised to act on your behalf, can exercise your rights on Mastercard’s “
My Data
” portal or by submitting a request as described in the “
How to Contact Us
” section below.
If we fall short of your expectations in processing your Personal Information or you wish to make a complaint about our privacy practices, please tell us because it gives us an opportunity to fix the problem. To assist us in responding to your request, please give full details of the issue. We attempt to review and respond to all complaints within a reasonable time and as required under applicable law.
To learn more about the APEC Certification and access Dispute Resolution, please click on the TRUSTe seal.
View summary
5. Data Transfers
Mastercard is a global business. We may transfer your Personal Information to the United States and other countries which may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information, but we will protect your Personal Information in accordance with this Global Privacy Notice, or as otherwise disclosed to you.
We comply with applicable legal requirements when transferring Personal Information to countries other than the country where you are located. If you are located in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, we will transfer your Personal Information in accordance with adequacy decisions, Binding Corporate Rules, standard contractual clauses, and other data transfer mechanisms.
See list of countries for which the European Commission has issued an adequacy decision
here
;
See list of countries for which the UK government has issued an adequacy decision
here
;
See list of countries for which the Swiss Federal Council has issued an adequacy decision
here
;
Mastercard’s privacy practices, described in this Global Privacy Notice, comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules System. The APEC CBPR system provides a framework for organisations to ensure protection of Personal Information transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC framework can be found
here
.
Learn more
Mastercard is a global business. We may transfer the Personal Information we collect about you to recipients in countries other than your country, including the United States, where we are headquartered. These countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer your Personal Information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Global Privacy Notice, as disclosed to you at the time of data collection or as described in our programme-specific privacy notice.
We comply with applicable legal requirements, including obtaining consent where required, when transferring Personal Information to countries other than the country where you are located. In particular, we have established and implemented Binding Corporate Rules (“
BCRs
”) that have been recognised by EEA data protection authorities as providing an adequate level of protection to the Personal Information we process globally. A copy of our EEA BCRs is available
here
. We equally rely on UK BCRs to transfer Personal Information outside of the United Kingdom. A copy of our UK BCRs is available
here
.
We may also transfer Personal Information to countries for which adequacy decisions have been issued (see list of countries for which the European Commission has issued an adequacy decision
here
); see list of countries which the Swiss Federal Council has determined to provide for adequate data protection legislation
here
), use contractual protections for the transfer of Personal Information to third parties, such as the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses or their equivalent under applicable law, or rely on other data transfer mechanisms or requirements where applicable. Depending on your country, you may contact us as specified in the “
How to Contact Us
” section below to obtain a copy of the safeguards we use to transfer Personal Information outside of your jurisdiction.
Additionally, Mastercard’s privacy practices, described in this Global Privacy Notice, comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules System. The APEC CBPR system provides a framework for organisations to ensure protection of Personal Information transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC framework can be found
here
.
If you are located in mainland China, you understand that we may transfer the Personal Information we collect about you to recipients in countries or regions other than mainland China, including Mastercard International Incorporated in the United States, Mastercard Asia/Pacific Pte. Limited in Singapore and to other affiliates as listed
here
. When we conduct international transfers of Personal Information, we will always ensure to comply with requirements stipulated under applicable laws.
View summary
6. How We Protect Your Personal Information
We maintain appropriate security safeguards to protect your Personal Information and only retain it for a limited period of time.
Learn more
The security of your Personal Information is important to Mastercard. We are committed to protecting the information we collect. We maintain reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the Personal Information you provide or we collect against accidental, unlawful or unauthorised destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. We use SSL encryption on a number of our websites from which we transfer certain Personal Information.
In the event of a breach of our security safeguards, we will assess the extent of harm (if any) to individuals, and comply with reporting and notification obligations in accordance with the applicable law.
We also take measures to delete your Personal Information or keep it in a form that does not permit identifying you when this information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we process it, unless we are required by law to keep this information for a longer period. When determining the retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of products and services requested by or provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, possible re-enrolment with our products or services, the impact on the services we provide to you if we delete some information from or about you, mandatory retention periods provided by law and the statute of limitations.
View summary
7. Features and Links to Other Websites
Our websites may include links to other third-party websites, social media tools, widgets or plug-ins, permitting sharing web content including IP address, with third parties and social media providers. These social media providers may learn of your visit even if you are not logged in to your social media account or if you do not have an account with them. To the extent any linked websites or features you visit or use are not owned or controlled by Mastercard, we suggest that you review their own privacy notices or policies.
Learn more
Our websites may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. Our website may also contain certain features for which we partner with other entities. These entities may learn of your visit regardless of whether you use these features. These websites and features, which may include social networking and geo-location tools, operate independently from Mastercard, and are clearly identified as such. To the extent any linked websites or features you visit or use are not owned or controlled by Mastercard, we suggest that you review the privacy practices of the websites.
Mastercard offers you the possibility to share, link to, or mention things on social media about Mastercard’s products and services. For example, you may “like” an offer via your Facebook account, or “tweet” an offer using Twitter. When you visit a website with a social media button, your browser establishes a direct connection to that social media provider, and data concerning your visit, including IP address, is transferred to the social media provider. If you have an account with the social media provider, the provider may link your visit to your account, even if you are not logged into this account.
You may also choose to use certain features on our websites that can be accessed through, or for which we partner with, other entities that are not otherwise affiliated with Mastercard. These features, including geo-location tools, are operated by third parties and are clearly identified as such. Social media providers such as Facebook and Twitter, and these other third parties, are independent from Mastercard and do not necessarily share the same policy as Mastercard regarding the protection of privacy. Please review their privacy notices if you decide to use their services and consult your social media account settings if you want to deactivate certain features.
View summary
8. Children’s Privacy
Mastercard products and services are not directed to, likely to be accessed by, or intended for, children under the age of 18 or the age of majority (to the extent it differs under applicable law), in accordance with applicable law.
Learn more
Mastercard products and services are not directed to, likely to be accessed by, or intended for children. However, Mastercard may process Personal Information about children below 18 years of age or the age of majority (to the extent it differs under applicable law), with the parent or guardian’s consent, and with the child’s  consent where required, or based on another legal basis in accordance with applicable law. If you learn that Mastercard is processing children’s Personal Information in violation of this Privacy Notice, then you may alert us at
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
.
View summary
9. Updates to This Global Privacy Notice
This Global Privacy Notice may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our privacy practices.
Learn more
This Global Privacy Notice may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our Personal Information practices. We will post a prominent notice on relevant websites to notify you of any significant or material changes to our Global Privacy Notice prior to them being effective and indicate at the top of the Notice when it was most recently updated. If we update our Global Privacy Notice, in certain circumstances, we may seek your consent.
View summary
10. How to Contact Us
You can e-mail our Global Privacy Office at
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
. You may also submit a request to exercise your rights to your Personal Information on Mastercard’s “
My Data
” portal or by emailing us at:
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
.
Learn more
If you have any questions, comments or complaints about this Global Privacy Notice and our privacy practices, or would like to update your privacy preferences, please email us at:
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
or write to us at:
Global Privacy Office
Mastercard International Incorporated
2000 Purchase Street
Purchase, New York 10577
USA
If you reside in a state in the
United States
which recognises privacy rights under law, you may  exercise your rights under applicable privacy law by submitting your request on Mastercard’s “
My Data
” portal, email us at:
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
, or call our toll-free number: 1-833-244-4084. For more information on exercising these rights, please see our U.S. Privacy Addendum.
If you are located in
Quebec, Canada
, you may contact our Data Protection Officer at
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
. For inquiries about your Mastercard card and your purchase, you should contact your financial institution or merchant. More information about how to contact them can be found on their respective websites.
If you are located in the
EEA, the UK or Switzerland
, Mastercard Europe SA is the entity responsible for the processing of your Personal Information (or data controller). You may submit your request to exercise your rights to your Personal Information on Mastercard’s “
My Data
” portal, or email us at:
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
, or write to us at:
Europe Data Protection Officer
Mastercard Europe SA
Chaussée de Tervuren 198A
B-1410 Waterloo
Belgium
If you are located in
Brazil
, Mastercard Brasil Soluções de Pagamento Ltda. is the entity responsible for the processing of your Personal Information. You may submit your request to exercise your rights to your Personal Information on Mastercard’s “
My Data
” portal, or email us at:
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
or write to us at:
Brazil Data Protection Officer
Mastercard Brasil Soluções de Pagamento Ltda.
Avenida das Nações Unidas, 14.171, 20º andar, Crystal Tower
São Paulo/SP
Brasil
CEP 04794-000
If you are located in the
Caribbean and Latin America
, you may submit your request to exercise your rights to your Personal Information on Mastercard’s “
My Data
” portal. You may also contact our Data Protection Officer responsible for the Caribbean and Latin America regions at
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
.
If you are located in
Asia Pacific (excluding mainland China), Middle East
or
Africa
, Mastercard Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. is the entity responsible for the processing of your Personal Information. You may submit your request to exercise your rights to your Personal Information by emailing us at:
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
, calling our toll-free number listed
here
or write to us at:
Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa Data Protection Officer
Mastercard Asia/Pacific Pte Ltd
3 Fraser Street, DUO Tower, Level 17
Singapore 189352
If you are located in
South Africa
, you may also send your complaint to the South African Information Regulator at the following:
Email:
complaints.IR@justice.gov.za
Post: PO Box 31533, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2017
Website:
https://www.justice.gov.za/inforeg/
If you are located in
mainland China
, Mastercard Shanghai Business Consulting Ltd. is the entity responsible for the processing of your Personal Information. You may submit your request to exercise your rights to your Personal Information by emailing us at:
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
or writing to us at:
China Data Protection Officer
Room 2907-14, Part of 29/F Tower 2
Shanghai IFC, 8 Century Avenue
China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone
View summary
Manage Cookies
How We use Cookies
We use cookies to improve the site, measure performance, understand our audience, enhance your experience and provide you with advertising based on your browsing activities and interests on this and other sites. You can always change your preferences or opt out at the bottom of the site. Please note some of the cookies we use are essential for the parts of the site to operate. See “Manage Cookies” for details.
Manage Cookies
Reject All
Accept Cookies
Your Privacy
Strictly necessary cookies
Performance cookies
Functionality cookies
Advertising cookies
Your Privacy
Our site uses cookies and other similar technologies like pixel tags and web beacons. A cookie is a small piece of data that a website asks your browser to store on your computer or mobile device. Cookies allow a site to "remember" your actions or preferences over time. So when you visit our site, the cookies may store or retrieve information on your browser, which may be about you, your preferences and/or your device. We use cookies, as well as third-party cookies, to operate and improve the site, measure our audience, enhance your experience and provide you with content and advertising tailored to your interests based on your browsing activities and actions on this and other sites. For instance, cookies enable us to assess how many users access or use our service, which content, products, and features of our service most interest our users, what types of content our users like to see, and how our service performs from a technical point of view.
Click on the different category headings to manage your cookie preferences and find out more about the cookies we use and why. Click on Allow All if you want all cookies enabled (although essential cookies are always enabled). Please keep in mind that if you do not accept certain cookies, it may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
If you have questions about the way we use cookies, please contact us at
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
.
Always Active
These cookies are strictly necessary for the site to work properly and cannot be disabled in our systems. These cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. We do not always process personal data when we place essential cookies. In the instances we do, we rely on the following legal basis for processing: they are necessary to make the site function for you to view. Please note that you can set your browser to block these cookies, but this may affect how the site functions.
OneTrust Cookies
Always Active
Akamai website security cookies
Always Active
F5 BIG-IP load balancing Cookies
Always Active
DXP library cookie
Always Active
CloudFoundry bot management
Always Active
NU Security Captcha
Always Active
Cookies Details‎
Performance cookies
These cookies help improve our site by collecting and reporting information on how you use it. This information enables us to improve site performance, correct any errors, and provide a quality user experience. For instance, it helps us understand how long you spend on the site and from where you are accessing it, and also helps us see if you have visited our sites before so we can identify the number of unique users we receive.
Adobe Experience Cloud
Switch Label
ZoomInfo formComplete
Switch Label
Cookies Details‎
Functionality cookies
These cookies enable our site to remember choices you make, for example, the language you select, or to enable services, such as viewing videos. These cookies allow us to tailor the site to you and provide enhanced functionality.  Without these cookies, certain functionalities may not be available.
Pardot
Switch Label
Cookies Details‎
Advertising cookies
These cookies are used to analyze your interests and preferences to show you relevant ads on this site and other sites based on your browsing habits and activity. They may be placed through our site by third-party data or advertising companies that we partner with, or other service providers. Social media cookies and other tools enable you to connect or interact with social media sites and offerings and may track your activities and interests.
If you choose to turn off these cookies, you may experience less relevant advertising. Note that you may still see ads about Mastercard on the Internet based on your visits and actions on other sites not related to Mastercard.
Linkedin
Switch Label
ZoomInfo pixel
Switch Label
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel