Legal information
CGU
CGV
Cookie policy
Privacy policy
Legal notice
About METEO CONSULT
The company
Join us
Contact us
Better understand
The METEO CONSULT model
Map legend
Pictogram legends
Glossary
Page
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
METEO CONSULT (hereinafter “
our Company
”) respects your
                                    privacy. This privacy policy (along with our
General Terms and Conditions of Use
,
                                    our
Cookies Policy
, and any other document or information notice referring to
                                    this policy) informs you of how your personal data is processed
                                    when collected by the Websites at
www.meteoconsult.fr
and
marine.meteoconsult.fr
(hereinafter
                                    “the Websites”), the shipping forecast (Météo Marine) app (hereinafter the “App”) as well as
                                    the services provided through the Websites and App, such as subscription to our
                                    information lists (hereinafter “the Services”).
This policy does not concern any data processing activities undertaken for publication purposes on the Websites
                                    or the App.
To consult our cookies policy, please consult the
Cookies Policy
for
                                    this Website. If you would like to directly change your settings for cookies on this
                                    Website,
please click here
.
METEO CONSULT is part of Figaro Group which also includes
                                    the companies editing those websites listed here as well as Figaromédias (advertising
                                    editor), CCM Performance (performance marketing firm) and Zebestof (trading
                                    desk).
This policy provides answers to the following
                                    questions:
What information is collected in the framework of use of the Websites, App and
                                            use of the Services? :
Use of the Website, App and Services lead to collection of personal
                                    data concerning yourself, which you notified to us when
                                    using the Services or contacting us.
Information regarding your activities on the Websites, App and use of the Services, including
                                    connection and browsing data are also collected, without however
                                    allowing for direct identification of users. These data do however allow for association
                                    between the data belonging to a single user, including those collected on the websites/apps
                                    of other entities forming Figaro Group or client websites/apps of our commercial
                                    partners and regardless of the terminal used, and to consequently produce user
                                    profiles for commercial canvassing and advertising purposes. For users with
                                    a Figaro account, the profile generated is directly linked to the user.
Find out more
Who collects your personal data on the Websites, App or via
                                            the Services?
Collection and processing of personal data via the Websites, App and for the purpose
                                    of performance of the Services are primarily undertaken under the liability of the Company.
                                    However, some functions on the Websites, App or the use of some services
                                    such as advertising, access to products and services proposed on the Websites or
                                    the App by third-parties, the use of links towards third-party websites do involve the
                                    processing of your personal data by third parties.
Find out more
Why do we collect personal data?
We collect personal data primarily for the following purposes:
to make it easier to use the Websites, App and Services,
to manage interactions with users and to display adverts on this Website and/or
                                        this App and other websites/apps (such as for
                                        browsing data),
to manage relations with our users/subscribers and more widely any people
                                        with an account, and provide them with the Services subscribed.
to send promotions to our users/subscribers and prospective clients which are
                                        most frequently personalised on the basis of areas of interest and location.
Find out more
For how long is this information stored?
Typically, your personal data are stored in an active database for a
                                    term which complies with legal provisions and/or in proportion with the use for which
                                    they are collected.
Find out more
With whom do we share this information?
Your personal data are sent to our service providers and sub-contractors insofar as
                                    necessary for management of the Websites, App and Services subscribed, with it being
                                    understood that some services may be provided by other entities of Figaro Group.
                                    Subject to your consent where required, these data may be shared
                                    with other entities of Figaro Group and our commercial partners, so as to allow us
                                    to offer you promotions, including third-parties, as well as for
                                    advertising which is, most frequently, personalised around your areas of interest and/or location.
Find out more
What is the legal basis for data collection?
We only collect personal data when we have a
                                    legal basis to do so (contract, legitimate interest, consent, legal obligations).
Find out more
How do you protect the security of my personal data?
We implement measures aimed at ensuring the security of the Websites, the App
                                    and the Services to protect your personal data against any access by unauthorised
                                    third-parties.
Find out more
Are personal data transferred outside of the European Union?
We store all Personal Data inside the European Union. However, it is
                                    possible that some data we collect when using our Websites, our
                                    App or our Services be transferred outside of the EU towards countries with
                                    data protection legislation which is different to that
                                    applicable in France.  In this instance, we implement all guarantees for which provision is made
                                    by data protection legislation to ensure a suitable
                                    level of protection of the data transferred.
Find out more
How can you unsubscribe from newsletters, manage options for communication
                                            and commercial canvassing?
At any time you can unsubscribe from newsletters and manage your options for
                                    commercial canvassing.
Find out more
What can you do if you do not want to receive targeted ads?
At any time you can withdraw your consent for use of technologies by our
                                    commercial partners for targeted ads.
Please note however that refusing targeted ads only means that the ads displayed on this
                                    Website or on areas providing Services will no longer be adapted to your areas of interest. This
                                    will not affect or prevent the display and receipt of other types of untargeted
                                    ads.
Find out more
How can you access your personal data? How can you correct and delete personal data
                                            or exercise your other rights?
You have several rights (access, amendment, deletion, objection and limitation,
                                    claims and portability, etc.) in accordance with data protection legislation
                                    which allow you to control the processing activities of your
                                    personal data.
Find out more
How can you contact us?
How are you notified of any changes to this policy?
What information is collected in the framework of
                                            use of the Websites, the App and the Services?
We collect several categories of personal data:
The data which you send to us:
this involves your identification and contact information
                                    (such as your surname, given names, civil status, email address, postal address,
                                    telephone number, preferences, service subscribed, subject of a request when you write to us
                                    or contact one of our advisors, your login details, information regarding your
                                    payment terms and/or bank details, etc.) which you send to use when
                                    subscribing to any of our Services or take part in any event, or
                                    when contacting us.
Data generated when using the Websites, App and
                                            Services when you have logged in
(such as comments, areas of interests, your
                                    options regarding commercial canvassing, the frequency and volume of use of our
                                    services, your logins, etc.).
Data collected automatically by your web browser whether or not you
                                        are logged in:
this concerns information attached to your web browser (such as your online
                                    activities on the Websites or App, pages consulted, etc.). This information is collected both
                                    when you are logged in and when you are not logged in and is cross-referenced
                                    regardless of the terminal or device you are using. These websites use tracing technologies
                                    by advertising and publicity partners: to find out more on this, please
                                    read our
Cookies Policy
.
Geolocation data:
when you log in using the App and
                                    have activated the option, we collect information about your location
                                    to offer you products and services which are suited to your
                                    geographical location. If you do want want us to use your location data for
                                    this purpose, you can deactivate the geolocation function in your
                                    device settings.
Data sent by commercial partners or other entities of
                                        Figaro Group:
this concerns information which is sent to us by
                                    commercial partners or other entities of Figaro Group with whom you have been in
                                    contact and have authorised to share your personal data
                                    with us for commercial canvassing or targeted ads. This may concern socio-demographic
                                    data (such as your socio-professional category, age group,
                                    gender, etc.), contact information (such as your email address, etc.), profile
                                    information (such as your interest in particular products or services, areas of interests, etc.).
Combination of data.
The Company and commercial partners including
                                    some entities of Figaro Group may combine the data collected from all of these
                                    sources with other data they hold and produce profiling
                                    information for targeted ads.
Calls to our advisors.
Furthermore, when contacting any of our advisors, your
                                    conversations are likely to be recorded for quality service monitoring.
Which people collect your personal data
                                            via the Websites, App or Services?
Company Websites, App and Services.
Notwithstanding any indication to the contrary, in the capacity of editor of the
                                    Websites and App, the Company is data controller as defined by
                                    data protection legislation regarding the data processing activities
                                    implemented to ensure proper operation of the Websites, App
                                    and provision of Services.
Ad display.
However, some processing required for ad display
                                        on the Websites or App (for instance sponsored ads or links) are implemented
                                        in whole or in part by commercial partners (who are responsible for the
                                        technologies used to collect data - such as login details
                                        contained in cookies associated with the pages visited), for targeted ads, including
                                        on other websites. We invite you to refer to our cookies policy on this issue
                                    by reading the
Cookies Policy
for this Website.
Third-party services and events.
Some services or events are proposed in the framework of
                                        partnerships (such as the organisation of competitions or events). If, in these instances,
                                        data are also collected by third parties, we will inform you at the time of
                                        subscription. In this instance, it is also necessary, before subscribing to the Services
                                        or taking part in the events, to consult the policies of these third-parties.
Links to other sites.
The Websites may also contain links pointing to other sites
                                        or services proposed by third-parties. This policy is not applicable to these sites or
                                        services. In this instance, we invite you to consult the data protection
                                        policies of these third-party sites or services.
Which people collect your personal data
                                            via the Websites, App or Services?
Browsing on the Websites or App.
In general, you can browse on the
                                        Websites or App without sending us any data which allows you to be
                                        identified. However, some parts of the Websites, App or some of the paid-for content
                                        are only accessible to identified users who have created a user account.
Moreover, free and unrestricted access to content on the Websites, App and some
                                    of the Services are financed by advertising revenue from spaces on the Websites,
                                    the App or from within the Services. To properly display ads which
                                    are of interest to you, the Websites and App use targeted ad
                                    technologies implemented by the Company or its commercial partners. To find out more
                                    about these technologies, we invite you to read our
Cookies Policy
.
Interactions with the Websites, App and Services.
The Company is also led
                                to collect personal data regarding users of the Websites, App and
                                Services in the following cases and for the following purposes:
Creation of a user account, including account approval and security
Subscription to our newsletters, subscription packages and access to our publications
Management of how we contact you for questions, requests for technical
                                        assistance, complaints and claims, calling our advisors
Protecting the security of the Websites, App and Services.
Management of subscribed Services.
We use the data collected to manage
                                    the Services subscribed and to fulfil our contractual obligations, to
                                    undertake account and financial management (billing, payment supervision, processing
                                    claims and incidents, including debt recovery and dispute resolution,
                                    etc.) in accordance with the provisions appearing in our
General Terms and Conditions of Use
.
Promotions.
Subject to your consent where required, we
                                        use data collected on the Websites, App or Services to
                                        manage commercial canvassing, to allow us to offer you specific services
                                        and promotions, organise events, competitions, surveys and
                                        studies.
Ads.
Subject to your consent where required, we establish profiles of
                                        users and targeted ads to send you or display on the Websites or App
                                        offers which match your areas of interest and/or geographical location or
                                        which we believe may be of interest to you, including through the use of technologies installing
                                        Cookies on your device or in the emails which we send. Similarly, our
                                        commercial partners as well as entities in Figaro Group who work in the
                                        advertising sector (Figaromédias, Zebestof and/or CCM Performance) may also establish
                                        such profiles to send you or display on the Websites/App sponsored links,
                                        and to send you or display such content on other sites. This falls within the framework
                                        of increasing traffic and populating the databases operated by Figaro Group, with it
                                        being indicated that none of your data are shard without your consent where this is
                                        required.
When visiting our website, we may share personal data
                                        or other information which we collect from you,
                                        such as your IP address and/or information regarding your web browser or
                                        operating system, with ID5 and other entities within its group,
                                        who act as data controllers.
ID5 uses this information to create a unique identifier
                                        to recognise you when using your devices. This identifier does not include any of your
                                        identifiable personal data.
We may include this identifier in a first party cookie or use an
                                        ID5 cookie and allow this to be used for the publication
                                        of online ads. This ID may be shared by ourselves or on our behalf
                                        with advertising partners and other third-party advertisers
                                        globally to offer content based on your areas of
                                        interest and/or for targeted ads throughout your online
                                        experience (for instance online, in emails, on connected
                                        devices, in-app, etc.). Detailed information regarding ID5 data processing activities
                                        in relation with this ID and the ID5 opt-out are
                                        available in the ID5 platform privacy policy here
                                        :
https://id5.io/platform-privacy-policy
.
You are entitled to withdraw your consent or opt-out of processing
                                        your personal data at any time.
Statistics.
We also use data collected for surveys and
                                        statistics.
Some data are also stored to fulfil our legal obligations and
                                    defend our interest in the event of any legal dispute or proceedings.
For how long is this information stored
                                            ?
Typically, your personal data are stored in an active database for a
                                    term which complies with legal provisions and/or in proportion with the use for which
                                    they are collected.
The terms of storage vary depending on whether we have a current active contractual relation
                                    (you are an active client), whether we had a contractual relation with you in the past
                                    (you are an inactive client) or we never had any relation of this nature with you
                                    (you are a prospective client).
Data related to your browsing on our online services collected through cookies have,
                                    in all instances, a term of storage which may not exceed thirteen (13) months.
The primary terms of storage are indicated hereunder:
Categories
Purposes
Terms of storage
Data regarding an
                                                active client (print or
                                                digital subscription, purchase)
Client account administration
During the entire term
                                                of contractual relations
Data regarding an
                                                inactive client
                                                (print or digital
                                                subscription, purchase)
Sending information about our
                                                publications and offers
3 years after the end of the contract
                                                or the last contact
                                                from an inactive client
Data regarding an
                                                inactive client (subscribed to
                                                newsletters or subscribed
                                                to an online account)
Sending information about our
                                                publications and offers
3 years following
                                                unsubscription or the
                                                last contact from an
                                                inactive client
Data regarding a
                                                prospective client
Creation and administration of a register
                                                of prospective clients
3 years following
                                                data collection or the
                                                last contact from a
                                                prospective client
Data regarding your
                                                browsing activities on our
                                                online services
                                                (cookies)
Operation and improvement of
                                                Websites and services, Website
                                                traffic. Personalisation of
                                                content and targeted ads
13 months maximum
Your personal data may be archived for longer that those durations indicated so as to
                                    fulfil our legal obligations or as proof. Beyond this period, they will then be deleted.
With whom do we share your data?
In the framework of use of the Services, some of your information is sent to our
                                    service providers and sub-contractors who work to provide the Service and in the limits strictly necessary for their
                                    work. Some of these services may be provided by other entities of
                                    Figaro Group. Consequently, your payment information is sent to our payment service providers and
                                    to banks with whom accounts are held for transactions related to
                                    your subscriptions.
Subject to your consent where required or notwithstanding any other options you have made,
                                    personal data concerning Figaro subscribers and account holders (including
                                    name, contact details, subscription history, areas of interest and user profile), as well as
                                    those regarding people who contact us (name, contact details, subject of the request
                                    and response provided), are shared between entities in Figaro Group for centralised
                                    customer management, surveys, analysis and segmentation, and for
                                    commercial canvassing. Some of this information (such as your contact details, your
                                    areas of interest, your age or your socio-professional category,
                                    your geolocation data) may be shared with our commercial partners who
                                    are then likely to send you information regarding their products and services or those of
                                    their clients.
We are also led to share your personal data with our external legal counsel
                                    in the event of any dispute, or with third-parties, such as credit recovery firms,
                                    responsible for recovering unpaid amounts or our service providers who are responsible for
                                    moderating discussion forums on our Websites.
Your personal data may also be shared in those instances not indicated above
                                    with your consent or where we are legally bound by legislation.
                                    Consequently, when you use social media buttons or connect to your account
                                    on the Websites using connection modules managed by these social media sites, your
                                    personal identification data are automatically sent to these social media sites.
In such instance as any Company activities, in whole or in part, should be sold, your
                                    Personal Data will be sent to the buyer to ensure continuity of the Services
                                    and/or, unless you have informed us to the contrary, for commercial canvassing.
What is the legal basis for data collection
                                            which we undertake?
We only collect personal data when we have a
                                legal basis on which to do so.
When necessary for performance of contracts you have subscribed (user account,
                                        subscriptions, etc.), and/or
When necessary for our legitimate interests notably to offer you
                                        adapted content, draw up statistics, to protect the Websites and App
                                        against any unauthorised use.
When necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
Outside of these instance, they will also be collected on the basis of your consent, for
                                    example when you complete a contact form, when you post a
                                    comment on a forum or where consent is legally required (for instance
                                    when sending you an email for partner offers).
How do you protect the security of my
                                            personal data?
Your personal data are protected by technical and organisational
                                    means which comply with French and European legislative and
                                    regulatory requirements, to ensure their security and confidentiality.
In particular, the Company uses protection technology, such as encryption systems,
                                    authentication systems and fraud detection measures to protect your online account,
                                    and your payment transactions.
The Company ensures, through written commitments, that its service providers offer
                                    sufficient guarantees to protect all personal data for which they are responsible for
                                    processing.
Are personal data transferred outside of the
                                            European Union? If so, what guarantees are offered?
We store all Personal Data inside the European Union. However, it is
                                    possible that some data we collect when using our Websites or Services
                                    be transferred outside of the European Union towards countries whose data protection
                                    legislation differs to that applicable in
                                    France.
Such transfers are undertaken with appropriate guarantees in terms of compliance with
                                    data protection regulations applicable.
How can you unsubscribe from newsletters, manage options
                                            in terms of commercial communication
                                            and canvassing?
How can you unsubscribe from newsletters?
After logging in using your identifiers, in the top-right corner of your screen, click on
                                    My Account, and then to manage your email settings, click on My Profile, at the bottom of
                                    the page you can choose which emails you would like to receive.
For weather alert emails, go to My Account, My Daily Emails and click on the
                                    rubbish bin icon in front of those weather alert emails you no longer wish to receive.
What are my options regarding commercial canvassing?
Commercial canvassing.
In accordance with applicable legislation and with your
                                        consent where required, we may use data you provide to us
                                        when creating your account or using the Services for commercial
                                        canvassing (for instance, sending you promotions, including from third-parties,
                                        sending invitations to our events or any other communication which we feel may be of
                                        interest to you). Subject to your consent where required, we may also
                                        share some information with our commercial partners for the purpose of commercial
                                        canvassing.
If you no longer wish for your data to be used in this manner, you can simply
                                    contact us following the process indicated under Contact Us.
Promotional emails
: You can withdraw your consent at any time by:
Ticking the relevant box in your account which can be accessed after logging in via
                                        the section “my account”, “my profile”, at the bottom of the page
Clicking on the unsubscribe link included in each of our emails
Contacting us following the process indicated under Contact Us.
Postal correspondence
you can opt out of this at any time by contacting us
                                        following the process indicated under Contact Us.
What can you do if you do not want to receive targeted
                                            ads?
At any time you can withdraw your consent for use of technologies (cookies, tracers)
                                            for targeted ads (for example to display on our Websites, our App or on
                                            third-party Sites ads which match your user profile or which we consider as being
                                            of interest to you) by changing your settings
here
. For further information, you can
                                    read our
Cookies Policy
Please note however that refusing targeted ads only means that the ads displayed on this
                                    Website or on areas providing Services will no longer be adapted to your areas of interest. This
                                    will not affect or prevent the display and receipt of other types of untargeted
                                    ads.
How can you access your personal data?
                                            How can you correct and delete personal data
                                            or exercise other rights?
Access and copies
You have a right to access and be sent copies of your personal data.
Before responding to any request, we are required by law to confirm your identity.
                                    We may be led to ask that you provide us with more information in order to
                                    fulfil your request. We will strive to answer your request as quickly
                                    as possible.
If you have an account, you can directly access
all data in
                                    your online account, as well as your subscriptions: log in to your account.
This access also allows you to correct, amend or delete your contact details.
If you can not access your account, or to access other data, contact us
                                    following the process indicated under Contact Us.
Request modification of inaccurate personal data
You can also request modification of your personal data
                                    when incorrect and request limited processing whilst they are
                                    corrected.  You can also, depending on the nature of processing, request that any personal
                                    data we hold be completed.  We may, in this instance, ask you
                                    to provide supporting documents.
If you can not access your account or if the data you wish to correct
                                    cannot be corrected by accessing your account, contact us
                                    following the process indicated under Contact Us below.
Withdraw your consent for processing of your personal data
Where processing of your personal data is based on your consent (such as for instance
                                    subscription to a newsletter, entry into a competition,
                                    subscription for an event, the issue of electronic commercial requests for
                                    products and services other than those for which you have subscribed, the use of cookies
                                    and similar technology on this site), at any time you may withdraw
                                    your consent.
This right can be exercised by changing your options for commercial canvassing
                                    and subscriptions to newsletters, and by withdrawing your consent for
                                    installation of cookies using the process outlined in our
Cookies Policy
.
Request deletion of your personal data
You can also request that your personal data be deleted in the following
                                instances:
You consider that processing of your personal data is no longer necessary
                                        given the Services subscribed or your use of the Websites, the
                                        App or those purposes outlined hereinabove in this policy or that their
                                        storage runs contrary to the law
You have withdrawn your consent to data processing (see above:
                                        Withdraw your consent for processing of your personal data)
You object to processing your personal data due to grounds related to your
                                        personal circumstances
You object to use of your personal data for commercial
                                        canvassing
Your personal data were collected online whilst you were a child.
Alternatively and in the limits set forth by law, you can request limited
                                    processing of your personal data.
Please note that notwithstanding your right to deletion or limited processing, we are likely
                                    to store some of your personal data where required or authorised by
                                    law, where we have a legitimate reason to do so, to exercise or defend our
                                    rights in court or where exercising this right harms freedom of
                                    expression and information. For example this is the case if we
                                    believe you have breached our
General Terms and Conditions of Use
.
Issue us with instructions after death
You are also able to define instructions for how we process your Personal Data
                                    after your death.
Exercise your right to data portability
You can, within the limits set forth by law, exercise your right to data portability which allows
                                    you to reclaim all personal data you have sent to us for
                                    creation and administration of your account and subscriptions (e.g. email address,
                                    username, age, list of subscriptions) in an interoperable format.
To exercise your right to data portability, contact us using the process outlined under
                                    Contact Us below.
Contact us
For any questions regarding this data protection policy or for any request regarding
                                your personal data, you can contact us:
Online
by sending an email to the following address:
                                            dpo@meteoconsult.fr
By post
at the following address: METEO CONSULT, Service DPO, 1 rue Jean-
                                        Antoine de Baïf – 78540 Vernouillet
You can also refer a request to the French Data Protection Authority (CNIL) for any claim or complaint regarding the processing of
                                    your personal data.
Important note:
We may amend this policy from time to time in order to reflect
                                    changes in our practices, to further outline our practices or to ensure proper compliance
                                    with regulations in force.
Updated on 05/10/2022
The Weather Crave
METEO CONSULT
Zen subscription
Buoy subscription
Lighthouse subscription
Briefing
English
French
Spanish
Italian
Portuguese
German
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://id5.io/platform-privacy-policy:
We value your privacy
We and our
partners
store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.  With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our  878 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may click to refuse to consent or access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting.  Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
ID5 Platform Privacy Policy
What is the ID5 Platform (or the "Platform")?
ID5 operates an identity platform for the digital advertising industry.
      By "Platform", we mean that we provide technology that websites, mobile
      apps and publishers of other internet-connected properties (such as
      internet-connected TV's), use to recognize users on their websites,
      mobile apps and other digital media properties (which we collectively
      refer to as "
Digital Properties
"), and that
      advertisers, or companies on an advertiser's behalf, use to target
      advertising to users in the most efficient way possible. Digital
      publishers and other "sellers" want their ads to be relevant to their
      readers, which helps them to offer content for no cost or lower cost.
      Advertisers, advertising agencies, and other "buyers" want to use their
      advertising dollars efficiently by reaching the right audiences, and by
      measuring the effectiveness of their ads. To accomplish these goals, our
      clients – including digital publishers and advertising technology
      platforms and service providers – use our Platform to more efficiently
      and effectively recognize their users and/or to enable their own clients
      to do so. ID5 is not an ad network, a media buyer or seller, or a data
      broker. We do not own digital properties on which we advertise, and we
      engage in advertising only in a limited manner for our own recruiting
      purposes and to advertise to other businesses (not to consumers).
What do we mean by Platform Data?
The Platform is designed to use certain types of information, that
      collectively we call "
Platform Data
". This includes
      information collected by our technology, products and services on the
      Digital Properties ("
Collected Data
"), which may
      include such information as IP address, unique browser or device
      identifiers, and the latitude and longitude of your device when you view
      a website that may want to show you an ad; (ii) information provided or
      uploaded to us or our Platform by our clients ("
Client Data
"), which typically includes a "hashed" copy of your email address
      ("hashing" prevents us from seeing the actual email address); and (iii)
      "
ID5 IDs
" (described below), which are random unique
      identifiers that we create and connect to Collected Data and/or Client
      Data. See "
What Information Do We Collect?
" below for more details on the type of information that may be
      included in Platform Data.
Some Platform Data (for example, cookie IDs, mobile advertising
      identifiers, ID5 IDs, and IP addresses) may identify a particular
      computer or device, and may be considered "Personal Data" or "personal
      information" (or another term with a substantially similar definition
      and obligations) in some jurisdictions, including the European Economic
      Area (see below on the meaning of "Personal Data" under the EU General
      Data Protection Regulation) and certain U.S. states. This data - which
      we call "Personal Data" - allows us to recognize a particular computer
      or device over time. We call cookie IDs, mobile advertising IDs, ID5
      IDs, and other random unique identifiers "
Digital Identifiers
".
Our Platform is not designed to utilize information that by itself
      identifies an individual in the "real world", such as "un-hashed" (i.e.,
      actual) name, address, phone number, email address, or government
      identifier. Instead, it is designed to utilize only Digital Identifiers
      that enable the recognition of a specific device or browser.
For European Jurisdiction data subjects, what is the meaning of
      "Personal Data" under the EU General Data Protection Regulation
      ("GDPR"), and what does this mean for Platform Data?
Under GDPR, "
Personal Data
" means any data relating to
      an individual who can be identified, directly or indirectly, from that
      data. It can take the form of a name or address, and can also extend to
      unique identifiers that do not tell us who an Internet user is in the
      "real world" but may, when combined with other information, allow the
      identification of an individual.
Our Platform does not rely on Personal Data that identifies you as an
      individual in the "real world", such as your actual, un-hashed name,
      email address, or phone number. When you (an Internet user) first visit
      a Digital Property that has integrated our technology, this triggers a
      request to our Platform. When this occurs, we assign an "ID5 ID" to your
      browser or device, which allows the Platform to recognize your browser
      or device the next time it visits another Digital Property that has
      integrated our technology. Such Digital Identifiers are considered
      "Personal Data" under the GDPR.
This allows our clients and certain other third parties selected by our
      clients to sync their own Digital Identifiers against this ID5 ID (see
      "
ID Syncing
" below) so that our clients can
      use their own data on other platforms that they may have associated with
      their own Digital Identifiers.
Glossary of Certain Terms
Browser
: A browser, or web browser, is the user interface or
      application through which you view web Digital Properties. Examples of
      prominent browsers are Microsoft's Internet Explorer, Google's Chrome,
      Apple's Safari, and Mozilla's Firefox.
Cookie
: A cookie is a small text file that is stored in a web
      browser by a website or Ad Server. By saving information in a cookie,
      websites and servers can remember preferences or recognize web browsers
      from one visit to another or from one website to another. Cookie IDs are
      Digital Identifiers.
ID Syncing
: ID syncing (sometimes also referred to as cookie
      syncing) is a common and long-standing process in the digital
      advertising industry that enables advertisers to link up data from
      multiple advertising platforms. (In other words, it helps advertisers
      buy ads in more than one place and on more than one service.)
Here's an example of how ID syncing works. Let's say you sell a product
      on your website. A customer visits your site. Your website stores a
      cookie to recognize that customer's browser, and the cookie contains an
      ID of 12345. You then associate that ID with information about what the
      customer shopped for on your site. If you want to then use that
      information to advertise to that user, you might go to an online
      advertising marketplace to buy ad space. In order to buy the right ad
      space to show your ads to the right user, you'll need to match your ID,
      which is 12345, to the ID that the marketplace has assigned to the same
      customer (which let's say for this example is ABCDE).
The result is a record that says ID 12345 = Marketplace ID ABCDE. That
      way, when the marketplace offers to sell you ad space to show your ad to
      ABCDE, your system will know that ABCDE is the same as 12345, and you
      can pick the right ad to show the customer.
Interest-Based Advertising
: Interest-based advertising
      associates a user’s activity and interest information, demographic
      information, geographic information, and similar information with a
      browser cookie or other online identifier in order to provide more
      useful and relevant advertising. It is sometimes also called "online
      behavioral advertising", "targeted advertising", "cross-context
      behavioral advertising" or "tailored advertising".
Mobile Advertising Identifiers
: Mobile advertising identifiers
      (e.g., Apple's iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) or Google's Android
      Advertising ID (AAID)) are unique IDs that are similar to cookies, but,
      instead of being stored on your web browser, are associated with
      individual mobile devices. They usually are user-resettable. Like other
      Digital Identifiers, Mobile advertising identifiers do not tell us who
      an Internet user is in the "real world", but may, when combined with
      other information, allow the identification of an individual. Mobile
      advertising identifiers are used in connection with apps on your mobile
      device as opposed to websites that you access through a browser.
Cookie Use by the Platform
Although the specific cookies employed on the ID5 Platform may change
      from time to time, this describes how and why the ID5 Platform uses
      cookies. These cookies enable our clients to recognize users and to see
      users' consent choices (including opt-out choices).
The Platform uses unique cookies to distinguish between unique web
        browsers.
The Platform uses cookies with non-unique values for server
        load-balancing and similar technical purposes.
The Platform uses non-unique cookies to store users’ opt-out choices.
Some browsers or other software may be configured to block third-party
      cookies by default.
THE ID5 PLATFORM PRIVACY STATEMENT
Last Modified: October 10, 2023
Overview
This ID5 Platform Privacy Statement (this "Privacy Statement") describes
      how ID5 collects, uses, shares and otherwise processes Platform Data. It
      describes how ID5 may enable or allow clients and third-party providers
      to use Platform Data, but otherwise does not apply to our clients' or
      other third parties' practices. If you are interested in our website
      privacy policy, please
click here
.
What information do we collect and use?
The Platform is designed to collect and use only Platform Data
          (i.e., Collected Data, Client Data, and ID5 IDs) as described in
          this Privacy Statement.
Details
.
How do we collect information?
The Platform may use cookies, pixels, tags, mobile SDKs, and similar
          technologies to collect and store Platform Data about web browsers
          and devices across websites and apps and over time.
Details
.
For what purposes do we use the collected information?
ID5 uses the information collected on the Platform to provide,
          operate, manage, maintain, and enhance the Platform and allow our
          clients to use our Platform. This means facilitating user
          identification; using information for fraud detection and the
          prevention and detection of malicious behavior and maintaining and
          enhancing our products and services (including our Platform),
          including using information for machine learning, optimization and
          statistical analysis.
Details
.
In European Jurisdictions, on what legal basis do we process
          Personal Data?
Where (i) you are a European Economic Area ("
EEA
"),
          United Kingdom or Switzerland (such countries, collectively with the
          EEA, "
European Jurisdictions
") data subject and
          (ii) ID5 is acting as a "controller" of Personal Data relating to
          you, ID5's legal basis for collecting and using such Personal
          depends on the data concerned and the specific context in which we
          collect or use it. With respect to Collected Data that is Personal
          Data in a European Jurisdiction, we generally rely on consent
          obtained for us by the operators of the Digital Properties that use
          our technology or use technology that interacts with our Platform;
          with respect to Client Data that is Personal Data, we rely on
          consent obtained by or on behalf of the particular client that
          provides it to us or our Platform.
Details
.
What information do we share with third parties?
Where permitted, we provide clients access to their Platform Data
          that they collect, acquire, or use on the Platform, and typically
          they may remove it from the Platform for their own use. ID5 may also
          provide Platform Data to our clients and service providers for the
          purpose of operating, managing, maintaining, or enhancing our
          products and services, (including our Platform), including for the
          safety and security of the Platform and the online advertising
          industry, or as required by law. ID5 does not share the information
          collected via the Platform with other third parties, unless legally
          required.
Details
.
How is the information stored and how long is it kept?
Platform Data is stored using generally accepted security standards.
          It is usually aggregated or deleted within 30-90 days, but may be
          retained in the Platform for up to 18 months from the date of
          collection before aggregation or deletion.
Details
.
What are your choices?
For European Jurisdiction data subjects, we are registered as a
            vendor with, and support, the
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
(the "
TCF Framework
"). When you visit a Digital
            Property, the TCF Framework is designed to enable Digital
            Properties - which may include our clients - to (i) choose which
            third parties they wish to allow to access your device and
            collect, use and share your Personal Data and (ii) provide dynamic
            transparency and choice to you about each of these third parties
            (e.g., an opportunity for you to consent) in connection with such
            Digital Property, depending on that third-party's use of your
            Personal Data and legal basis.
Various clients and third-party providers using our Platform may
            be accessing your device or collecting, using and sharing your
            Personal Data as independent controllers for different uses and
            based on different legal bases or as processors on behalf of other
            independent controllers.
Web browser users may opt out of the use of the Platform for
            interest-based advertising in their web browser. Mobile app users
            have access to choices provided by certain apps or in their device
            system software.
Details
.
What happens if this Privacy Statement is changed?
Please check this Privacy Statement for changes. The date of the
          last update can be found at the top of this Privacy Statement.
          Material changes will not be applied to previously collected
          Platform Data.
Details
.
Questions?
Please email us at
privacy@id5.io
.
What Information Do We Collect?
Collected Data
When you visit a Digital Property (e.g., a website) that uses our
      technology (or that uses technology that transacts with parties using
      our Platform), we collect certain information about you and your device,
      including:
Information about your browser
, including:
the type of browser
browser language
browser settings
cookie information
Information about your device
, including:
information about the device's operating system including its
            version and connection type
device make, device model
mobile advertising identifiers, such as your Apple IDFA or Google
            AAID
the IP address from which the device accesses a client's Digital
            Property
Information about the Digital Properties you visit
,
        including web pages or apps visited or used and the time those web
        pages or apps were visited or used.
Information about your Internet service
, including
        information about which Internet Service Provider (ISP) you use.
Client Data
Our clients may provide or upload to us or our Platform "Client Data",
      which typically includes a "hashed" email address ("hashing" prevents us
      from seeing the actual email address). Our clients and vendors, and our
      clients' third-party clients and vendors, may use their own tags,
      pixels, cookies, or other similar technology (or those of their other
      affiliates) within their advertisements and on certain Digital
      Properties. We are not responsible for our clients, vendors and/or our
      clients' third-party providers for their privacy practices, including
      their collection, use, and/or sharing of data and/or their use of
      technology on their Digital Properties or in their advertisements.
How Do We Collect Information?
The Platform uses cookies, pixels, tags, mobile SDKs, and similar
        technologies to collect data associated with particular web browsers
        or devices
We and the Platform also receive data from our clients and other third
        parties
How Do We Use the Information We Collect?
To provide products and services (including our Platform) to our
        clients, including in connection with ID5 IDs
To develop, maintain, and improve our products and services (including
        our Platform), including:
Conducting research and development, such as conducting machine
            learning to better optimize the efficiency of our products and
            services
Investigating, protecting against and deterring malicious
            activity, fake traffic or fraudulent, unauthorized or illegal
            activity on the Platform and on the internet
To compile statistics about the activities occurring on or through our
        Platform, including for reporting and marketing purposes
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data (Data Subjects of European
      Jurisdictions)
If (i) you are a data subject of a European Jurisdiction and (ii) we are
      acting as the controller of "Personal Data" relating to you, our legal
      basis for processing such Personal Data (see "
What Information Do We Collect?
" above) will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in
      which we collect or use it. With respect to Collected Data that is
      Personal Data of a European Jurisdiction data subject, we generally rely
      on consent obtained for us by the operators of the Digital Properties
      that use our technology or use technology that interacts with our
      Platform; with respect to Client Data that is Personal Data of a
      European Jurisdiction data subject, we rely on consent obtained by or on
      behalf of the particular client that provides it to us or our Platform.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the
      legal basis on which we process Personal Data, please contact us at
privacy@id5.io
.
How and Why Do We Share the Information We Collect?
ID5 shares Platform Data with the following third parties:
Clients and their third-party vendors
We provide ID5
        IDs to our clients and, if and as elected by our clients (including,
        if applicable, pursuant to your choices on their Digital Properties),
        our clients’ third-party vendors.
For European Jurisdiction data subjects
, our
            clients may utilize multiple controls to choose the third parties
            with whom we share your information that we collect through our
            clients' use of our Platform including:
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
(the "
TCF Framework
"):
We are registered as a vendor with, and support, the TCF
                    Framework.
When you visit a Digital Property on which the TCF
                    Framework is utilized, the TCF Framework is designed to
                    (i) allow the Digital Property to choose which third
                    parties (e.g., vendors) they wish to allow to access your
                    device and/or collect, use and share your Personal Data
                    and (ii) provide dynamic transparency and choice to you
                    about each of these vendors (e.g., an opportunity for you
                    to consent) in connection with your visit to the Digital
                    Property, depending on that third-party’s use of your data
                    and legal basis.
Platform-provided "controls" ("
Platform Controls
") with respect to about third parties operating through our
                Platform:
Our Platform provides our clients with information about
                    the other clients operating through our Platform,
                    providing transparency for disclosure purposes and
                    "allow-listing" capabilities – to create lists of approved
                    companies – to control which third parties may receive,
                    use and share your information
For users who are not European Jurisdiction data
              subjects
, we provide our clients with Platform Controls, including our
            allow-listing capabilities, to control which third parties may
            receive, use, and share your information.
Vendors
We share Platform Data with, and enable the
        collection of Platform Data by, our vendors (including data center
        providers, hosting providers, data analytics providers, and
        anti-fraud, technology and security providers), so that they can
        provide services to us, including to detect and prevent malicious
        activity or fake traffic and to provide analytics and reporting about
        our products and services. Our vendors are subject to obligations
        consistent with this Privacy Statement and appropriate confidentiality
        and security measures.
Legal Rights and Compliance with Law
We may also
        disclose Platform Data in the event that we reasonably suspect
        malicious activity or fake traffic or when we reasonably believe it is
        required by law, subpoena or other legal process, including to meet
        national security or law enforcement requirements.
ID5 Affiliates
We share Platform Data with other
        companies in the ID5 group of companies to use for any of the purposes
        described in this Privacy Statement.
Business Transfers
We may transfer Platform Data to a
        successor entity in connection with a corporate merger; consolidation;
        sale of assets, equity, or business; bankruptcy; or other corporate
        change.
How Is Platform Data Stored, and How Long Is It Kept?
Security
ID5 uses generally accepted industry security standards to protect
        information transmitted over or stored on the Platform.
We review our information collection, storage and processing
        practices, including physical security measures, to guard against
        unauthorized access to systems.
We restrict access to information to employees, contractors and agents
        who need the information in order to process it for us, and who are
        subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be
        disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Please note, however, that no transmission or storage of information
        can ever be guaranteed to be completely secure. Once we receive
        Platform Data, we will use strict procedures and security features to
        try to prevent unauthorized access. Please also be mindful that we are
        not responsible for the security measures of third parties.
Retention
We never store any information longer than we need it. Platform Data
        is usually aggregated or deleted within 30-90 days, but may be
        retained in the Platform for up to 18 months for specific clients and
        for use for security and the detection and prevention of fraud and
        invalid traffic from the date of collection before aggregation or
        deletion. When we no longer need the information we collect, it is
        deleted or aggregated.
Aggregated anonymized information is used for reporting and analysis,
        and may be stored in the Platform indefinitely.
When third-party vendors receive information through us or clients
        remove their information from the Platform, their storage and
        retention of the removed information is governed by their own privacy
        policies and applicable laws, rules, and/or regulations.
What Are Your Choices?
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
: We are
      registered as a vendor with, support, and encourage our clients to use,
      the
TCF Framework
, which is designed to provide European Jurisdiction data subjects with
      dynamic transparency into and choice about the various third parties
      used on Digital Properties on which the TCF Framework is utilized. If
      you are a European Jurisdiction data subject, the TCF Framework is
      designed to enable Digital Properties – which may include our clients –
      to (i) choose which third parties (which may include ID5) they wish to
      allow to access your device and collect, use and share your personal
      data and (ii) provide dynamic transparency and choice to you about each
      of these third parties (e.g., an opportunity for you to consent) in
      connection with such Digital Property, depending on that third-party's
      use of your Personal Data and legal basis for such usage.
ID5 Web Browser Opt Out
: If you have not already chosen to do
      so, you may visit
https://id5-sync.com/privacy
to opt out of having the Platform used to enable our clients to more
      efficiently serve you relevant ads. When you opt out, an opt-out cookie
      (from id5-sync.com) will be stored in your web browser. The Platform
      will know the choice you have made when it sees your opt-out cookie, and
      will apply your choice to all companies using the Platform. If you block
      or delete the ID5 opt-out cookie, you will cease to be opted out with
      respect to the Platform and will need to perform the opt-out process
      again.
ID5 Web Browser Opt In
: If you have previously chosen to opt
      out, but would now like to opt in, you may visit
https://id5-sync.com/privacy
to opt in to having the Platform used to enable our clients to more
      efficiently serve you relevant ads. This does not overwrite any consent
      settings you may select on a given Digital Property.
Important things to note about the ID5 web browser opt out:
Blocked cookies
The opt-out cookie may not work if
        your browser is configured to block third-party cookies.
Deleting or protecting opt outs
If you delete your
        cookies, you will need to opt out again. There are browser plugins to
        help you preserve your opt-out cookies. For more information, please
        visit
https://www.aboutads.info
.
Only this browser
The opt out only applies to the
        browser profile in which you set it. For example, if you set the opt
        out while using Firefox, but then use Chrome, the opt out will not be
        active in Chrome. To opt out in Chrome, you will need to repeat the
        opt-out process. This is because the cookies cannot be read between
        different browsers or browser profiles.
The opt out does not block or delete cookies
It also
        does not prevent the use of cookies or other technologies for purposes
        other than interest-based advertising. If you opt out, data may still
        be collected about your web browsing activities and you will still see
        advertising. Ads may be selected, for example, based on the content of
        the web page in which they are shown. If you wish to block or delete
        cookies altogether, you can use web browser settings to do so.
To access the opt outs of other online advertising companies, visit the
      consumer choice pages of such organizations, as follows:
EU
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance,
        at
youronlinechoices.com
(by clicking the "Your ad choices" link after selecting the
        appropriate country)
US
Digital Advertising Alliance, at
https://optout.aboutads.info/
Network Advertising Initiative, at
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
Mobile App Opt Out:
Mobile device system software such as Apple
      iOS or Google Play Services provide mechanisms that allow users to opt
      out of the use of information about their usage of mobile apps to
      deliver targeted ads to their mobile device. For more information, or to
      opt out using these mechanisms, consult your device settings ("Opt out
      of Interest-Based Ads" on Android devices and "Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS
      devices).
European Jurisdiction Data Subject Rights
If you are a data subject of a European Jurisdiction, you have certain
      rights and protections under the law regarding the collection,
      processing, and use of information about you. As stated above, the
      information we collect about you when you visit Digital Properties that
      use our technology may include certain identifiers that are considered
      "Personal Data" under European law.
If you are a data subject of a European Jurisdiction and certain
      requirements are fulfilled and/or under certain circumstances, you have
      the right: (i) to access and obtain a copy of your Personal Data; (ii)
      to erasure of your Personal Data; (iii) to rectification or updating of
      your Personal Data; (iv) to object to the processing of your Personal
      Data; (v) to restrict the processing of your Personal Data; and (vi) to
      data portability (i.e., to be provided with a copy of your Personal Data
      in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format, and/or to
      have such a copy provided to a third party). If you are interested in
      exercising any of these rights, you may do so via our privacy web form
      (available by
clicking here
)
      or you may email us at
privacy@id5.io
. Please note that, as
      the process we currently use to verify/authenticate and process
      "Requests to Know/Access", "Requests to Delete", "Requests to Correct",
      and "Requests for Data Portability" requires us to recognize an online
      identifier, if you submit such a "Request to Know/Access" by email, it
      generally will require more time and at least one more step than
      submitting your request via the privacy web form.
In addition, you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any
      time. If you wish to exercise such right with respect to interest-based
      advertising, you can do so through the mechanisms and methods set forth
      above under object to the processing of your Personal Data.
Our Platform is designed to collect the minimum amount of Personal Data
      about you that we believe is necessary to provide our products and
      services. Because our Platform is not designed to collect information
      that directly identifies an individual, sometimes it is not feasible for
      us to provide individuals with information that is tied to their
      identities.
Also, as a data subject of a European Jurisdiction, you have the right
      to lodge a complaint about our processing of Personal Data with a
      European Data Protection Authority, in particular the Member State of
      your residence, place of work or alleged infringement of the GDPR. For
      contact details of your relevant local Data Protection Authority, please
      click
here
.
Your Rights under Certain U.S. State General Privacy Laws
Consumer Rights
If you are a resident of a U.S. state with an effective general privacy
      law (such as California under the California Consumer Privacy Act,
      including as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (as amended,
"CCPA"
), and Virginia under the Virginia Consumer Data
      Protection Act) (each such law, a
"US State Privacy Law"
), you have some or all of the
      following rights with respect to your Personal Data, as set forth in the
      applicable US State Privacy Law:
Right to Delete
: the right to request that a
        "business"/"controller" (each, as defined by the applicable US State
        Privacy Law) delete, following your verifiable/authenticated consumer
        request, the specific pieces of Personal Data such business/controller
        has collected from you.
Right to Know/Access
: the right to request that a
        business/controller disclose to you, following your
        verifiable/authenticated consumer request, some or all of the
        following (based on your applicable US State Privacy Law):
The categories of Personal Data the business/controller has
            collected about you
The categories of sources from which the Personal Data is
            collected
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or
            (under CCPA) "sharing" Personal Data
The categories of third parties with which the business/controller
            shares Personal Data
The specific pieces of Personal Data the business/controller has
            collected about you
The categories of Personal Data about you that the
            business/controller disclosed for a business purpose
If the business/controller sells or (under CPRA) "shares" your
            Personal Data:
The categories of Personal Data that the business/controller
                sold or (under CCPA) shared about you
The categories of third parties to which your Personal Data
                was sold or (under CCPA) shared, by category or categories of
                Personal Data for each category of third parties to which the
                Personal Data was sold
The business or commercial purpose for selling or (under CCPA)
                sharing Personal Data
Right to Correct
the right to request that the
        business/controller correct any inaccurate Personal Data that it has
        collected about you
Right to Data Portability
the right to be provided
        with a copy of the Personal Data about you that the
        business/controller processes by automated means in a portable and, to
        the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you
        to transmit it to another party
Right to Opt Out
: based on the applicable US State
        Privacy Law, some or all of the following rights:
The right to direct a business /controller (as defined by the
            applicable US State Privacy Law) not to sell (as defined by the
            applicable US State Privacy Law) or (under CCPA) "share" your
            Personal Data.
The right to opt out of "targeted advertising" (as defined by the
            applicable US State Privacy Law), which is a type of
            interest-based advertising
These opt-out rights are different from the opt-outs described above
        under the header "What Are Your Choices?" and does not require us to
        cease processing your unique ID5 ID. However, we currently effect
        elections to opt out of the "sale" or "sharing" of Personal Data
        and/or to opt out of "targeted advertising" by performing our browser
        opt-out process (please see below under the header "Methods of
        Submitting Requests").
Right to Non-Discrimination
: the right not to be
        discriminated against by a business because you exercise any of your
        rights under your applicable US State Privacy Law, including by:
Denying goods or services to you
Charging you different prices or rates for goods or services,
            including through the use of discounts or other benefits or
            imposing penalties
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you
Suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for
            goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or
            services
Personal Data
To provide and operate our products and services (including our
      Platform), we utilize (i) Personal Data collected by our products and
      services on the Digital Properties (
"Collected Personal Data"
), (ii) Personal Data provided to us by or on behalf of our clients
      (
"Client Personal Data"
), and (iii) our ID5 IDs, which
      are Digital Identifiers (see table below). Even though Client Personal
      Data is provided to us, we may be considered to have "collected" such
      data under US State Privacy Laws.
We collect (and during the last 12 months have collected) the following
      categories of personal information, from the following categories of
      Personal Data, and for the following business or commercial purposes:
Categories of Personal Data
Categories of Sources
Business / Commercial Purposes
Identifiers
(such as an online identifier (e.g.,
            a cookie ID, a mobile advertising ID, or an ID5 ID) or an IP
            address)
Collected Personal Data: we collect such information from
              consumers via their visits to and/or interactions with the
              Digital Properties
Client Personal Data: we receive such information from our
              clients or partners
Collected Personal Data: we use such information to provide,
              operate, maintain, improve, and develop our products and
              services (including our Platform), including to create and
              reconcile ID5 IDs
Client Personal Information: we use such information to provide,
              operate, maintain, improve, and develop our products and
              services (including our Platform), including to create and
              reconcile ID5 IDs
Internet or other electronic network activity information
(such as browsing history, user agent or timestamp)
Collected Personal Data: we collect such information from
              consumers via their visits to and/or interactions with the
              Digital Properties
Client Personal Data: we receive such information from our
              clients or partners
Collected Personal Data: we use such information to provide,
              operate, maintain, improve, and develop our products and
              services (including our Platform), including to create and
              reconcile ID5 IDs
Client Personal Data: we use such information to provide,
              operate, maintain, improve, and develop our products and
              services (including our Platform), including to create and
              reconcile ID5 IDs
With respect to Collected Personal Data, we believe that we are a
      "controller" or "third party" (each, as defined by the applicable US
      State Privacy Law) that collects such data via consumers’ visits to
      and/or interactions with the Digital Properties. With respect to Client
      Personal Data, we believe that we are a "third party", as we collect
      such information only from our clients and do not collect it from
      consumers.
We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose sensitive Personal Data
      through our Platform, products, or services.
For information on how long we intend to retain each category of
      Personal Data, please see "How Is Platform Data Stored, and How Long Is
      It Kept? – Retention" above.
Disclosure of Personal Data
For purposes of applicable US State Privacy Laws:
"Sales"/"Sharing"
: we "sell" (as defined by the
        applicable US State Privacy Law) and/or "share" (as defined by CCPA)
        (and, during the 12 months prior to the "Last Modified" date at the
        top of this Privacy Statement, have sold and/or shared) "identifiers"
        (a category of Personal Data) that we derive from each of the above
        categories of Personal Data to our clients in connection with their
        (and their respective clients’) advertising activities, including
        cross-context behavioral advertising and targeted advertising (each,
        as defined by the applicable US State Privacy Law); however, we do not
        knowingly sell or share the Personal Data of children under the age of
        16 without required affirmative authorization; and
"Disclosures for a Business Purpose"
: we disclose
        (and have disclosed during the 12 months prior to the "Last Modified"
        date at the top of this Privacy Statement) each of the above
        categories of Personal Data for a "business purpose" (as defined by
        CCPA) to "service providers"/"processors" (each, as defined by the
        applicable US State Privacy Law) that perform certain services on our
        behalf, such as data center providers, hosting service providers, and
        data analytics providers, and anti-fraud, technology and security
        providers.
Methods of Submitting Requests
If you are a resident of a U.S. state with an effective US State Privacy
      Law, you may submit requests to exercise your "Right to Know/Access",
      your "Right to Delete", your "Right to Correct", and/or your "Right to
      Data Portability" via any of the following methods:
By web form
, available by clicking
here
By toll-free telephone
, to:
1-888-821-2911
Please note the following:
As the process we currently use to verify/authenticate and process
        "Requests to Know/Access", "Requests to Delete", "Requests to
        Correct", and "Requests for Data Portability" requires us to recognize
        an online identifier, if you submit such a "Request to Know/Access"
        via the telephone number listed above, it generally will require more
        time and at least one more step than submitting your request via the
        web form.
If you are opted out of interest-based advertising on the applicable
        web browser, we may not be able to verify/authenticate or process your
        "Request to Delete", your "Request to Know/Access", your "Request to
        Correct", or your "Request for Data Portability", since we may have no
        reasonable method of connecting your request with the Personal Data we
        previously collected about you.
If we notify you that we were unable to verify/authenticate your
        "Request to Delete", your "Request to Know/Access", your "Request to
        Correct", or your "Request for Data Portability", you may appeal our
        determination by emailing us at
privacy@id5.io
and indicating why
        you disagree with our determination (including by providing additional
        information to support your request).
Because (i) our Platform is designed to collect the minimum amount of
        Personal Data about you that we believe is necessary to provide our
        products and services and (ii) our Platform is not designed to collect
        information that directly identifies an individual, it is generally
        not feasible for us to provide individuals information that is tied to
        their identities.
If we utilize "de-identification" to comply with a "Request to Delete"
        or similar obligation with respect to Personal Data, we will maintain
        and use such data in de-identified form and will not attempt to
        re-identify such de-identified data.
If you are a resident of a U.S. state with an effective US State Privacy
      Law, you may exercise your applicable US State Privacy Law "Right(s) to
      Opt Out" via the following method(s):
By web form
, available by clicking
here
Via the "Global Privacy Control" user-enabled "universal opt-out
          mechanism"
, if such a universal opt-out mechanism is legally required as a
        method of opting out by the applicable US State Privacy Law (for more
        information regarding Global Privacy Control, please visit the Global
        Privacy Control website: https://globalprivacycontrol.org/)
Please note that we currently affect US State Privacy Law opt-out rights
      elections by performing our web browser opt-out process, which results
      in an opt-out cookie (from id5-sync.com) being stored in your web
      browser. Such elections – including through the Global Privacy Control
      user-enabled "universal opt-out mechanism" – will be processed only with
      respect to the applicable web browser. For more information about such
      opt-out, please see "What Are Your Choices? – Important things to note
      about the ID5 web browser opt out" above.
Authorized Agents
If you are a resident of a US state with an effective US State Privacy
      Law, if and as required by that US State Privacy Law, you may use an
      "authorized agent" to submit requests to exercise your "right to
      know/access", your "right to delete", your "right to correct", your
      "right to data portability", and/or your US State Privacy Law "right(s)
      to opt-out" (as applicable) on your behalf under that US State Privacy
      Law. Your authorized agent will need to provide us with a copy of a
      written permission that is signed by you and indicates that you have
      provided such authorization.
"Do Not Track"
ID5 has not yet developed a response to browser "Do Not Track" signals,
      and we do not change any of our data collection practices when we
      receive such signals. We will continue to evaluate potential responses
      to "Do Not Track" signals in light of industry developments or legal
      changes.
While we do not support "Do Not Track" signals, we do honor opt-out
      preference signals received from Global Privacy Control as the
      applicable California consumer’s election to opt out of the sale and/or
      sharing (each, as defined by CCPA) of their Personal Data, to the extent
      technically feasible.
For more information on your privacy choices, please see "What are your
      choices?" above and also above in this "Your Rights under Certain U.S.
      State General Privacy Laws" section.
Advertising Industry Self-Regulation
ID5 supports advertising industry self-regulation, and endorses best
      practices and self-regulatory requirements that apply to the advertising
      industry. To learn more about interest-based advertising and industry
      self-regulation, please visit any of the following organizations:
EU
:
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
US
:
Digital Advertising Alliance
or
Network Advertising Initiative
Global Operations and Personal Data Transfers outside the EEA
ID5 is a global company headquartered in the United Kingdom with data
      centers located in the EEA. If you are a European Jurisdiction data
      subject and access any of the Digital Properties that use our
      technology, please be aware that your Personal Data may be transferred
      to, stored and processed by us and our affiliates in our facilities in
      the EEA, the United Kingdom and other countries, and by those third
      parties with whom we may share your information.
Countries outside the EEA may not be deemed by the European Commission
      to provide an adequate level of data protection for your Personal Data
      or to have data protection or other laws as comprehensive as those in
      EEA countries. We will, however, ensure that where ID5 group companies
      receive Personal Data of EEA data subjects outside the EEA, or provide
      Personal Data to third-party service providers outside of the EEA,
      appropriate data protection safeguards are in place (such as "standard
      contractual clauses").
What Happens if this Privacy Statement is Changed?
Please check this page for changes, as we may change this Privacy
      Statement at any time. If we make changes that we believe are material,
      those changes will not be applied to information collected prior to the
      date the changes went into effect.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or our data
      protection practices, or if you would like to contact our data
      protection representative, please feel free to contact us by email to
privacy@id5.io
or by postal mail to
      the following address: ID5 Technology Ltd, 15 Bishopsgate, London EC2N
      3AR, United Kingdom.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not
      addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party
      dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
ID5 Platform Privacy Policy v3.0