Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
About Us
FAQs
Contact Us
Ts & Cs
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Welsh Language Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are
At Traveline Cymru, we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our visitors to our web site. In particular, we want you to know that Traveline Cymru is not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes. We just don’t do that sort of thing. But just in case you don’t believe us, in this Privacy Policy, we’ve provided lots of detailed information on when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
This privacy policy sets out how Traveline Cymru uses and protects any information that you give when you use this website.
Traveline Cymru is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Traveline Cymru may change this policy occasionally by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 23
rd
May 2018.
The legal base for using your data is legitimate interest and the processing is necessary to update you on changes/alerts about your saved favourites and future journeys.
Data Protection
When someone visits www.traveline.cymru we use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
We use a third-party provider, Limegreentangerine, to deliver our email newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails.
We also use a third-party provider, Spindogs, to store your account preferences and saved favourites.
We manage your personal information with great care. Your privacy is very important to us, so we want you to understand why we’re asking for each piece of information when registering with us.
Name and email address
We ask for your name so we can address you by name if you choose to sign up to our emails. We also use this to check you’re a real person (not a robot) and for security. Only you will be able to access your account, and no one else will see your name or email address.
Password
Your password helps to keep your account secure, so you can access it. Make sure to choose a password only you will know.
Telephone number
Providing your telephone number is optional. This is so we can send you information on disruptions to your favourite services by text.
Location
We ask for your location to send you relevant service and event information for your area in any email communications you sign up for.
Age and gender
This helps us see how different people are using Traveline Cymru, which helps us understand our audience in order to give you the most relevant information possible.
When will we collect information from users?
When you register an account on this website, when you sign up to receive our email newsletter, if you sign up to our online panel.
What information will we collect?
We will only collect information you choose to provide.
An email address will be required to register an account and to sign up for the newsletter.
Your name is required to register an account.
Your mobile number is optional.
How will we use the information we collect?
To send you notifications of disruptions affecting your favourite routes. You have the option to choose this or not, and if you wish to receive the information by SMS, email, or both.
To send you emails, only if you have signed up to the newsletter.
Can users correct, edit or delete their information?
You can unsubscribe from our newsletter mailing list in your emails. Once unsubscribed, we will not continue to send to this address.
Once registered with an account, you can edit your account information under the ‘Account’ tab when logged in.
You can also choose ‘Forgotten password’ to change your current password. If you wish to delete your account, please email
feedbacktraveline@tfw.wales
and we will remove you from our system.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Website Cookies
At Traveline Cymru, our services use cookies to improve performance and speed of service for our customers. For more information, please visit our
Cookie Policy page.
How long will my data be stored for?
Details you provide to create an account on our website or sign up to our newsletter will be stored until you decide to unsubscribe from our emails or delete your account.
When sending us feedback via
feedbacktraveline@tfw.wales
,
your name and email address will be removed from our system as soon as your feedback has been resolved.
How can I make a complaint?
If you wish to discuss our Privacy Policy, please email us at
feedbacktraveline@tfw.wales
.
If you believe you have received unsolicited emails from our organisation then please send your complaint to us along with a copy of the unsolicited email and we will do everything we can to ensure that this does not happen again.
We do not automatically collect any information about users of this website. We do collect information about users who choose to voluntarily communicate with us through email or via submission of our contact pages or enquiry form. We also collate general aggregate information about use of the website for statistical purposes.
Upon written request we will provide all information held about a specific user; however, proof of identity will be required before we provide that information.
If you provide information to us via our
feedbacktraveline@tfw.wales
, you will only receive a response to your reasons for contact, we will not contact you for any other reason. However, if we feel we have an offer or new service relating to your specific enquiry we may contact you again in the future. If you do not wish to be contacted in this way, and would like to unsubscribe from our database, please let us know by sending us a brief email. We will not pass your information to a third party unless otherwise requested by yourself.
We reserve the right to change the wording of this policy at any time. If we feel it is appropriate to change this policy we will notify users of this website by posting the new wording on this web page.
Last Updated: 21/05/2021