Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will be effective from Feb 2, 2017.
Introduction
GeaxGame develops and publishes social games for the web and mobile devices. "GeaxGame," or "we" or "us" refers to
Shanghai Huqu Network Technology Co.,Ltd.
This Privacy Policy applies whenever you play our games or otherwise access any of our other products, services, content, GeaxPoker.com and/or the other domains provided by GeaxGame, together referred to as "Services." This Privacy Policy describes:
what information we collect, how we collect it, and why
how we use that information and with whom we share it
how you can access and update that information
the choices you can make about how we collect, use, and share your information
how we protect the information we store about you
If you do not want GeaxGame to collect, store, use or share your information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, you may not play GeaxGame‘s games or use GeaxGame’s Services.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
Information About You That We Get From Connected Third-Party Applications, Including Social Networks (like Facebook)
If you play GeaxGame's games or access any of our other Services on connected third-party applications or connect our Services to any third-party applications, including social networks like Facebook, GeaxGame may receive certain information about you from the provider of the third-party application. The information we receive depends on the GeaxGame's game you're playing, the third-party application, your privacy settings and, if applicable, your friends' privacy settings on that third-party application.
For example, GeaxGame may collect and store some or all of the following information shared by the provider of the connected third-party application:
your first and last name;
your profile picture or its URL;
your user ID number (like your Facebook ID number), which may be linked to publicly-available information like your name and profile photo;
If you access our Services from a third-party application or connect our Services to a third-party application, you should also read that third-party application's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
If you are unclear about what information a third-party application is sharing with us, please go to the third-party application to find out more about their privacy practices.
Other Information from Your Mobile Device
If you play GeaxGame games on your mobile device, in addition to your device identifiers, we may also collect:
the name you have associated with your device;
Information About You That You Share With Us Directly
When you use our Services (whether through a social network or through GeaxGame directly), you may give us information directly (like when you're setting up your account) and we will store that on our systems and use it for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Some games or parts of our Services may use a more traditional registration or account set-up process where you may be asked to give us some or all of the following information:
your first and last names;
your e-mail address;
a password; and
other information that helps us make sure it's you accessing your account or helps us improve our services.
We may also let you create a player profile, separate from your social networking site profile (for example, your Facebook profile), that other GeaxGame players can see. Your player profile may include information like:
a profile photo;
game username(s);
The GeaxGame player ID;
Your first and last names; and
Your player profile picture.
Information About Your Contacts
We may give you the ability to import your address book contacts or manually enter them so that you can locate your contacts on GeaxGame and invite them to join you in our games or other aspects of our Services. You are responsible for getting your contacts' permission when you opt to give their contact details to us. We may also get information about you from other GeaxGame users importing or entering their contacts. We use and may store this contact information to help you and your contacts connect through our Services. If you want to remove your contacts stored by us, follow the instructions provided in the game to request that we remove them from our systems. If you need to enter a password to allow us to access your address book, we will not store that password.
Information You Generate Using Our Communications Features
Except for games designed for children under 13, you may be able to take part in certain activities on our Service that let you communicate or share information not just with GeaxGame, but also with other GeaxGame players. These include:
participating in player forums and message boards;
posting public comments to other players' profiles or gameboards;
sending private messages or invitations to other players, either directly on our websites or to their e-mail accounts;
chatting with other players; and/or
posting photos or drawings.
You acknowledge and expressly agree that we may access in real-time, record and/or store archives of these communications, comments, photos and drawings on GeaxGame's servers to make use of them to protect the safety and well-being of our players and GeaxGame's rights and property in connection with our Services; to conduct research; to operate, improve, personalize and optimize our Services and our players' experiences, including through the use of analytics; and to manage and deliver contextual advertising.
Payment Information
If you purchase a license to use in-game virtual currency or virtual items in a game you play on GeaxGame.com, our third-party payment processor will collect the billing and financial information it needs to process your charges. This may include your postal address, e-mail address and financial information. GeaxGame does not collect or store your financial information, like credit card numbers. However, GeaxGame's payment processors may share non-financial information with us related to your purchases, like your name, billing address and the items purchased in order to fulfill your order. GeaxGame may also obtain the billing and payment information that you provide when your purchase is processed by someone else (like Facebook, Apple or Google) such as when you purchase something in a game you play on a social network or that you downloaded on your mobile device. Our Terms of Service explain our policies and terms relevant to our charges, billing practices, third-party credits and virtual currencies. Please note that purchases of third party credits or currencies may also be subject to those parties' policies.
Customer Support Correspondence
Except as provided herein, when you ask for help from our Customer Support team, we will collect and store the contact information you give them (generally, your name and e-mail address), information about your game play or activity on our Services, and your GeaxGame player and/or social network ID number. We will also store the communications you have with the Customer Service team and any information in those communications in order to provide support and improve the Services. For users of our games designed for children under 13, we will use your contact information for the sole purpose of providing a one-time response to your question. We will then delete your information from our servers.
Information You Give Us For Text Messaging Services
We receive and store the information you provide, including your mobile telephone number, when you choose to sign up to receive SMS messages.
Other Sources
We may collect or receive information about you from other sources like third-party information providers. We use this information along with information you provide us directly, for example, to help you and your friends connect or to serve you advertising more tailored to your interests.
How We Use the Information We Collect
The main use of the information we collect and store is to provide a better gaming experience, but there are other uses as well. The uses for which we collect and store your information include:
to operate, improve and optimize our Services and our players' experiences;
to create your game accounts and allow you to play our games;
to identify and suggest connections with other GeaxGame players and personalize our Services to you;
to enable players to communicate with each other;
to provide technical support and respond to player inquiries;
to protect the safety and well-being of our players;
to protect GeaxGame's rights and property in connection with our Services;
to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities, and to enforce our Terms of Service;
to manage and deliver contextual and behavioral advertising;
to notify players of in-game updates, new products or promotional offers;
to administer rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by us or our business partners;
to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes we may have with you or other players, and to enforce our agreements with third parties;
One important use of your information is communication. If you have provided your e-mail address to GeaxGame, we will use it to respond to customer support inquiries, and keep you informed of your in-game activity, including comments from friends, let you know about in-game status such as "crops ready" as well as tell you about gift and neighbor requests. Some messages, like invites for friends to join you in a game, may include your name and profile photo. We may also send promotional e-mail messages and promotional SMS messages (e.g. text messages) ("Promotional Communications") directly or in partnership with other parties, in accordance with your marketing preferences. Each Promotional Communication will offer you choices about receiving additional messages. Receipt of such communications depends on GeaxGame having certain contact information from you. If you play one of our games designed for children under 13, you will not be able to provide us with certain contact information. Please see the section on Our Policies Concerning Children for more information.
How We Share Your Information
We may disclose or publish aggregated information and other non-personal information about our players for industry analysis, demographic profiling, marketing, analytics, advertising, and other business purposes.
In addition, we may share your information (which may include personal information) with third parties (in other words, parties other than GeaxGame) or allow third parties to collect this information from our Services in the following circumstances:
Your Consent
With your consent, we may share your information with third parties or allow them to collect your information from our Services in some ways not specifically described in this Privacy Policy.
Friends and Other GeaxGame Players
The Service supports and often encourages you to interact with other players. In most GeaxGame games, if you play through a social network or register through a social network (for example, Facebook Connect), your social network friends will see your name, profile photo and descriptions of your game activity. Similarly, in many GeaxGame games, other players, regardless of whether they are your social network friends or not, will be able to see descriptions of your game activity (including the identification of any GeaxGame games you have played), communicate with you within our Services, and view your game profile, which may include your name or a "game name" and your profile photo. For example, in GeaxGame Poker, any other player may see your game profile if you are playing at the same table. In certain cases, your profile photo can reveal your social network ID or GeaxGame player ID, and access to a social network ID or GeaxGame player ID may allow others to view the public information associated with your related social network profile or GeaxGame account. Other players may also be able to send you game requests or even friend requests through the related social network's or GeaxGame's communication channels.
Safety, Security and Compliance with Law
Your information, and the contents of all of your online communications in our Services and between You and GeaxGame may be accessed and monitored as needed to provide our Service and may be disclosed:
when we have a good faith belief that we have to disclose the information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, or legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant or subpoena);
to satisfy any laws or regulations that apply;
where we believe in our sole discretion that the Service is being used in committing a crime, including to report such criminal activity or to share information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection, credit risk reduction, and other security precautions;
when we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency that poses a threat to the health and/or safety of you, another person or the public generally; and
to protect the rights or property of GeaxGame and other applicable third parties, including to enforce our Terms of Service.
Third-Party Service Providers
We will share your information with third-party companies to perform services on our behalf, like processing payments, analyzing data, optimizing game play, e-mail delivery, hosting services, customer service and to help us in our marketing efforts, including managing and delivering contextual and tailored advertisements. We contractually require these third-party service providers to maintain the confidentiality of the information we share with them, and we contractually require them not use your information for anything other than to provide services on our behalf.
Sale or Merger
In the event that GeaxGame undergoes a business transition (including proposed transactions), like a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or part its assets (like selling a game), we may disclose or transfer all of your information, including personal information, to the successor organization in the transition. We will make reasonable efforts to let you and other players know (in the way described in Changes to Our Privacy Policy) of the business transition before transferring your personal information.
How to Access, Update and Manage Your Information
Information We Receive From a Third-Party Application Where You Play Our Games or From Your Mobile Device
To manage the information GeaxGame receives about you from a third-party application where you play our games, like Facebook, you will need to follow the instructions for the third-party application for updating your information and changing your privacy settings. The privacy management tools for applications on Facebook can be found
here
. To review and update information associated with your GeaxGame game profile in certain games, visit the "settings" page in that game. You also can manage some aspects of information collection and use by visiting the "settings" page of your mobile device and reviewing the permissions of each application or "app."
Once GeaxGame receives your information from a third-party application or your mobile device, that information is stored and used by GeaxGame in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You may access and update that information as described below.
Accessing and Updating Your Information Held by GeaxGame
If you want to review, delete, or change the information GeaxGame has about you or have additional questions, e-mail us at
suppo
rt@wayger.zendesk.com
Stopping Use of Your Information
If you no longer want GeaxGame to make active use of your information, you may send an e-mail to
suppo
rt@wayger.zendesk.com
. Place "Delete My Account" in the subject line and include your first name, last name, e-mail address and your social network ID for the social network from which you access our Services (if applicable) in the body of the e-mail (for example, your Facebook user ID). We will respond to your request within thirty days. Please note that certain records, for example those relating to payments or customer service matters, will be held for legal and accounting purposes. If you have sent content through or posted content on the Service, we may not be able to delete it.
Opting Out of Geolocation
If you have previously allowed us to access your geolocation data, you can stop making geolocation available to us by visiting your mobile device's settings for the relevant application or the "settings" page for the relevant game.
Opting Out of Ongoing Collection of Information About Non-GeaxGame Apps You Have On Your Device
To the extent that one of our games is collecting information about non-GeaxGame apps you have on your device, the game will provide you with an option to stop making that information available to us in the "settings" page for the relevant game.
Opting Out of Promotional Emails from GeaxGame
If you want to stop receiving promotional e-mails from GeaxGame, click on the "unsubscribe" link in any promotional email from GeaxGame or visit the e-mail preference page. Please note that once we receive your request, it may take an additional period of time for your opt-out to become effective. Your unsubscribe or e-mail preference change will be processed promptly, and in no event longer than ten business days.
Opting Out of Other Communications
You can opt out of receiving SMS messages (for example, text messages) by texting back STOP to the number we send the text from for that particular SMS message program. In some cases a preferences management page will also be available. When we receive an opt-out message from you for SMS messages, we may send a message confirming our receipt of your opt-out.
When you install our apps on your mobile device you can choose to receive push notifications, which are messages an app sends you on your mobile device even when the app is not on. You can turn off notifications by visiting your mobile device's "settings" page.
Opting Out of Cookie Tracking
You can set your web browser to warn you about attempts to place cookies on your computer or limit the type of cookies you allow. Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies and cookie management tools available in a web browser may not remove flash cookies. To learn more about and manage flash cookies you can visit the
Adobe website
and make changes at the
Global Privacy Settings Panel
.
If you disable cookies, you may lose some of the features and functionality of our Services because GeaxGame cookies are necessary to track and enhance your game activities.
Privacy Policies of Linked Third-Party Services and Advertisers
Our websites and games may contain advertisements from Third-Party Services, which are companies other than GeaxGame that may link to their own websites, online services or mobile applications. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these Third-Party Services. If you have any questions about how these Third-Party Services use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly.
Our Policies Concerning Children
Most of our websites and games are not for children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 13. Children under 13 should not use these websites or games at any time. If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personal information from a child under 13, we will take reasonable measures to promptly remove that information from our records.
GeaxGame provides education games, like Words with Friends EDU, which are intended to be enjoyed by parents, teachers, and children of all ages. GeaxGame may also provide games like Looney Tunes Dash, which are intended for users of all ages. In these games, GeaxGame does not knowingly collect personal information (as that term is defined under the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)) from users under the age of 13, except as permitted by COPPA. For example, GeaxGame may collect persistent identifiers to support the internal operations of its games. If GeaxGame learns that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information that is not subject to a COPPA exception, GeaxGame will delete such information.
How Long We Keep Your Information
How long we retain your information depends on why we collected it and how we use it. We will not retain your personal information for longer than is necessary for our business purposes or for legal requirements. For instance, we may retain some information for a few years after you have closed your account with us if this is necessary to meet our legal obligations or to exercise, defend or establish legal rights.
Security of Your Information
We implement security measures to help protect the security of your information both online and offline. We take steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. These measures vary based upon the sensitivity of your information.
If you have an account registered directly with GeaxGame, your profile information is protected by the password you use to access your GeaxGame account. It is important that you protect and maintain your GeaxGame account's security and that you immediately tell us of any unauthorized use of your account. If you forget the password to your GeaxGame account, the Service allows you to request that instructions be sent to you that explain how to reset your password. If you access our Services through a social network and your social network account is hacked, this may lead to someone playing your GeaxGame games without your permission. So, be careful to keep your social network account information, including your social network account password, secure as well. We urge you to log out of your GeaxGame account and any social network account you have used to access our Services after you use it.
When you sign into your GeaxGame account or enter payment information, we or our third party payment processor use encryption to transmit that information.
While we take precautions against possible security breaches of our Services and our customer databases and records, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure. We cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur, and we cannot guarantee the security of your information while it is being transmitted to our Service. Any transmission is at your own risk. If you have questions about the security of our websites, please contact us at
suppo
rt@wayger.zendesk.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager02.html:
Accessibility
Home
Support
Documentation
Flash Player Documentation
Flash Player Help
Settings Manager
Global Privacy Settings panel
Global Storage Settings panel
Global Security Settings panel
Website Privacy Settings panel
Website Storage Settings panel
Protected Content Playback Settings panel
Peer-Assisted Networking Panel
Table of Contents
Flash Player Help
Display settings
Privacy settings
Local storage settings
Microphone settings
Camera settings
Local storage pop-up question
Privacy pop-up question
Security pop-up question
Peer-assisted networking pop-up question
Global Privacy Settings panel
This content requires Flash
Download the free Flash Player now!
Note:
The Settings Manager that you see above is not an image; it is the actual Settings Manager. Click the tabs to see different panels, and click the options in the panels to change your Adobe Flash Player settings.
Use this panel to reset the privacy settings in  Flash Player:
If you select Always Deny and then confirm your selection, any website that tries to use your camera or microphone will be denied access. You will not be asked again if a website can use your camera or microphone. This action applies both to websites you have already visited and to those you haven't yet visited.
If you select Always Ask and then confirm your selection, any website that tries to use your camera or microphone must ask your permission. This action applies both to websites you have already visited and to those you haven't yet visited.
If you previously selected Remember in the
Privacy Settings
panel to permanently allow or deny access for one or more websites, selecting Always Ask or Always Deny has the effect of deselecting Remember for all those websites. In other words, the selection you make here overrides any previous selections you may have made in the
Privacy Settings
panel.
After you select either Always Ask or Always Deny (or instead of doing so), you can specify privacy settings for individual websites that you have already visited. For example, you might select Always Deny here and then use the
Website Privacy Settings Panel
and select Always Allow for individual websites that you know and trust.
For an overview of issues relating to privacy, see
What are privacy settings?
in the discussion of the Settings Manager.