Privacy Policy
April 26, 2018
12:07 pm
[prisna-google-website-translator]
Please note,
translations are for reference purposes only
and not a legally definitive translation of the original English texts. In the event a difference arises regarding the meaning herein, the
original English version
shall prevail as the official authoritative version.
This privacy policy applies to the information M2H B.V.(hereinafter referred to as “M2H” or “We”) collects about you when you register with us for our products, use the M2H websites, videogames, mobile applications, online store or other services (“Services”). “you” and “your” mean the user of our Services. In this policy, we want to be clear about the collection of your information.
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Services. Your continued use of the Services will signify your acceptance of these changes.
1. Collection of information
When using our Services some personal information about you is collected to provide a service you’ve requested or authorized: what information is collected depends on the product or service. Example of the information we collect:
Websites: Cookies
Our websites uses Cookies by Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). The information generated by the Cookies about your use of the Website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. We engage Google to do this in order to evaluate your use of the Website and compile reports on Website activity for us. We use this information to improve this and other websites.
For more information on the Cookies set by Google Analytics, including information on how to opt out, please visit
http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html
. For more information on Cookies in general, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
. You can block other advertising networks by visiting
http://www.youronlinechoices.com
if you are in Europe or
http://www.aboutads.info/
in US and Canada. To opt out of Google ads, visit
http://google.com/ads/preferences/
.
Websites: Other
On some of our websites we have user registration forms. We may ask for your email address, your IP address and your self-chosen username and password. Extra information such as address, VAT, Company name might be needed to process payments.
Newsletters and competitions
For subscribing to a newsletter or when entering a giveaway/competition we may ask you for your personal information (Email address, full name). In the case of physical prizes, we may also need your (shipping) address.
NDA agreements
When we have a closed alpha/beta test of game, or any similar private activity, we may need you to sign a Non Disclosure Agreement contract. To make a legally binding contract possible, your full name and address will be required.
Games
Our games can transmit the following information:
Diagnostic information (Including, but not limited to: Performance, System information such as operating system, resolution, crash dumps, log files, connection information, driver versions), user identification (Including, but not limited to: A platform ID such as a Steam User ID, Computer Name, IP address) information on the usage of the Service(Including, but not limited to: Screenshots, Chat logs and behavior on the service)
2. Purpose of the Collection
The purpose of the collection is to ensure safety, to analyse usage, improve and provide our services and to intervene in abuses. For example: an IP address is used to be able to identify and ban users in case of abuse and your e-mail address is used for identification and when you forget your password.
3. Sharing of Information
M2H does not rent or sell your information to third parties for marketing or financial purposes. We can work with third parties to make your experience better, but our privacy policy doesn’t and can’t apply to those parties. We’re can not fully guarantee that other companies adhere to the same practices as us, so please be sure to read their policies and terms before sharing info with them.
4. Security
To protect your personal data, M2H takes appropriate technical and organizational measures. For example: our servers are automatically updated against security threats and different services/games run on our own servers. We also use encryption and hashing for certain info we collect.
While we do our best to secure your data please note that no server or data transmission is fully secure. We can not guarantee the security of the data transmitted. By using our Services you are acknowledging that you are possibly sending your personal info at own risk.
5. Children
Children under the age of sixteen should not register without the permission of a parent or guardian. By accepting this Privacy policy, you guarantee us that you are older than sixteen or that a parent/guardian gave you the permission to register.
6. Contact Us
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by the laws of The Netherlands and submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in The Netherlands.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy policy or its implementation, you may contact us:
privacy@M2H.nl
.
When you wish to adjust, correct, remove or hide your personal information, you may send us an e-mail:
privacy@M2H.nl
.
7. Changes of this privacy policy
We reserve the right to make changes in this Privacy Policy, so please check back from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes. If there are significant changes in the way we collect or use your information, you’ll be notified prior to the implementation of the changes.
8. Miscellaneous
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by the laws of the Netherlands and submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in the Netherlands.
M2H B.V.
The Netherlands
Chamber of Commerce: 66055210
Related links:
https://www.M2H.nl/privacy
(This page)
https://www.M2H.nl/TOS
Print this page
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services