Phoenix HD Privacy and Usage Policy
On this page, the use of 'you' and 'your' refers to you, a
      player of Phoenix HD. The use of 'we' and 'our' refers to us,
      Firi Games.
This page details the privacy policy of Phoenix HD and provides
      information on what data is collected by our game. By playing
      Phoenix HD, you accept this privacy policy. This page can be
      updated to reflect changes to the policy. Significant updates are
      listed below:
Updates
May 20th, 2017: Updated information about the use of email
	addresses from Firi Accounts.
Also on this page is a monetization license that you can use if
      you use any Phoenix HD recordings or screenshots on services
      that require them, such as Youtube.
If you have any questions about any of this, or if you have a
      different Phoenix HD question, then please get in touch with us
      at
phoenixhd@firigames.com
!
Third Party Services and Advertisements
Phoenix HD does not contain any third party services ('SDKs')
    that could track your behavior such as analytics. Actually,
    Phoenix HD contains no third party SDKs whatsoever. Phoenix HD
    also does not show any advertisements. And we do not share any of
    your personal data with third parties.
Location-Based Leaderboards
Phoenix HD is a highscore based game, so providing an awesome
    leaderboard experience is important. We do this by grouping our
    players in leaderboards for every city, country and continent they
    play Phoenix HD in. After each game, your score is uploaded to our
    serving infrastructure. The score contains your score (obviously)
    and several statistics related to your performance in that game.
To determine the right leaderboards to put the score in, Phoenix
      HD requires your location. Your location is determined through
      either one of two ways.
First, we ask your permission to use Location Services. If
      given, we use those services to determine your location and try
      to determine the city you are located in from that
      location. When found, we put your score in the leaderboard for
      that city and the leaderboards for all larger areas that
      contain that city (province/state, country, continent, etc).
Otherwise, if location services are not available, we use an
      approximation of your location based on your IP address and
      determine the leaderboards from that. This approximation is
      provided by our serving infrastructure. The location determined
      in this way is the same for all players in that region and
      generally (very) inaccurate. Often we cannot find the correct
      city in this way, but most of the time we succeed in finding the
      right country leaderboard to put your score in.
Your determined location (either from Location Services or
      IP-based) is stored together with your score, so we can provide
      you with a cool map with all your scores on it in the
      game. These locations are never visible to other players. Only
      your game score, your nick name and your rank are visible to
      other players in the leaderboards of the places you have played
      in.
Other Personal Data
When you start Phoenix HD, we log you in to the game
      automatically. Logging in retrieves your current amount of
      coins, the places where you have set scores, and any available
      test flights. As part of this login process we send your device
      type, your device's iOS version and what Phoenix HD version you
      use to our serving infrastucture. This data is used by us to get
      aggregate statistics on what devices & iOS versions our players
      use. We also use it if you contact us with a problem so we can
      help you faster.
If you like Phoenix HD, and decide to purchase one of our cool
      ships, then as part of the purchase process a receipt is
      uploaded to our serving infrastructure. We verify this receipt
      and store it together with your other data. We then unlock this
      ship for you.
Again, your personal data is never shared with third parties.
Firi Account Privacy Policy
Phoenix HD has the ability to link your current game progress to
      a Firi Account. Registering an account in this way enables you
      to restore your game progress on a new or different device and
      play from there. You can also use your Firi Account for other
      games by Firi Games.
To register a Firi Account, you provide a username and a
      password. Your username must be an email address. We require
      this because an email address is unique, easy to remember, and
      it allows us to reset your password if you request us to do
      so. Your password is stored in a hashed representation using
      PBKDF2.
We might use a non-reversible representation of your email
      address to improve the targeting of advertisements of our
      games. We might also send you an email if we make a cool new
      game that we think you will like.
Data Storage Location
All your data related to Phoenix HD and Firi Accounts is stored
      in the United States through services provided by Google Cloud
      Platform.
Phoenix HD Content Monetization License
Phoenix HD gives you the option to record gameplay or take
    screenshots (both options are available through the pause
    menu). Hereby we give you the permission to use these videos or
    screenshots on a video broadcasting service and monetize that
    content. You can also stream our game if you get it working
    somehow. If required, link to this page if you need to provide
    this license. And be so kind to let us know if you put up a video
    somewhere, we love to watch it!