This hyperlink will bring to you to another website on the Internet, which is published and
                        operated by a third party which is not owned, controlled or affiliated with or in any way
                        related to Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited or any member of Standard Chartered Group
                        ( the "Bank").
The hyperlink is provided for your convenience and presented for information purposes only. The
                        provision of the hyperlink does not constitute endorsement, recommendation, approval, warranty
                        or representation, express or implied, by the Bank of any third party or the hypertext link,
                        product, service or information contained or available therein.
The Bank does not have any control (editorial or otherwise) over the linked third party website
                        and is not in any way responsible for the contents available therein. You use or follow this
                        link at your own risk. To the extent permissible by law, the Bank shall not be responsible for
                        any damage or losses incurred or suffered by you arising out of or in connection with your use
                        of the link.
Please be mindful that when you click on the link and open a new window in your browser, you will
                        be subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of the third party website that you are
                        going to visit.
Proceed to third party website
Privacy Notice
Banking
Visitors & Others
Recruitment
Vendors
BACK TO TOP
Please be aware of bogus phone call, fraudulent SMS messages, phishing websites, email, and mobile app purportedly from banks. Should you have any suspicion, please contact our staff at 2886-8868 (press 2-6-0) or report to Police immediately. Please
click here
for more information.
To enhance your experience, we use cookies and similar technologies. This enables us to optimise site functionality and to personalise your visit by remembering your choices, such as your preferred language, and by providing tailored ads in our own and third parties' online media. By continuing your visit on this website, you accept the use of cookies and similar technologies. For more details and information on how to manage your cookie settings, please read our
Cookie Policy.
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
To create the best and most relevant experience for you, these cookies help us analyse and understand what areas need to be improved and refined.
Always Active
Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.
Always Active
To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.
Always Active
For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label