Privacy Policy
1. Controller
Cardu Global Oy
Y-tunnus: 2303055-2
Merikoskenkatu 7 B 52, 90500 Oulu, Finland
Joint controller in Ireland responsible for the data of its own customers in Cardu
Betterswitch Ltd
Registered no. 672889
Unit 4 2RDC DKIT, Dundalk, Co Louth, Ireland
2. Contact person for register matters
Jukka Kilponen
jukka.kilponen(at)cardu.com
3. Name of the registry
Cardu User Register
4. Purpose of processing personal data
Personal information is processed to provide front and membership cards in Cardu.
5. Content of the register
User name, email, phone number
Technical information such as installed Cardu application version and phone type
User cards and data entered on the card and information stored on the card when the card is distributed
Details of coupons, stamps and the like
With the user’s permission, location information to display local content
Messages sent to the user via the service
6. Regular sources of information
The information is provided by the registered user and the organizations providing the front and membership cards in connection with the distribution and maintenance of the cards. Some of the data content in the registry accumulates using the Cardu application.
7. Disclosure and Transfer of Information
The personal and card-specific information on the person in the register is provided to the organization providing the card.
8. Registry protection
The information contained in the registry is protected by firewalls, passwords and other generally accepted technical means in the security industry.
There is no manual material in the register.
Only the registered controller and the employees of the companies acting on behalf of and on behalf of the controller have access to the information contained in the register with the access rights granted by the controller.
dentified representatives of member and front-card organizations in Cardu have access to user card usage and user information for the organization.
9. Inspection, Prohibition, Correction and Deletion
The data subject has the right under the Personal Data Act to check what information about him has been stored in the register. At the request of the data subject, we make the necessary corrections and additions to the personal data, or we remove erroneous, unnecessary, incomplete or outdated information for the purpose of the processing. The data subject may also request removing all personal data stored in the register. The request is made by sending email to support@cardu.com.
The data subject shall have the right to prohibit the processing and disclosure of information concerning him / her for direct marketing, distance selling and other direct marketing and market and opinion surveys.
Benefits on Cardu. Not on card.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to use the site, you agree to cookie usage.
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities...
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.