contact
about
support
apps
home
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to our websites, apps and
other related products developed and published by 22LEARN Toddler And Baby Learning Games, LLC, Terasoft, a.s.
and CFC s.r.o.
Our Privacy Policy is in addition to any terms,
conditions or policies agreed to between you and the store when you purchased
and/or downloaded our apps. We are not responsible for the store's collection
or use of your user data and information.
I. Collection of Information
1. We respect and value your privacy. We do not
collect personally identifiable information about users of our applications or
websites (your name, address, phone number, email address, precise geographic
location etc.). We do not require you to provide any personal information when
using our applications.
2. Our websites and applications do not use cookies
II. Children's Online Privacy Policy
1. Our website and mobile applications comply with the
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). We do not knowingly contact
or collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe we have
inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly
obtain parental consent or remove the information.
III. Customer Support
1. If you contact us with a question about our applications
or with a support question, we may receive your email address or other
information you provide. We use this information only to answer your questions
or provide support to you. We may share your support information with our
support providers, but only for the purpose of providing support to you and in
compliance with this Privacy Policy.
IV. Other Information
1. Some of our apps may contain in-app purchases. Some
apps have external links to the store where you purchased the app to help you
to find more about our other apps or to our website.
2. Sometimes we provide links to third-party web sites
from our website (not from our applications). We are not responsible for their
privacy policy or their content.
V. GDPR Compliance
1. We collect your personal data only if you contact
us (for support or any other reasons). Our apps or websites do not collect any
personal data).
2. 22LEARN Toddler And Baby Learning Games, LLC is the sole data controller. You have
the right to request access to the information we have to you. You can also request
changes, deletions and corrections. You can do this by contacting us at
info@22learn.com
. To comply with your
request, we may ask you to verify your identity.
VI. Information Sharing and Disclosure
1. We also may make identifiable and anonymous
information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (a) with
your express consent, (b) when required by law (c) at the request of
governmental authorities.
This privacy policy was last updated on April 18, 2018.
Our privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any changes to our
policies, we will place a notice on our website or applications.
If you have any questions or concerns about our
privacy policies, please contact us at:
22LEARN Toddler And Baby Learning Games, LLC
1555 Gloria Way
Minden, NV 89423
USA
e-mail: info@22learn.com