Privacy Summary
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Help Center
Privacy Policy
Summary
Truecaller is a privacy and security focused service. Pursuant to our mission to build trust in
communication, we are committed to being transparent and compliant with the laws of the countries we operate in.
In line with standard practices that global technology companies operating across multiple jurisdictions follow, Truecaller too keeps local
nuances like local data protection regimes, specific requirements set out by regulators in the jurisdictions, user preferences, and cultural
and economic considerations while framing our privacy policy and terms of service. This enables us to respond to local requirements in
an agile manner and in compliance with the relevant jurisdiction.
Each user is able to restrict processing of their data, to disable any of the optional permissions, to download an entire copy of their data or to permanently unlist themselves.
The rights and interests of our users are a priority to us, and hence we provide largely identical rights to all our users across geographies barring some specific rights or requirements in a specific jurisdiction.
To review the privacy policy that apply to you, please select your country of residence based on the international dialling code applicable to the phone number, or third party service, used to create your Truecaller account
Rest of the world
EU, EEA, UK & Switzerland
Nigeria
California, USA
South Africa
Brazil
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.truecaller.com/privacy/our-privacy-policy/privacy-summary:
This website uses cookies
When you visit our website, we use necessary cookies to make our site work. If you give your consent, we will set analytics cookies that help us make improvements by measuring how you use the site and cookies by our social media and advertising partners to assist in our marketing efforts.
For more detailed information about the cookies we use, see our
🍪 Cookie Policy
Edit Cookie Settings
Accept Necessary Cookies
Accept All Cookies
Android app
iPhone app
NEW
Premium
Business
Scam Alert
NEW
Sign in
Sign in
Download
Download
Privacy Summary
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Help Center
Privacy Summary
At Truecaller, we value your privacy and want you to understand how we process your data. Here’s a quick overview of the types of information we collect and how it’s used.
Please note that some features, and therefore the related processing activities may vary depending on your operating system. For example, calling and messaging features are only available on Android.
This is a brief summary for convenience. For full details, please refer to our
Privacy Policy
.
What data we process
Depending on the features you use, we may process the following data:
Profile information
– Includes your name and phone number for account setup and verification.
Contact information
– We request access to your contact list to display the saved names of your contacts when they call you, and to identify numbers not included in your contacts using Truecaller’s database.
User feedback
-  Includes reports, feedback, survey responses and comments you provide to us.
Call data
– Includes call logs and call data for incoming and outgoing calls, such as phone numbers, duration and timestamps.
Message data
– Includes SMS metadata, such as message IDs, timestamps, and media types included in a message. SMS content is only processed on your phone and not uploaded to Truecaller.
Support data
– Includes app usage data and information shared when communicating with our support team.
Device information
– Includes device type, IP address, general location (e.g., country/state), and information about installed apps.
Usage data
– Includes data on how you use and interact with the app, and crash logs.
The data we process depends on the features you use. Some optional features may require additional permissions or data, such as location, camera, files, photos, or microphone, as informed before use. You may also choose to share additional information with us.
Why we process your data
We process data for the following purposes when you use the Truecaller app:
Profile creation and verification
– To create your account and verify your phone number. Your profile name is visible when others search for your number, while any additional profile details you choose to add remain hidden by default, and search frequency is limited to protect your privacy.
Caller identification
– To identify unknown numbers for calls and messages and display caller names.
Spam detection and blocking
– To enhance caller identification and detect spam and fraud.
Calling
– To enable making and receiving calls in the app.
Messaging
– To enable messaging, spam blocking and message categorisation.
Managing contacts
– To allow you to manage your contact list directly in the app, such as marking favorites or editing names.
Additional services and features
- To provide other services such as Assistant and Call Recording.
Customer support
– To assist you when you contact us for help.
Personalising services and ads
– To tailor your app experience, including relevant ads, based on how you use Truecaller
.
App improvement and analytics
– To analyse usage patterns, improve performance, and enhance features.
Protecting our services
- To detect, prevent, and address security risks, fraud, or misuse of our services.
Compliance with laws
– To meet our legal obligations, enforce our terms, and respond to legal requests.
Privacy settings
Your privacy is in your hands. You can update profile details, control profile visibility, withdraw permissions, or deactivate your account in the Privacy Center. If you want to unlist your number from our search database, you can do so
here
.