Park
Drivers
Drivers
Solutions
Why PayByPhone
How it works
Locations
Map
Our locations
Stories
Park now
My account
My receipts
Download the app
Fleets

Fleets
How it works
Stories
Register now
Portal access
Request a brochure
Help Center
Parking Operators

Parking operators
Solutions
Cashless parking
Rights & Rates
Validations
Parking Coupons
Locations
Map
City Page
Stories
Book a Demo
About us

About us
Our purpose and values
Press
Careers
Meet the team
Stories
Contact us
Support

UK | Change country or language


Language & Region
Select your language:
EN
FR
Select another region:
Switzerland
France
United Kingdom
Germany
Select your country
Switzerland
France
United Kingdom
Germany
Drivers
Drivers
Why PayByPhone
How it works
Map

Our Locations
Case studies

Current Campaigns

Blog

Park now
My account
My receipts
Support
Fleets
Fleets
How it works
Case studies

Testimonials

Product blog

Register now
Request a brochure
Portal access
Help Center
Parking Operators
Parking operators
Cashless Parking
Rights & Rates
Validations
Parking Coupons
Map

Map

Our Locations
Case studies

Blog

Product blog

Book a demo
About us
About us
Our purpose and values
Press
Stories
Careers
Meet the team
Contact us
Support
NA
|
en
FR
-->
Privacy policy
Deutsch
English (U.S.)
Français
Introduction
SPECIAL NOTICE REGARDING CHILDREN
Table of Contents
1. Definitions
2. Who processes your information?
Country Specific Disclosure
3. What information is processed?
4. Why is your information processed?
5. How is your information processed?
6. With whom is your information shared?
7. Where is your information transferred?
8. How is your information kept safe?
9. How long is your information retained?
10. What rights do you have with regards to your information?
11. Third Party Providers (App store; links to other websites; used services)
12. Changes to this policy
13. Contact
Authority
Footer
Introduction
Introduction
SPECIAL NOTICE REGARDING CHILDREN
Table of Contents
1. Definitions
2. Who processes your information?
Country Specific Disclosure
3. What information is processed?
4. Why is your information processed?
5. How is your information processed?
6. With whom is your information shared?
7. Where is your information transferred?
8. How is your information kept safe?
9. How long is your information retained?
10. What rights do you have with regards to your information?
11. Third Party Providers (App store; links to other websites; used services)
12. Changes to this policy
13. Contact
Authority
Footer
PayByPhone is committed to respecting your privacy and complying with all applicable data protection and privacy laws. In this Privacy Policy, we describe how we collect, use, share and protect your Personal Data.
As part of our commitment to you, we ensure that your Personal Data is accurate, confidential, and secure and allow you to access, correct, or erase your Personal Data. Please note that in order to offer our Services, we transfer your Personal Data to Canada and to certain service providers which may be located in other countries.
When you create an Account with us or use our Services, are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy and the
Terms and Conditions
. Each time you use your Account or our Services, or provide us with information, the current version of this Privacy Policy and the
Terms and Conditions
govern the processing of your Personal Data.
If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy or the
Terms and Conditions
, please refrain from creating an Account or using our Services.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at the address listed  below in the Contact Section.
The definitions, for example for our Services, our Affiliates and more, are listed below.
Special Notice Regarding Children
Our Services are not directed to people under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16. If you become aware that a child has provided us with Personal Data without the proper consent, please contact the relevant Data Protection Officer at the address listed below and we will take steps to remove such information and terminate the account, as necessary.
Definitions
Who processes your information?
What information is processed?
Why is your information processed?
How is your information processed?
With whom is your information shared?
Where is your information transferred?
How is your information kept safe?
How long is your information retained?
What rights do you have with regards to your information?
App store; links to other websites; used services
Changes to this policy
Contacts
Account
- The PayByPhone parking service account opened by you in the App, on the Site or by calling our Customer Support Centers.
Anonymized Data
- Anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information, on a de-identified basis (such as anonymous location information, enrollment numbers, demographic group information, etc.), in a form that does not enable the identification of a specific user.
ANPR
– The automatic number plate recognition feature which (1) identifies an opted-in vehicle, prior to payment, as authorized to park at the participating parking facilities and allows access to the parking facilities without having to perform any action normally required to remove a barrier to entry and (2) automatically records the time of entry and exit from the participating parking facility, calculates the length of stay and the cost of the Parking Session for the purposes of initiating payment.
App
- The PayByPhone mobile parking payment application and other applications that we may develop.
Autopass
– The service from PayByPhone that you opt your vehicle or vehicles in using the App, the Site or our Customer Support Center which allows you to automatically pay for parking at participating parking facility operators that support ANPR.
Cookies
- The small data files on your computer or other device which consist of cookies, pixel tags, e-tags, “flash cookies”, or other local storage provided by your browser or associated applications.
Data Protection Officer
– The individual designated as responsible for ensuring that PayByPhone complies with this Privacy Policy and applicable privacy laws, and is listed in the Contacts section below.
Facilities Operator
– The operator of a parking facility offering the option to pay for parking with the PayByPhone service.
Parking Penalties
– Parking fines, violation notices, tickets, citations, or penalties; your vehicle being wheel booted, your car being towed, or impounded; and other enforcement of vehicle parking requirements.
Parking Session
– The parking service you obtain from a Facilities Operator within the Transaction.  Details of a parking session can include location, license plate, start parking session time, end parking session time and are usually linked to a payment.
Payment Information
– Information of any type necessary to process payments by credit cards, debit cards, digital wallets, in-app and web purchases and any other payment method accepted by PayByPhone now or in the future in connection with any Transaction.
Personal Data
– Information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person; an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier. Note that not all personal information that is shared with PayByPhone is considered Personal Data.
Services
- All services offered by PayByPhone, including those that allow you to pay for a Parking Session at participating parking clients, including Autopass, pursuant to the
Terms and Conditions
, by using our App, Sites, Application Programming Interfaces, backend technologies, products, services, content, features, functions, applications, IVR System, PayByPhone Portal, PayByPhone Business Portal, and any future updates, changes or additions thereto.
Site
- All PayByPhone operated websites including https://www.paybyphone.com, https://www.paybyphone.fr, https://www.paybyphone.co.uk, https://www.paybyphone.ch, https://paybyphone.de, https://www.pbp.it/,  as well as any successors to such sites.
Terms and Conditions
– Our
Terms and Conditions
which are accepted and agreed to by you when you open an Account or use the Services and which govern your use of the App and Services.
Transactions
– Any time you start, pay for, complete, or make a parking session transaction using our App or Services.
Your contract and Account may be with PayByPhone Technologies Inc. or one of its subsidiaries, including without limitation
PayByPhone US Inc. (United States),
PayByPhone Limited (United Kingdom),
PayByPhone SAS (France, Monaco),
PayByPhone Deutschland GmbH (Germany),
PayByPhone Suisse AG (Switzerland), or
PayByPhone Italia S.r.l. (Italy).
Collectively, all of these entities are referred to here as "PayByPhone", “PbP,” “we,” “our,” or “us”, unless otherwise mentioned with its full legal name. The applicable contract party depends on the country from which you open your Account and in which you conduct your Parking Sessions, as set out in the
Terms and Conditions
in greater detail.
Your PayByPhone contract party and PayByPhone Technologies Inc., incorporated in Canada, are jointly responsible for the processing of your Personal Data, including in the context of the registration for and general use of the Services, product and system development including ensuring IT security, and for advertising and marketing purposes. The controllers have agreed among themselves who will fulfill specific obligations with respect to the data processing and shall work closely together. In particular, they will provide each other with the information necessary to fulfill their respective obligations and to enable the exercise of data subject rights.
You will have statutory protection in the applicable territories and this Privacy Policy is without prejudice to those statutory rights.
PayByPhone is committed to complying with all applicable privacy laws (“Data Protection Laws”), including without limitation the Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), the European General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”),the UK General Data Protection Regulation (“UK GDPR”), the Data Protection (Jersey) Law 2018 (“DPJL”), the Swiss New Federal Act on Data Protection (“nFADP”), and U.S. State Data Privacy Laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
Facilities Operators for the locations where you park process parts of your Personal Data which relate to the Parking Sessions at their parking facilities and which, among other things, enable them to effect parking validation, enforcement and fines.
For individuals in the United States or Germany, please refer to the following additional information.
Additional US-State-Specific Privacy Disclosures
For individuals in the United States, please refer to our
U.S. State Data Privacy Notice
for additional information about the processing of your personal data, and your rights under applicable U.S. State data privacy laws.
Germany Specific Disclosures
In Germany, with a large number of Facilities Operator, we have a processing of personal data agreement under joint responsibility in accordance with Art. 26 of GDPR. You can find a detailed list of  Facilities Operators
here
.
Jersey Specific Disclosures
If you are a resident in Jersey and use our services in Jersey, please refer also to our Jersey specific policy.
For information on additional processors of your Personal Data, see in the Section "With whom is your information shared" below.
We only collect and process Personal Data that is required to create an Account and to offer the Services you request and to communicate with you.
You and anyone you authorize to use your Account provide some of this information directly when you create an Account, use a Service or contact us for support, including:
●      Mobile phone number
●      Email address
●      Vehicle license plate
●      Billing information (such as credit card and debit card numbers and expiry dates) (NOTE: We do not store CVV/CVV2 security numbers on our servers.)
●      Password
●      Transaction data (such as Parking Session date, time, duration, zone number and amount paid)
●      Customer support issue details
In some cases, for example when you permit another party, such as your employer, to pay for parking sessions on your Account through linking your Account to theirs and adding their payment method to your Account, we might ask you or the owner of the payment method to provide your:
●      Profession
●      Professional affiliations membership
●      Work email address
●      Unique username
●      Work mobile phone number
●      Job Title
●      Department
●      Office Name
●      Employee Cost centre
You may also give us additional information when you choose to open your Account using information from third party services you already have, including:
●      Your device settings and credentials
●      Credentials from a third-party app or platform (e.g. Apple, Google, Meta)
You may also choose to give us additional information to obtain a Service or receive communications from us including:
●      Name
●      Physical address
●      Postal code/zip code
●      Location
●      Type of vehicle (including an image)
●      Communication preferences
●      Any information related to your voluntary participation in our contests, promotions, and research, including demographic or occupation information that you choose to provide.
You may stop providing us this additional information at any time by adjusting your Account settings in the App, on the Site or by contacting us.
We also collect other data indirectly when our software interacts with your device and when we use technologies like cookies and error messages. This may include:
●      IP address and information about the device you use to access the Services
●      Traffic and Activity data
●      Media Access Control (MAC) address
●      Operating system name and version
●      Device manufacturer and model
●      Your language preferences
●      Type and version of your Internet browser
●      Name and version of the App you use
●      App and Site traffic data
●      Landing and exit page details
●      Details of your session between pages of the Site to provide a continuity of experience
●      Details of your session between launch of the app and booking to provide a continuity of experience
●      Details of when you install and uninstall the App
Please see our
Cookies Policy
for more information on the use of cookies and adjust your Cookie Settings.
We also sometimes obtain data about you from third parties (including parking operators, payment facilitators, parking enforcement agencies and hardware/software manufacturers). For example:
When you register a credit card or debit card with us to use the Service, we will use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information matches other information that you supply to us, and that the card has not been reported as lost or stolen.
When you opt into Autopass (available in some countries), a Service that allows you to automatically pay for parking at facilities that support automatic number plate recognition, we will obtain from the parking operator the time of the vehicle entry and exit from the parking facility and we may receive a photograph of the vehicle taken at that time.
We may also add publicly available information to your account, such as information about your vehicle type obtained from public records (for example, information held by the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) in the UK). This additional information helps us improve our services and provide a more tailored experience.
We process your information so that we can offer you our Services and to communicate with you.
Our Services
When we process your Personal Data in relation to our Services (including, without limitation, for customer service, security messages, processing payments, sending receipts and reminders of parking session expiry) and our related internal purposes (including administration, risk management, compliance, product development, research, debt collection, financial audit, security and record keeping,) we rely on the lawful basis of having a contractual relationship with you. It is a condition of us offering the Services to you that you provide us with such personal data as is required for us to enter into and fulfill a contract with you for the Services you select and for us to comply with our legal obligations in order to provide such Services. Without this data, we will not be able to fulfill our obligations under a contract with you and have to refuse to enter into the contract or terminate an existing contract.
Consent
When we process your information to communicate with you (including about our own and our affiliate offers & promotions, offers & promotions by third parties, events occurring in localities where you recently parked, targeted advertising and marketing of services, and personalized advertisements based on your vehicle information), we rely on the lawful basis of consent to process your Personal Data and we are committed to obtaining that consent in a legitimate way.
You can provide your consent in the App, on the Site or verbally to our authorized representatives. You will be asked specifically if you would like to opt-in to each of these communications and you can choose whether to receive some, all, or none of these communications.
Unless the type of use is necessary for us to provide the Services, you will have the right to revoke your consent to such use at any time (more on this below) by contacting us, including but not limited to logging in to your Account on the Site, in the App or submitting a support ticket, by contacting your relevant Data Protection Officer. in to your Account on the Site or in the App or or submitting a support ticket or writing to your respective Data Protection Officer at the contact listed in Section 15 of this Privacy Policy. You will have an opportunity to unsubscribe each time we communicate with you outside the app and/or through your App settings. Note that your decision to withhold or withdraw your consent to certain other uses of Personal Data or certain types of communication may restrict our ability to provide a particular service or product.
Subject to Data Protection Laws, we may collect, use, store or share Personal Data without your consent in the following limited circumstances:
●      As instructed by local authorities in emergency situations that threaten an individual's life, health, or personal security such as emergency warnings for tsunami or earthquakes.
●      When the Personal Data is available from a public source (e.g. a telephone directory).
●      To protect ourselves and other users from fraud.
●      To investigate an anticipated breach of an agreement or a contravention of law.
●      When such collection, use or disclosure of Personal Data is permitted or required by law.
Legitimate Interest
Where permitted by law, we will process your Personal Data on the basis of our legitimate interest, for example when contacting you about new product offerings and conducting customer satisfaction surveys to enhance our services or sending you newsletters and parking, vehicle or road use related service and security messages. For this type of processing, we will always take into consideration the effect of such processing on your fundamental rights and freedoms, and if we believe that the communication would be an infringement on your rights, we will not proceed with that communication.
PayByPhone Technologies Inc. acts on the basis of legitimate interest in the group-wide use of a central IT infrastructure (including for registration and processing of parking transactions, product and system development and ensuring IT security).
You may opt-out of receiving legitimate interest-based communications by logging logging in to your Account on the Site, in the App or submitting a support ticket, by contacting your relevant Data Protection Officer. in to your Account on the Site or in the App or or submitting a support ticket or writing to your respective Data Protection Officer at the contact listed in Section 15 of this Privacy Policy. Note that your decision to opt-out may restrict our ability to provide a particular service or product.
We only process your Personal Data for the purposes for which we have a lawful basis.
Some processing associated with the purpose of providing you our Services include:
Creating your Account
Operating the Service
Providing you with navigation services to your parking location
Providing you with parking information at or near you or at your location
Sending you notifications of the end of your parking session
Facilitating, processing, and keeping a record of your Transactions
Serving as the merchant of record for certain Transactions
Collecting or attempting to collect any unpaid amounts owed by you
Sending you the receipt for your Transactions
Providing you with your parking history
Facilitating communication between you and PayByPhone
Providing you customer support
Cooperating with relevant authorities (for example: regarding your Parking Penalties)
Analyzing and monitoring App and Service usage and making improvements, enhancements, and customizations to your experience
Investigating and resolving outages, malfunctions, or problems that you may be having with our App or Services
Ensuring the security of the App and Services, preventing fraud, and enforcing our policies
Complying with any applicable law and assisting law enforcement agencies under applicable law
Working with you to terminate your Account and retaining only your Personal Data when we are required to retain such information by law or pursuant to our other agreements
Responding to any dispute, or legal proceeding of any kind between you and PayByPhone
Providing required reports to our financial partners or service providers
Creating Anonymized Data sets for internal, external, commercial, and analytical purposes
Performing other activities with your consent as set out in the terms of the express consents you give to us, for example sharing data to send you customized offers & promotions with the Corpay Group and/or third parties.
Some processing associated with the purpose of communicating with you include (supported by your consent where required):
Sending you updates, notices, announcements, and additional information related to our Services, vehicle, parking or road use related service and security messages, or information about events occurring in localities where you recently parked.
Conducting surveys, contests, questionnaires, discounts or rewards programs, sweepstakes, or promotions for ourselves and third parties.
Sending you marketing, advertising material, and other content and provide you with information and advertisements about offers, discounts and other services relevant to you, or that we believe you may find interesting.
Sending you updates, notices, announcements, and additional information related to other products and services or those of our affiliates or those of other third parties.
Conducting surveys, contests, questionnaires, discounts or rewards programs, sweepstakes, or promotions on behalf of our affiliates or third parties.
Providing you with personalized advertisements and product recommendations based on your vehicle information (such as type of car) and other relevant data.
We will never use or disclose your Personal Data unless we have a lawful basis to do so.
We do not sell your Personal Data to parties outside of PayByPhone. We will not, rent, license or exchange customer lists or your Personal Data to other parties outside of PayByPhone, except as we describe below.
No Personal Data will be shared with third parties, except as required to offer the Services to you or as you specifically consent. We may:
Send your vehicle information to parking operators and parking enforcement agencies to confirm your parking sessions
Send some information to third party service providers that help us to operate our Services including, but not limited to, website hosting, data warehousing, data analysis, event logging, information technology, customer service, user analytics, email delivery, messaging, auditing, and debt collecting
Send your credit or debit card payments to our payment processors
Where payment for parking tickets is available as part of our Services, share your parking ticket and other required information with the parking operators and parking enforcement agencies
Send some information to police, security forces, competent governmental, intergovernmental or supranational bodies, competent agencies, departments or regulatory, self-regulatory authorities or organizations or other third parties where the information is subject to disclosure in accordance with the applicable law, or where we believe, in good faith, it is appropriate to cooperate with in relation to investigations of fraud or other illegal activity or potential illegal activity, or to conduct investigations of violations of our
Terms and Conditions
Send some information to auditors in connection with independent audits of our financial statements and operations. These auditors cannot use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes
Share your Personal Data with a potential purchaser of PayByPhone (or the majority of its assets), or a merger, reorganization, or internal acquisition.
Share your Personal Data with with select third-party service providers who assist in enhancing our offerings (insurance, promotions).
Send information to our group of companies, including our affiliates, head office and branches and members of the Corpay Group, as allowed by law. Any Personal Data relating to you that we provide to our group of companies will be treated by those in accordance with this Policy and we are responsible for the management of the jointly used Personal Data.
Disclose aggregated statistical data for statistical or public relations purposes. For example, we may disclose that a specific percentage of our users drive a blue car. However, this aggregated information is not tied to personal information.
Share some Anonymized Data with third party partners who use the Anonymized Data to create mobility-related analytics including for example, parking analytics & predictive occupancy as well as parking availability reports.
Share information with the party which pays for Parking Sessions on your Account through linking your Account, with your permission, to theirs and adding their payment method to your Account. The information shared includes data collected from you, data collected on parking and other transactions including financial information, data collected on your mobile devices, and derivative data used and stored in PayByPhone databases, to the extent that such data relates to the use of third-party payment method added to your Account. The data will be shared primarily for the purposes of verifying parking transactions paid for with the third-party payment methods and generating parking activity reports for the third party.
Whether or not we share your data with third parties, you can send any data-related requests to us directly. If necessary, we will forward the request to any relevant third parties.
Under certain state laws, collection of data through third-party cookies for targeted advertising and similar purposes may be considered a “sale.” To opt-out of automated sales of personal information, please click the
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
button
HERE
, contact our support center
HERE
or get in touch with our DPO: dpo@paybyphone.com.
California law provides that organizations should disclose whether certain categories of information are collected, “sold,” or transferred for an organization’s “business purpose” (as those terms are defined under law). You can find a list of categories of information that we collect and share on our
U.S. State Data Privacy Notice
. Please note that because this list is comprehensive, it may refer to types of information that we share about other people and not about you. If you would like more information about the categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for those parties to use for direct marketing, please submit a written request to us using the contact information below. We do not discriminate against California residents who exercise any of their rights described in this privacy policy.
California Sensitive Information Disclosure: The table below describes the categories of sensitive personal information (as defined under California law) we collect and why. It also indicates whether we “sell” or “share” such information (as those terms are defined under California law). We do not “sell” sensitive personal information for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising. We may share information as described below.
We will transfer your Personal Data to PayByPhone in Canada, irrespective of the country in which you reside or from which you provide Personal Data.
The transfer of your Personal Data is done in a secure way and in compliance with Data Protection Laws. The European Commission has found, on the basis of Article 45 of the GDPR, that Canada, while not bound by the GDPR, ensures an adequate level of protection of personal data. This adequacy decision took into account Canada's domestic law, its supervisory authorities and international commitments it has entered into.
We may also transfer your Personal Data to third party suppliers in other countries to provide part of our Service to you. In our agreements with these parties, we require them to protect your Personal Data and to adhere to Data Protection Laws and we make sure that they have provided appropriate safeguards.
Your personal information may be accessible to regulatory, law enforcement and national security authorities of those jurisdictions, and may be subject to disclosure in accordance with the laws of those countries.
We may transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom and Switzerland to other countries, some of which have not yet been designated by the European Commission as having an adequate level of data protection. For example, their laws may not guarantee that you have the same rights, or there may not be a data protection supervisory authority to handle your complaints. When we make such transfers, we use a range of legal mechanisms, including contracts such as the Standard Contractual Clauses published by the European Commission under Commission Implementing Decision 2021/914, to protect your rights and allow these safeguards to travel with your data. You can find more information about the European Commission's decisions on the protection of personal data in the countries outside the European Union
here
.
We have put appropriate technical and organizational protection measures in place to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, disposal or similar risks.
PayByPhone commits to the following security measures:
●      All Personal Data of users is stored electronically on an encrypted database of PayByPhone protected by a firewall.
●      The PayByPhone Service is hosted in a secure server environment that uses a firewall and other advanced technology to prevent interference or outside access.
●      Physical access to the database where Personal Data is stored and the servers where the PayByPhone Service is hosted is protected by 24/7 guards who only allow authorized personnel access to the database, such personnel is limited to those that need access.
●      PayByPhone complies with PCI Data Security Standard Level-1 with a robust security process for payment card data and other Personal Data, including prevention, detection and appropriate reaction to security incidents.
●       Parking transactions processed through our Services are encrypted using up-to-date security protocols like TLS 1.2 and 1.3.
●      PayByPhone uses appropriate security measures when destroying customers’ Personal Data such as deleting electronically stored information.
We will continually review and update our security policies and controls as technology changes to ensure the ongoing security of your Personal Data.
PayByPhone will retain your data in accordance with Data Protection Laws.
We will retain your Personal Data (including information related to each parking session and to each of your Transactions) for only so long as is reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the information was collected or as required by law.
If you create an Account with us, we will retain your Personal Data as long as you have that Account. If you close your Account or if there is no activity on your Account (including no log-ins and no parking sessions) for a period of more than 2 years, we will mark your Account in our database as "Closed," but may have to keep some information for as long as is required to comply with our legal obligations, which can be up to 10 years, depending on the country from which you open your Account and in which you conduct your Parking Sessions.
According to the joint controller arrangement between your PayByPhone contract party and PayByPhone Technologies Inc., your PayByPhone contract party is responsible for fulfilling the obligations related to data subject rights.
You can contact the relevant local Data Protection Officer at the address set out below at the end of this page with requests related to the rights described below.  You are also free to assert your data subject rights against PayByPhone Technologies Inc. at the contact listed below at the end of the page.
Any request can be made to PayByPhone via contacting the customer support, the Data Protection Officer or in writing. You will have to provide sufficient detail to identify the Personal Data that that relates to you. PayByPhone may request that you verify your identity. PayByPhone will address the request within 1 month or provide written notice of an extension where additional time is required to fulfil the request.
Access
You have the right to request access to your Personal Data, to know how we use it and to whom we have disclosed it, subject to certain limited exceptions.
You can assert this right by accessing your Account on the Site or the App. You may also contact us with a Personal Data access request, and we will take all reasonable steps to assist you with any legitimate request for access.
We may not be in a position to respond to a data access request. If a request is refused in full or in part, we will notify you in writing and provide the reasons for refusal and the recourse available to you.
Rectification
You have the right to make sure that your Personal Data is accurate.
We make reasonable efforts to ensure that all of our users’ Personal Data is kept accurate and complete. If you are the Account holder, we provide you with tools to access or modify the Personal Data associated with your Account. You may also request that we correct your Personal Data.
If your Personal Data is demonstrated to be inaccurate or incomplete, we will, so far as practicable and as soon as practicable, correct your Personal Data and send the corrected information to any organization to which we disclosed the Personal Data in the previous year. If the correction is not made, we will note your correction request in your file.
Erasure
You have the right to obtain from us the erasure of your Personal Data.
At any time, you may delete your Account through the app. In that case your data related and associated to the creation of the Account is deleted. You will have to set up a new Account and add your personal information again. Due to legal obligations, we might not be able to delete all data immediately.
You may also request that we erase your Personal Data. In the event that you request erasure of your Personal Data, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove your Personal Data from our files, however, we may not be able to delete some of your Personal Data to the extent that it is still required for discharging our legal obligations. We may also retain, use, and share your Anonymized Data that we previously collected prior to your deletion of your Account.
Withdraw consent (when processing is based on consent)
As mentioned above, when PayByPhone is relying on consent as the lawful basis for processing your Personal Data, you may remove such consent at any time, examples of this include:
●      For certain types of communications, you can change your preferences in your Account permissions via the settings in the App.
●      For emails, you may click on the “Unsubscribe” link in the received email.
●      For push notifications, you can change the setting on your mobile device or adjust your Account settings.
●      For Cookies on the Site, you can change the Cookies settings on your browser.
●      For collection of location information, you can change your location access to our App using your mobile device settings and by adjusting your Account settings.
Please note that changing your consent may result in a change in your Services and experience.
Lodge a complaint
You have the right to communicate with PayByPhone about any issues that you may have relating to your Personal Data.
The Data Protection Officer of your respective PayByPhone contract party is responsible for ensuring PayByPhone’s compliance with this Privacy Policy and applicable Data Protection Laws. You should direct any complaints, concerns or questions regarding PayByPhone compliance in writing to the respective Data Protection Officer at the contact information below at the end of this page.
You may also write to the Privacy Commissioner of Canada or the privacy supervisory authority in your country, which you can find also at the bottom of this page.
App Store
Your app store (e.g., iTunes or Google Play) may collect certain information in connection with your use of the App, such as Personal Data, Payment Information, geolocational information, and other usage-based data. We have no control over the collection of such information by a third-party app store, and any such collection or use will be subject to that third party’s applicable privacy policies.
Additional Services
Some pages and information on the Site and the App include links to third party websites or offers. These third-party sites are governed by their own privacy statements, and we are not responsible for their operations, including but not limited to, their information practices. You should review the privacy statement of those third-party sites before providing them with any personally identifiable information. PayByPhone is not responsible for the processing of Personal Data on those third-party sites. We strongly advise you not to share any personal information about your Account, including your account number or password, on any social media site or with any third-party application that is not operated by PayByPhone.
How we use Tracking Technologies
Like many companies, when we display online Offers to you, we may use one or more persistent “Tracking Technologies” (such as cookies, entity tags (eTags), pixels, web beacons/ GIFs, local storage, or other identifiers on your device and browser settings) in order to recognize you and your device each time we display Offers to you. We also apply statistical probabilities to data sets, which attempt to recognize or make assumptions about users and devices (e.g., that a user of multiple devices is the same user). Tracking Technologies may set or alter settings or configurations on your device. We use both session and persistent Tracking Technologies.
We use these technologies for a number of purposes to enhance your online experience, such as for preference setting, Offer selection, analytics, conversion attribution and fraud reduction. By rejecting Tracking Technologies, this does not mean that you will no longer see ads when you visit Rokt Sites.
Further information on our use of Tracking Technologies, and how you can exercise your rights not to accept the use of Tracking Technologies, is set out in our ‘Cookies’ Policy.
Use of services
We engage service providers to perform functions and provide services for us, located for example in the Czech Republic, Canada, United States, Ireland, and other countries.
The following is a selection of techniques used:
In some regions we may offer insurances through our partner Chubb. For purchases made through our app involving Chubb and Car Contents insurance, the following applies: by purchasing a policy through our App, you consent to the sharing and processing of your personal data, specifically your email address and transactional data, by Chubb. Chubb operates as a separate controller for this data. They will process this data in accord with their own Privacy Policy and legal obligations. This is done to ensure the smooth operation of services, resolve issues and queries, and fulfil any legal, regulatory, or contractual requirements. Please review Chubb's Privacy Policy by visiting
https://www.chubb.com/us-en/online-privacy-policy.html
to better understand their practices. We are committed to the careful, confidential, and secure handling of your personal data at all times.
In some regions, we may engage with our partner Rokt to provide custom offers from other brands on our Sites or in our App. You can learn more about Rokt and learn how to opt-out of Rokt’s personalized brand offers by visiting https://www.rokt.com/privacy-policy/. ROKT serves as an independent data controller for this collected information, operating in compliance with their own Privacy Policy and legal obligations. Only we with your consent, we may share personal data with our partner. This data is used to enhance your user experience by providing customized advertisements and promotional materials that best match your interests.
We may amend, update, modify, replace, or revise this Privacy Policy at any time by communicating those updates with you and by posting such on our Site. All such amendments, updates, modifications, replacements, versions, or revisions are effective immediately upon posting on our Site. All references in this Privacy Policy to the
Terms and Conditions
, Legal Notice, and any other Services matters are references to the same as they are amended, updated, modified, replaced, or revised.
If at any time you would like to contact us with your views about our privacy practices, or with any enquiry relating to your personal information, please contact us by using the below listed contacts. We will respond to questions or concerns as required by law and within a period no longer than 30 days or one month.
Contact information for
PayByPhone Data Protection Officers
at: dpo@paybyphone.com.
Here, you find a list of authorities, where you can also raise a concern or lodge a complaint with a data protection authority or other official within your jurisdiction.
In the
UK
this is the '
Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)'
. Find out on their website how to report a concern: https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/.
In
Jersey
, please contact the '
Office of the Information Commissioner
'. Find out on their website how to report a concern: https://jerseyoic.org/make-a-complaint/.
In
France,
this is the '
Commission nationale de l'informatique et des libertés (CNIL)
'. Find out on their website how to report a concern:
https://www.cnil.fr/en/contact-us.
In
Germany,
this is the '
Bayerisches Landesamt für Datenschutzaufsicht (BayLDA)
'. Find out on their website how to report a concern: https://www.lda.bayern.de/de/kontakt.html.
In
Switzerland,
this is the '
Eidgenössischer Datenschutz- und Öffentlichkeitsbeauftragter
'. Find out on their website how to report a concern: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/de/home/deredoeb/kontakt.html
PayByPhone is a part of CORPAY (NYSE:
CPAY
).
12/13/2024, 4:34:28 PM
English
Français
Español
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
PayByPhone Cookies Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Vendor Search
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
View Cookies
Name
cookie name
PayByPhone and your privacy: your choices, our responsibilities.
PayByPhone and our partners use cookies to collect non-sensitive information to notably improve our site and services, monitor audience ratings and offer social networks features. We use necessary cookies to make our site work.  We'd also like to use optional analytics cookies to help us improve our site and your user experience.  By clicking “Accept all”, you consent to the use of optional analytics cookies or similar technologies by PayByPhone and its partners. By clicking “Reject all”, you choose to not allow the use of optional analytics cookies which may impact your experience of our site and services. You may also click “Cookies Settings” to find out more and change your default settings to choose to allow only certain types of optional analytics cookies.
Cookies Policy & Partners
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.chubb.com/us-en/online-privacy-policy.html:
Effective Date: 11/22/2024
Last Updated: 11/22/2024
Scope
This Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”) describes how Chubb Group of Insurance Companies, and our brands, affiliates, and subsidiaries (“
Chubb
,” “
we
,” “
us
” and “
our
”) collect, use, and disclose your information, including Personal Information, when you visit our websites, including www.chubb.com (the “
Sites
”), download our mobile applications, or use any of our products or services that link to or otherwise reference this Policy (collectively, the “
Services
”). This policy does
not
apply to
www.combinedinsurance.com
(except when Combined insurance products are sold under the Blink℠ by Chubb brand),
www.healthypawspetinsurance.com
,
www.rainhail.com
, or
www.streamlabswater.com
, nor to any non-Chubb websites or mobile applications that you may access via the Services. Those websites and services are governed by the privacy policies that appear on those sites and applications. Depending upon your relationship with us, you may receive other privacy notices from us providing additional detail about our privacy practices. If you are a California resident, please see the
Additional Notice to California Residents
below for more information.
Your use of the Services is subject to this Policy and the Chubb
Terms of Use
, including applicable terms of limitations on liability and the resolution of disputes.
Table of Contents
Scope
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Personal Information
How We May Disclose Personal Information
How We Collect, Use and Protect Social Security Numbers
Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms
Your Cookie and Marketing Choices
Children’s Information
External Links
Blogs and Other Features
Artificial Intelligence
Security
Changes to This Policy
Contact Us
Consent
Additional Notice to California Residents
California Notice At Collection
Personal Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, describes, or is reasonably capable of being associated with you (“
Personal Information
”). Personal Information does not include publicly available information, such as information lawfully made available from government records, information we have a reasonable basis to believe is lawfully made available to the general public by you or by widely distributed media, or by a person to whom you have disclosed the information and not restricted it to a specific audience, or deidentified or aggregated information.
As described below, we collect Personal Information directly from you, automatically through your use of the Sites and Services, and from third-party sources. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may combine the information we collect from publicly available or third-party sources. The Personal Information we collect varies based on your relationship with us.
Personal Information We Collect Directly From You
In order to access certain Services, we may collect Personal Information directly from you, including throughout the quoting, application, or claims handling processes. The Personal Information you provide directly to us may include:
Identifiers and Contact Information.
We may collect personal identifiers and contact information such as your name, address, email address, phone number.
Government-Issued Identifiers.
We also may collect information such as your driver’s license number, social security number, or other government-issued identifiers.
Account Details.
If you register an account with us, we collect information such as your email, phone number, or user ID, and password used to login to your account.
Policy or Claims Information.
This includes policy information, claim information, including materials you submit as part of your claim, information provided for roadside assistance services, or other information you choose to provide us.
Payment Information.
If you pay a bill, we may collect information necessary to process your payment such as bank account information, billing address, and any other related information.
Commercial Information.
We may also collect information about the products, services, or coverage you purchase.
Message Contents.
We may collect your messages, email contents, or any other information you so choose to provide when interacting with our customer service or agents.
Audio or Similar Information.
If you speak with our customer service team by phone, we may collect a recording for quality assurance and training purposes.
Preferences.
We may also collect information about the types of Services you use, your communications preferences, wish lists and other preferences you may select in your account or profile.
Other Information.
We also collect information when you complete online forms, surveys, or leave us product reviews. We also collect any other information you so choose to provide.
Personal Information We Collect Automatically
As described below in the “Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms” section, when you visit our Sites or use our Services, we may automatically collect certain Personal Information, including:
Device Identifiers.
We automatically collect IP address, unique device ID, device type, browser type, location information, and information about your browser and browser language.
Network Activity.
We may also collect information related to how you interact with the Services and advertisements, such as page views, links and items clicked and other activity information, referring URL, browsing history, and other similar information. We may use analytics providers and technologies, including cookies, session replay, and similar tools, to collect this information.
Geolocation
. We may also collect geolocation information, such as physical location or movements. Additionally, depending on your device settings, if you visit our Sites or use our mobile applications, we may collect geolocation information from your IP address which links to the region you live in.
Personal Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may collect information about you through our affiliates, business partners, and vendors, including from administrators, adjusters, agents, brokers, or other representatives who provide services or products on our behalf. For example, we may collect information about your policies, including coverage or claim information, through these sources. We may also receive information from consumer reporting agencies, including motor vehicle reports or information about your credit or creditworthiness, and from other, publicly available sources.
How We Use Personal Information
We may use the Personal Information we collect for the following purposes:
Operate Our Business
. We use the Personal Information we collect to allow you to maintain your account and otherwise run our day-to-day operations.
Provide You Products and Services
. We use the Personal Information we collect to provide you with, renew or modify products and services. We also use this information to maintain your coverage and memberships, including to set up a product or service, service your policy, change your policy, handle a claim, or complete a transaction.
Communicate With You
. We use the Personal Information we collect to communicate with you about your use of our Sites and Services, to respond to your inquiries, to provide you with the information and documents you request, and for other customer service purposes.
Evaluate and Improve Our Products and Services
. We use the Personal Information we collect to evaluate, analyze, improve, and develop our products and Services, including this Site. We also use this information to tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, to offer location customization and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using our Services.
Analytics Models to Support our Business
. We use the Personal Information we collect in analytics models, including actuarial, underwriting, claims, and loss control models, to facilitate and service our business (e.g., to create new products and features). We may also use this information to conduct actuarial or research studies to maintain and develop our products and Services, and to create new offerings or features. We also use this information to administer surveys and questionnaires, such as for market research or member satisfaction purposes.
Marketing and Advertising
. We may use your Personal Information for marketing and promotional purposes, including to send you promotional communications about products, services, features, and options we believe may interest you. We may send communications via e-mail, regular mail or may send push notifications via a mobile device. We may also use your information to serve you advertisements or customized content online.
Inferences
. We may use the information we collect to better understand how you access and use our Sites and the products and Services available on our Sites, both on an aggregated and individualized basis.
Find Locations on Request
. At your request, we may use your information to obtain your location from the mobile device or the network using your device’s Global Positioning System (GPS) functionality, or directly from you. We may use your location information to help you search for information, including searching for an agent, searching for a service provider, identifying the location of an accident or identifying the location of a roadside event you are reporting. If you do not want location information used, you can disable the GPS functionality on your mobile device.
Fraud and Security Purposes
. We may use the Personal Information we collect to mitigate fraud and protect Chubb and others. We also use this information to prevent and detect fraudulent, malicious, deceptive, infringements of our policies and contracts and other potential misuse of or illegal activity relating to our products, assets, and Services.
Legal Requirements
. We use the Personal Information we collect to investigate, enforce, and apply this Policy and our Terms of Use, and to otherwise protect our own rights and interests, such as to resolve any disputes or to respond to requests from law enforcement, court orders, regulators, or other legal processes.
Business Transfers
. We may also use the Personal Information we collect and receive to consider and implement mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, refinancing, and other business transactions, and for the administration of our general business, accounting, recordkeeping, and other legal functions.
Other Operational and Business Purposes
. We may use your Personal Information for other operational purposes, including to refer you to our third-party partners as part of a referral program, to comply with contracts related to products or services that we provide to you.
We also may use automated processes and combine or aggregate any of the information we collect through the Services or elsewhere for any of these purposes or for analyzing usage statistics and trends.
How We May Disclose Personal Information
When permitted by applicable law, including in cases that require your consent, we may disclose your Personal Information to our affiliates, business partners, vendors and services providers, and others as follows:
Affiliates, Subsidiaries, and Business Partners.
We may disclose the Personal Information we collect with our affiliates, subsidiaries, and agents and brokers. Chubb also partners with other businesses to offer products and services, and we may disclose your Personal Information to those organizations, including those that play a role in insurance transactions such as independent claims adjusters, repair shops, and other claims related companies. If required by law, we will obtain consent prior to disclosing Personal Information.
Vendors and Service Providers.
We may disclose the Personal Information we collect with vendors and service providers who perform functions on our behalf, such as helping complete transactions and process payments, handling claims, servicing your policy or membership, and engaging in credit reporting. We may also disclose your information to vendors and service providers who provide website hosting, automated processes and analytics, marketing and advertising, email or other communication services, development and research or actuarial studies, customer support, and tax, accounting, and legal services.
Marketing and Advertising Partners.
We may also disclose your Personal Information, such as name and contact information, with our marketing and advertising partners to send you content about certain products and Services.
We also may disclose your Personal Information in the following circumstances:
Business Transfers.
As we continue to develop our business, we may buy, merge, or partner with other companies. We may disclose Personal Information as part of those commercial transactions (e.g., mergers, acquisitions, financings, asset sales or transfers, bankruptcy or reorganization or other similar business transactions), as well as in contemplation of such transactions (e.g., due diligence). Where possible we will do so under appropriate confidentiality agreements. Similarly, if all or part of our business, assets, or Sites are merged with or sold to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, your Personal Information may be transferred to the surviving or acquiring company.
In Response to Legal Process.
Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties, as required by law or subpoena, or if we reasonably believe such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of regulators, law enforcement or other public authorities. We also may disclose the information we collect in order to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, including responding to national security or law enforcement disclosure requirements.
To Prevent Fraud and Protect Us and Others.
We also may disclose the Personal Information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of this Policy or our Terms of Use, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved. We may also disclose Personal Information to protect our rights and the rights of others. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud prevention, spam/malware mitigation, and similar purposes.
Aggregate and De-Identified Information.
We may disclose aggregate or de-identified information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research or other purposes.
With Your Permission.
We may disclose Personal Information in other ways not described above. If we do so, we will notify you and, if necessary, obtain your consent.
How We Collect, Use and Protect Social Security Numbers
Chubb may collect Social Security numbers (“SSNs”) in the course of our business.  We strive to protect the confidentiality and security of SSNs in our possession, custody or control by: (i) limiting access to SSNs and (ii) maintaining reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against the loss, misuse or unlawful disclosure of SSNs.  We do not share SSNs for marketing purposes.
Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms
We and our third-party service providers use cookies, pixels, tags, and other similar tracking mechanisms to automatically collect information about browsing activity, type of device and similar information within our Services and to target advertising and content across our Services and third-party sites and services. We use this information to, for example, analyze and understand how users access, use and interact with others through our Services, as well to identify and resolve bugs and errors in our Services and to assess, secure, protect, optimize and improve the performance of our Services.
Cookies
.
“Cookies” are alphanumeric identifiers we transfer to your device’s hard drive through your web browser for tracking purposes. Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our Services, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process, support the security and performance of the Services, or allow us to track activity and usage data within our Service.
Clear GIFs, Pixel Tags, and Other Technologies
.
In addition to cookies, we may also use pixel tags (sometimes called web beacons or “clear GIFs”) to collect information about you and your use of our Services. While cookies are stored locally on your device, pixel tags are embedded invisibly within web pages and online content. We may use these, in connection with our Services to, among other things, track the activities of users, help us manage content and compile usage statistics. We may also use these in HTML e-mails we send, to help us track e-mail response rates, identify when our e-mails are viewed, and track whether our e-mails are forwarded.
Third-Party Analytics and Tools.
We use third party tools, such as Google Analytics, which are operated by third party companies. These third-party analytics companies may collect usage data (using cookies, pixels and similar tools) about our Services in order to provide us with reports and metrics that help us evaluate usage of our Services, improve our Sites, and enhance performance and user experiences. To learn more about Google’s privacy practices, please review the Google Privacy Policy at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can also download the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Cross-Device Tracking.
We and our third-party providers may use the information that we collect about you within our Services and on other third-party sites and services to help us and these third parties to identify other devices that you use (e.g., a mobile phone, tablet, other computer, etc.).
Targeted Advertising
.
We work with third parties, such as ad networks, channel partners, mobile ad networks, analytics and measurement services and others ("Advertising Providers") to personalize content and display advertising within our Services. We and our Advertising Providers may use cookies, pixels tags, session replay and other tools to collect information within our Services such as IP address, location information, device ID, cookie and advertising IDs, and other identifiers, as well as browsing information such as web pages, videos and other content accessed by you. We and our Advertising Providers use this information to provide you more relevant ads and content within our Services, and to evaluate the success of such ads and content.
Do Not Track.
We do not currently respond to web browser “Do Not Track” signals.
Your Cookie and Marketing Choices
We make available several ways for you to manage choices about your Personal Information, including preferences regarding cookies, advertising, whether you want to receive marketing and promotional emails from us, and choices regarding your account and profile information.
Cookie Settings.
If you wish to prevent cookies from tracking your activity on our Sites or visits across multiple websites, you can set your browser to block certain cookies or notify you when a cookie is set; you can also delete cookies. The “Help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to delete cookies. Visitors to our Sites who disable cookies will be able to browse the Sites, but some features may not function.
Industry Ad Choice Programs.
You can also control how participating third-party ad companies use the information that they collect about your visits to our websites and use of our mobile applications, and those of third parties, in order to display more relevant targeted advertising to you. If you are in the U.S., you can obtain more information and opt out of receiving targeted ads from participating third-party ad networks at
aboutads.info/choices
(Digital Advertising Alliance).  You may also download the DAA AppChoices tool (
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices
)  in order to help control interest-based advertising on apps on your mobile device.
Marketing Communications.
You can opt out of receiving marketing emails from us by using the unsubscribe feature in any such email we send you.
Account and Profile Information.
You may access, update, or correct your account and profile information at any time by logging in to your account and updating the Personal Information we maintain. We may keep a copy of your prior information for a period of time, as part of our business records and our backup data.
Children’s Information
Our Services are not designed for children, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of thirteen (13). If we learn that we have received information directly from a child who is under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our systems. If you are a parent or legal guardian and you believe we have collected your child’s information in violation of applicable law, please contact us using the contact information below.
External Links
When you use our Services, you may find links to other websites that we do not own or control. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites, including their collection of your Personal Information. You should review the terms and conditions and privacy policies of these other sites before providing your information.
Blogs and Other Features
We may offer blogs, online forums or other interactive features in connection with our Services that enable you to share information about the Services or other issues of interest. You should be aware that any communications you submit or post to any such interactive features on the Services may be viewable by other participants or users. By submitting or posting to such interactive features you acknowledge and agree that you have no expectation of privacy or confidentiality in the content you submit for such features, whether or not it contains Personal Information about you.
Artificial Intelligence
We or our third party service providers may use artificial intelligence (AI) to provide products or services to you, which may involve the use of your Personal Information from the Sources described herein. We may use AI in connection with our products or services to facilitate and service our business (e.g., assist in underwriting, pricing, claims handling process or data management), as well as to enhance performance and user experience on our websites and applications. The type of AI we use varies based on your relationship with us and by product and service.
Security
We have implemented safeguards designed to protect Personal Information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware that despite our efforts, no data security measures can guarantee security.
Changes to This Policy
This Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may change this Policy at any time and from time to time. Any amendments or modifications to this Policy will become effective immediately upon posting. We will let you know of amendments or modifications by appropriate means such as by posting the revised statement on this page with a new “Last Updated” date. Your continued use of any of our Services following the posting of a revised version of this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. If you do not agree with the revised Policy, do not use any of our Services.
Contact Us
If you have questions about this Policy or our privacy practices or our use of AI, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
Chubb Group
Attention: NA Privacy Office
202 Hall’s Mill Road, P.O. Box 1600
Whitehouse Station, NJ 08889-1600
Telephone: 1-833-324-9798
E-mail:
NAPrivacyOffice@chubb.com
Consent
By using the Services or by consenting using a consent mechanism where provided you signify your consent to this Policy and this site’s Terms of Use. If you do not agree to this Policy or the site’s Terms of Use, please do not use the Services. The Services are not for use within any country or jurisdiction or by any persons where such use would constitute a violation of law. If this applies to you, you are not authorized to access or use any of the Services.
ADDITIONAL NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you would like to exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 ("CCPA"), please visit us at our
Data Subject Request web page
or call us at the following toll-free telephone number 1-833-3249798.
You can find Chubb's
CCPA Notice at Collection
below.
This section of our Privacy Policy provides additional information for California residents pursuant to the CCPA and applies to "Personal Information" as defined in the CCPA, whether collected online or offline. This section of our Privacy Policy applies to
www.chubb.com
and other websites or mobile applications that link to this Privacy Policy (the “Services”), as well as offline activities where California residents are directed to this section of the Privacy Policy.  It does not apply to
www.combinedinsurance.com
(except when Combined insurance products are sold under the Blink℠ by Chubb brand),
www.rainhail.com
,
www.streamlabswater.com
and any non-Chubb websites or mobile applications that you may access via the Services.  Those services are governed by the privacy policies that appear on those sites and applications.  As used in this section of our Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California resident or household.
Service Provider
Some Chubb business units and groups act as service providers under the CCPA.  This means that they collect and use Personal Information on behalf of another company (for example, where ESIS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chubb, provides claims management services to third party insurers and insureds).  Where your Personal Information is processed by ESIS or another Chubb company acting as a service provider, that other company’s privacy policy will explain its privacy practices, and you should submit any request to exercise CCPA rights directly to that company.  Please note that in some instances, ESIS and other Chubb companies or business units may be acting as a service provider for other members of the Chubb Group of Insurance Companies, and, in those instances, this section of the Policy will apply.  If you make a request to exercise CCPA rights to Chubb where it acts as a service provider under the CCPA, we may be required to disclose your request to the relevant company.
Personal Information Not Covered by this California Section of the Privacy Policy
There are a number of exemptions from the application of the CCPA.  The following sets out some of the categories of Personal Information that are not subject to the CCPA, and therefore are not covered by this California section of the Privacy Policy. Note that other sections of the Privacy Policy may still apply in addition to other privacy notices that we may issue addressing our specific relationship with you, including privacy notices that are sent to individuals.
Health or medical information that we collect and that is subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“
HIPAA
”), the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act or the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act.  For example, where we provide you with a covered health insurance plan. Chubb provides a separate HIPAA privacy notice to certain individual consumers as required under applicable laws and regulations.
Information we collect in connection with the issuance of financial products or services to you that are to be used primarily for your personal, family, or household purposes and that is subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (“
GLBA
”) or the California Financial Information Privacy Act. For example, where we provide you with a personal insurance policy, or where we handle a claim from you as an individual. Note that this exclusion may not apply to all of your Personal Information, including to personal information collected before you become a customer.  Chubb provides a separate GLBA privacy notice to certain individual consumers as required under applicable laws and regulations.
Information we collect and provide for use that is subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
Information we collect as a motor vehicle record and that is subject to the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
Publicly available information from government records, and information we have a reasonable basis to believe is lawfully made available to the general public by you or by widely distributed media, or by a person to whom you have disclosed the information and not restricted it to a specific audience.
Deidentified or aggregated information.
California Notice At Collection
Categories of Personal Information Collected & Disclosed
The following identifies the categories of Personal Information we may collect about you (and may have collected in the prior 12 months). Note that our collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information about you will vary depending upon the circumstances and nature of our interactions or relationship with you. Depending on how you use our Services, we may collect the following categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers
, such as real name, alias, job title, address, email address, date of birth, policy number, salary information, social security number, driver’s license number, other government identifiers, credit card number, and tax ID.
Online Identifiers
, such as unique personal identifiers, device IDs, ad IDs, IP addresses, and cookie data.
Customer or Claimant Records,
such as paper or electronic customer or claimant records containing Personal Information, as well as information provided by an insurance broker/agent or reinsurer for underwriting purposes and information included in a list of claims, such as name, signature, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, education, current employment, employment history, social security number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, bank account number, payment card number, gender, height, weight, medical information (including reports and medical bills), health insurance information, details about home address, security and travel plan arrangements, records of personal property, products or services purchased or obtained.
Financial Information
, such as your bank account or credit card number and other payment details.
Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or Federal Law
, such as age (40 years or older), race, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, pregnancy, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex, sexual orientation, and veteran or military status.
Usage Data
, such as Internet or other electronic network activity information regarding a California resident's interaction with portals, Internet websites, applications, or advertisements, including, but not limited to, browsing history, clickstream data, search history and content of public posts.
Biometric Information
, such as individual biological or behavioral characteristics including measurements of physical characteristics such as height, weight and blood pressure, sleep, health, or exercise data that contain identifying information.
Education Information
, such as education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes and student disciplinary records.
Geolocation Data
, such as physical location or movements.
Audio, Video and Other Electronic Data
, such as audio information including call recordings, video and photographs, recorded meetings and webinars, and CCTV footage to secure our offices and premises.
Professional or Employment-Related Information
, such as employment history, qualifications, licensing, and disciplinary record.
Inferences and Preferences
, such as inferences drawn from any of the information described in this section about a consumer including inferences reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, behavior and abilities.
Sensitive Personal Information
, such as social security number, driver’s license number, racial or ethnic origin, citizenship or immigration status, religious or philosophical beliefs, medical condition, and physical or mental disability.
Sources of Personal Information
We generally collect Personal Information from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you and automatically;
Our affiliates and subsidiaries;
Brokers and agents;
Corporate policyholders; and
Our vendors and service providers (e.g., third party administrators).
Purposes for Collecting and Disclosing Personal Information
As described in the
“How We Use Personal Information”
section above, in general, we collect and otherwise process the personal information we collect for the following business or commercial purposes:
Operate our business;
Provide you products and services;
Communicate with you;
Evaluate and improve our products and services;
Analytics models to support our business;
Marketing and advertising;
Inferences;
Find locations on request;
Fraud and security purposes;
Legal requirements;
Business transfers; and
Other operational and business purposes.
Sensitive Personal Information
Notwithstanding the purposes described above, we do not collect, use, or disclose “sensitive personal information” beyond the purposes authorized by the CCPA. Accordingly, we only use and disclose sensitive personal information as reasonably necessary and proportionate: (i) to perform our services requested by you; (ii) to help ensure security and integrity, including to prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents; (iii) to detect, prevent and respond to malicious, fraudulent, deceptive, or illegal conduct; (iv) to verify or maintain the quality and safety of our services; (v) for compliance with our legal obligations; (vi) to our service providers who perform services on our behalf; and (vii) for purposes other than inferring characteristics about you.
Retention of Personal Information
We retain the Personal Information we collect only as reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or otherwise disclosed to you at the time of collection. For example, we will retain certain identifiers for as long as it is necessary to comply with our tax, accounting and recordkeeping obligations, to administer certain policies and coverage, and for research, development and safety purposes, as well as an additional period of time as necessary to protect, defend or establish our rights, defend against potential claims, and to comply with our legal obligations. From time to time, we may also deidentify your Personal Information, retain it and use it for a business purpose in compliance with CCPA.
Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties and Other Recipients
The categories of Personal Information we have disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months include: identifiers, online identifiers, customer records, financial information, characteristics of protected classifications, usage data, biometric information, education information, geolocation data, audio, video, and other electronic data, professional or employment-related information, inferences, and sensitive personal information.
The categories of third parties and other recipients to whom we may disclose personal information for a business purpose may include:
Affiliates, subsidiaries, and business partners;
Vendors and service providers;
Acquirers of business assets;
Advisors, auditors, consultants, and representatives;
Agents and brokers;
Reinsurers;
Regulators, government entities, and law enforcement;
Operating systems and platforms; and
Others as required by law.
Additionally, the CCPA defines “sale” as disclosing or making available personal information to a third-party in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration, and “sharing” includes disclosing or making available personal information to a third-party for purposes of cross-contextual behavioral advertising. While we do not “sell” Personal Information, we may “share” the following categories of Personal Information: online identifiers, and usage data. We disclose this information to third-party advertising networks, analytics providers, and social networks for purposes of marketing and advertising. We do not sell or share “sensitive personal information,” nor do we sell or share any Personal Information about individuals who we know are under sixteen (16) years old.
Rights Regarding Your Personal Information
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding Personal Information. This section describes your rights under the CCPA and explains how to exercise those rights. Subject to certain exceptions, California consumers have the right to make the following requests:
Right to Know
.
With respect to the Personal Information we have collected about you in the prior (twelve) 12 months, you have the right to request from us (up to twice per year and subject to certain exemptions and carveouts):
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you;
The sources from which we have collected that Personal Information;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing that Personal Information;
The categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed that Personal Information; and
A copy of the specific pieces of your Personal Information we have collected.
Right to Correct
.
Subject to certain restrictions, you have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information.
Right to Delete
.
Subject to certain conditions and exceptions, you have the right to request deletion of your Personal Information that we have collected about you.
Right to Opt-Out
.
You have the right to opt-out of “sales” and “sharing” of your Personal Information, as those terms are defined under the CCPA. While we do not “sell” Personal Information, our use of certain third-party analytics and advertising cookies may constitute “sharing” under the CCPA. To exercise your right to opt-out of the “sharing” of your Personal Information, please use the
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
link at the bottom of our Site.
You also have the right to opt-out of “sales” and “sharing” of your Personal Information through the use of an opt-out preference signal. If our Site detects that your browser or device is transmitting an opt-out preference signal, such as the “global privacy control”—or GPC— signal, we will opt that browser or device out of cookies on our Site that result in a “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information. If you come to our Site from a different device or from a different browser on the same device, you will need to opt-out, or use an opt-out preference signal, for that browser and/or device as well.
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information
.
We do not engage in uses or disclosures of Personal Information that would trigger the
right to limit use of sensitive personal information
under the CCPA.
Right to Non-Discrimination
.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of the rights described in this section.
Exercising Your Rights
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise your CCPA rights, you may do so via any of the methods described below:
Accessing our
Data Subject Request
web page; or
Calling us at 1-833-324-9798
Authorized Agent.
You may designate someone as an authorized agent to submit requests and act on your behalf. Authorized agents will be required to provide proof of their authorization in their first communication with us, and we may also require that you directly verify your identity and the authority of your authorized agent.
Businesses operating as an authorized agent on behalf of a California resident must provide both of the following:
(1) Certificate of good standing with its state of organization; and
(2) A written authorization document, signed by the California resident, containing the California resident’s name, address, telephone number, and valid email address, and expressly authorizing the business to act on behalf of the California resident.
Individuals operating as an authorized agent on behalf of a California resident must provide a written authorization document, signed by the California resident, containing the California resident’s name, address, telephone number, and valid email address, and expressly authorizing the individual to act on behalf of the California resident.
We reserve the right to reject (1) authorized agents who have not fulfilled the above requirements, or (2) automated CCPA requests where we have reason to believe the security of the requestor’s personal information may be at risk.
Verification
.
Before responding to your request, we must first verify your identity using the Personal Information you recently provided to us. The information we need in order to verify your identity differs depending on the request made and our relationship with you and might include (as applicable) your name, the email address you regularly use to interact with us, your phone number, your date of birth, and, if available, your policy number. We will take steps to verify your request by matching the information provided by you with the information we have in our records. In some cases, we may request additional information to verify your identity, or where necessary to process your request. In some cases, we may also carry out checks, including with third party identity verification services, to verify your identity before taking any action with your Personal Information. If we are unable to verify your identity after a good faith attempt, we may deny the request and, if so, will explain the basis for the denial.
Artificial Intelligence
We or our third party service providers may use artificial intelligence (AI) to provide products or services to you, which may involve the use of your Personal Information from the Sources described herein. We may use AI in connection with our products or services to facilitate and service our business (e.g., assist in underwriting, pricing, claims handling process or data management), as well as to enhance performance and user experience on our websites and applications. The type of AI we use varies based on your relationship with us and by product and service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this section of the Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or our use of AI, or if you wish to exercise your rights under California law, please contact us at:
Chubb Group
Attention: NA Privacy Office
202 Hall’s Mill Road, P.O. Box 1600
Whitehouse Station, NJ 08889-1600
Telephone: 1-833-324-9798
E-mail:
NAPrivacyOffice@chubb.com