Version: February 20, 2017
The privacy of all of our Users is very important to us. When you, as an App-user, use the Service we (the App-publisher) process your Personal Data. This Privacy Statement describes how we safeguard and process your Personal Data. We recommend you to read it carefully.
1. What is stated in this Privacy Statement?
Parties inform you in this Privacy Statement about:
– The kinds of Personal Data processed;
– The purposes for which Personal Data is processed;
– Where the Personal Data are processed;
– The security measures in place to protect Personal Data;
– Limits of responsibility concerning third parties;
– Viewing, changing and deleting your Personal Data;
– Changes to this Privacy Statement;
– What to do if you have any questions or remarks.
2. The kinds of Personal Data processed
A. Personal Data by using our Service
In order to improve the Service, we use anonymous Data. This information will not go public through the Service.
B. Automatically generated information
Like most other websites and online services, we gather and process automatically generated information about how you use the App. The information gathered includes your IP-address and/or an unique device ID.
If you specifically opt-in, the App may collect your geo-location information. In any event, you can block geo-location collection trough the settings of your mobile device.
If you specifically opt-in to permit access and collection of information from your social network account, then your basic personal information in your social network account will be collected (such as your name and email address) as well as your social network user id (but not your password) and parameters related to the posts you shared through the App. Please refer to the social network’s privacy policy for more details on how you can set the privacy preferences of your account to control the information that may be accessed and retrieved.
This also occurs with regard to the automatically generated information about how you use the App This kind of information helps us to better understand how the App is used, and how we can improve the Service to suit the need of you as an user. If you enable the user authorization features inside the App, the following additional information will be stored:
• Name;
• Email address;
• Age range (optional);
• Gender (optional);
• Phone number (optional);
• Additional profile information returned by an external provider such as
Facebook
or LinkedIn.
To provide the App-owner with information about the usage of the app we are also collecting the following (anonymous) information:
• The moment you open the app;
• The blocks you’ve opened inside the app and the amount of time you’ve spend in this block;
• Actions such as music playback, opening urls etc.
• The moment you leave the app;
Note: if the user authorization features are enabled we are able to link the anonymous information to you once you login.
C. Specific information
We may ask you to engage in certain activities in the App, such as for example loyalty-card, newsletters, advertising, in which case you will be asked for certain personal information. This information will be stored in the databases of our service (included third parties) and will be shared with us.
When you upload Data, including photos in the App, this will be shared and can be viewed by all other users of the App.
3. The purposes for which Personal Data is processed?
A. Purposes
Parties processes Personal Data for the following purposes:
– to enable you to use the Service;
– to keep you updated with relevant information about our Service;
– to improve and/or customize the Service;
– to identity you/or customize the Service;
– to identify you and to prevent fraud;
– to provide support;
– to pass your Personal Data to third parties, if you requested us to do so or if we are legally obliged to do so.
B. Transmission of Personal Data to third parties
We do not sell, trade or rent your Personal Data to third parties without your prior consent. However, we can provide your Personal Data to third parties, when this is essential for providing the Service to you or for carrying out your instructions , such as for making payments by means of payment providers for Paid Services.
We may provide “aggregated anonymous data” about the usage of the Service to third parties for such purposes as well, as it deems to be appropriate. “Aggregated anonymous data” is data that cannot be traced back to you and which therefore does not count as Personal Data. For instance, we may use aggregated anonymous data to better understand how Users use the Service.
In the event that we are transferred to a third party, or that we merge with a third party, or undergoes a reorganization, your Personal Data may also be disclosed and/or transferred to that third party. This third party will have the right to continue to use Personal Data and other information that you provided to us.
We may disclose your Personal Data where it believes, in good faith, that it is necessary to comply with a court order, ongoing judicial proceeding, criminal or civil subpoena, or other legal process or request by law enforcement authorities in the Netherlands or to exercise its legal rights or defend itself against legal claims.
4. Where are the Personal Data processed?
The Service is provided by using hosting services in the European Economic Area. However, the Personal Data processed may be transferred to, and stored on, servers maintained by located in a country outside the European Economic Area (EEA), such as the United States of America. Those third parties state that it shall adhere to the Safe Harbor principles and it is affiliated to the Safe Harbor program of the U.S. Department of Commerce. This means that there should be an adequate level of protection for the processing of Personal Data by Amazon . You agree to this transfer and processing outside the EEA. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Personal Data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
5. What security measures are in place to protect Personal Data?
The security of your data and that of other Users is very important to us. We have implemented technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Data against loss or any form of unlawful processing. We implemented the following measures: protection of our servers by firewalls, SSL connections and encryption of sensitive data. This list is not exhaustive.
6. Limits of responsibility concerning third parties
Our Service may contain services and products offered by third parties, and/or hyperlinks to the websites or services of partners, advertisers and other third parties.
Parties have no control or influence over the content, websites or services of these third parties. Different privacy policies may apply to the use of third party websites and services. This Privacy Statement only relates to Personal Data which have been obtained by parties through your use of the Service for its own purposes. Parties do not accept any responsibility or liability for the content, practices or operation of third party websites and services.
7. Viewing and deleting Personal Data
You may send a request to access or delete the personal information collected through your use of the App, by contacting us via email. You may be asked to provide additional information to verify your identity.
8. Children’s privacy
Personal information about children is not knowingly or intentionally collected.
9. Security
Measures are implemented to secure your personal information, to minimize the risks of damage, loss of information and unauthorized access or use of information. However, these measures are unable to provide absolute information security. Therefore, although efforts are made to secure your personal information, it is not guaranteed and you cannot reasonably expect that the App and its related databases will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unauthorized interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
10. Changes to this Privacy Statement
This Statement may be updated at any time. Parties will publish any updated version of the Privacy Statement via the Service. Parties encourage you to check this page from time to time to be aware of any changes to this Privacy Statement and to stay informed about how parties protect your Personal Data. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Statement periodically and familiarize yourself with any updates.
You agree to be bound by any of the changes made to this Statement. Your continued use of the App after the changed take effect will indicate your acceptance of the amended Statement. If you do not agree with the amended Statement, you must uninstall the App and avoid any further use of it.
11. What to do if you have any questions or remarks?
If you have any questions or remarks about this Privacy Statement, please
contact us
by sending an email.
This Privacy and Cookie Statement was last updated: 20th of February 2017.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://bigbrothernetwork.com/privacy/:
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the website of BigBrotherNetwork.com, part of the Gravy Trains Productions entertainment news network.
Our postal address is:
BigBrotherNetwork.com
Gravy Train Productions, LLC
P.O. Box 63
Ashburn, VA 20146
We can be reached via e-mail at matt [at] bigbrothernetwork [.] com.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer’s domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used only for general web site statistics and to notify visitors about updates to our website if they have registered for that purpose.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Advertising:
BigBrotherNetwork.com uses third-party advertising companies to serve our ads and collect information when users visit the Site. These third-party advertising companies employ cookie and 1×1 pixel .gifs or web beacons to measure and improve the effectiveness of ads for their clients. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to our website and other websites in order to provide advertisements on our site, other websites and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice or to Out-Out of Internet-Based Advertising, and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, check out
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!/
.
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of:
Google Adsense:
http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
Infolinks:
http://www.infolinks.com/privacy.html
ValueClick Media:
https://www.valueclickmedia.com/privacy.shtml
Commission Junction:
http://www.cj.com/privacy.html
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to security: and We do not collect any information on our visitors that require additional protection.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, The DMA’s Committee on Ethical Business Practices at
mgoldberger@the-dma.org
, state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, state or local consumer protection office, The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically at
http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.htm
.
ON SOCIAL MEDIA
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
SPONSORS
LATEST NEWS
© 2008-2025
Gravy Train Productions, LLC
|
Privacy
|
Links may earn an affiliate commission.
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website
Accept