Privacy Policy
In short
Your data is yours, none of our apps store personal information or user generated content in any manner that allows us or anyone access to it without your explicit approval.
About this policy
Purpose
The purpose of this privacy policy is to communicate clearly the personal information handling practices we follow when we collect and deal with your personal information, including how you can contact us if you wish to correct or access personal information we hold about you.
Privacy Act 1988 (Cth)
As a small business, we are exempted from the operation of the Privacy Act. However, protection of your personal information that we collect is very important to us. This policy sets out how we handle any personal information we collect or receive about you.
The Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) can be viewed at
http://www.austlii.edu.au/au/legis/cth/consol_act/pa1988108/
Our personal information handling practices
What is personal information?
We use the definition of personal information contained in s 6(1) of the Privacy Act. It states that personal information is 'information or an opinion (including information or an opinion forming part of a database), whether true or not, and whether recorded in a material form or not, about an individual whose identity is apparent, or can reasonably be ascertained, from the information or opinion'.
Collection of personal information
We try to collect personal information directly from the individual.
We only collect personal information for purposes which are directly related to our activities and only when it is necessary for or directly related to such purposes. These purposes include:
To provide you with information you have enquired about
To provide you with goods you have purchased
To provide you with services you have purchased
When you ask to be on an email or mailing list so that we can send you information about our activities and/or publications
When you send us information about an event you are organising for us to publicise on our website
For normal communication processes when we might email you, text you or phone you
Browsing
When you only browse the website, we do not collect your personal information.
When you look at our website, our internet service provider makes a record of your visit and logs (in server logs) the following information for statistical purposes:
Your server address
Your top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .org, .au, etc)
The pages you accessed and documents downloaded
The date and time of your visit to our site
Whether you have visited our site before
The previous site you visited, and
The type of browser being used. We do not identify you or your browsing activities except, in the event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect the internet service provider's server logs.
Cookies
Our website may use cookies. You may choose to disable cookies in your browser but this may affect your use of the site in some areas.
Use and disclosure of your personal information
We do not disclose your information to third parties.
Data quality
We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate, up to date and complete. These steps include maintaining and updating personal information when we are advised by you that your personal information has changed.
Data security
If you choose to join our email lists, complete online forms or lodge enquiries, your contact details are stored on password-protected databases.
Deletion of data and unsubscribing
When you cease to be a member of our website, we will destroy your personal information in a secure manner or delete it. If you have not purchased goods, services or visited our website for six months we will delete your information. You can request that your personal information be deleted at any time.
You may also request us to delete any personal information we hold about you by emailing our contact person whose details are below. You may choose to opt out of further contact from us by sending us an email containing the word "unsubscribe" in the title of the email.
Access and correction
If you wish to request access to the personal information we hold about you, or request that we change that personal information, we will allow access or make the changes unless we consider that there is a sound reason to withhold the information under relevant law such as the Privacy Act, Freedom of Information Act 1982 (Cth) (FOI Act) or other relevant information.
You can obtain further information about how to request access or changes to the information we hold about you by contacting us (see details below).
How to contact us
You can obtain further information in relation to this privacy policy, ask questions about it or provide any comments, by contacting us:
http://armchairengineering.com/support/
Changes
We may need to update this Policy to reflect changes in the Service, our business and applicable laws. We will, however, always maintain our commitment to respect your privacy. We will post any revisions to this Policy on our website. Your continuation of use of the Service after any change means that you agree with, and consent to be bound by, the new Privacy Policy.
BarCasts
BarCasts subscriptions will be charged through your iTunes account. Lifetime subscriptions are charged after confirmation of purchase. Annual subscriptions are charged for renewal 24 hours prior to the end of the current period and will renew automatically unless cancelled at least 24 hours prior to the end of the current period. Auto-renewal may be turned off at any time by going to your settings in the iTunes Store after purchase. The current price for BarCasts Plus is $8.99 USD per year or a one-time payment of $31.99 USD, and may vary from country to country.
Terms of Use
By using BarCasts, you agree to follow and be bound by the following terms, which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you. We and third-party providers may make improvements and/or changes in any part of BarCasts at any time without notice. By continuing to use BarCasts you acknowledge and agree that you have had sufficient chance to read and understand these terms and you agree to be bound by them. If you do not agree to the terms, you should not use BarCasts. including its associated features and services.
BarCasts is offered and available only to individuals who are 18 years or older, or 13 years or older with parental consent, or the applicable age of majority in your country.
Subject to your compliance with these terms, BarCasts is granted to you in the form of a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable, non-transferrable license to access and use BarCasts on your personal electronic device, solely for your personal, non-commercial use.
You acknowledge and agree that we retain complete editorial control over BarCasts and may alter, amend or cease the operation of BarCasts at any time in our sole discretion without notice to you; and BarCasts may be unavailable from time to time (including for maintenance purposes).
You may not remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices from BarCasts, or edit, decompile, reverse-engineer or disassemble any features of BarCasts.
BarCasts is the property of its licensors, and is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Nothing in these terms constitutes a transfer of any intellectual property rights. Our trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without our prior written consent.
If you provide us any feedback, ideas and suggestions about BarCasts or content, you assign to us, your entire right, title and interest. To the extent such rights cannot be assigned, you hereby waive such rights as to BarCasts, its affiliates and its and their customers and business partners.
BarCasts is provided to you “as is” and without warranty.
Character Keyboard
While Character Keyboard does require you to enable Full Access, this is not used to record or relay any typed data. This is only used to communicate settings for the parent app (e.g. theme type) to the keyboard.
Quick Commodities
Subscriptions for Quick Commodities are US$2.49 for one month or US$24.99 for a full year. Quick Commodities subscriptions will be charged to your iTunes account after your confirmation of purchase. Your three-month subscription will automatically renew every three months and be charged through your iTunes account, your six-month subscription every six month and yearly subscriptions will automatically renew each year. Subscriptions renew automatically unless cancelled at least 24 hours prior to the end of the current period. You can turn off auto-renew at any time from your iTunes account settings. Cancellation of the current active subscription period is not allowed. A lifetime subscription is also available which is a single one-off payment, which entitles you to Quick Commodities access for the lifetime of the app. Any user data collected by Apple and passed along to us via the subscription process is never used or provided to any third-party entity.
Analytics
The Quick Commodities app collects aggregate,
anonymous
statistics, such as the percentage of users who use particular features, to improve the app.