Details
Privacy Policy
PLASA Media Ltd believe protecting your privacy is important when using our website. We have introduced the following privacy policy to explain how we will collect, use and protect your personal information.
Your Acceptance of these Terms
By using our website, you agree to the LSiOnline website's (www.lsionline.com) privacy policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this policy either in full or in part, you should cease using this website immediately.
Information Collection
When you visit the LSiOnline website (www.lsionline.com), you do so anonymously. The website is located in the United Kingdom and is administered and maintained by PLASA Media Ltd. When you access our website, we do log your IP address, along with information of which page, at what time and with which browser you accessed the LSiOnline website (www.lsionline.com), and other similar details for administration and information purposes.
Our website uses "cookies" to allow you access to certain areas within our website, as well as allow us to log which page, at what time and with which browser you accessed the LSiOnline website (www.lsionline.com). The "cookie" will not store any personal information you may provide, and the information that is stored is only used for administration and information purposes. At no time can this information be linked to personal details.
If you have logged into any section of our website using a username and password, we will log which page, at what time and with which browser you accessed on the LSiOnline website and its digital edition pages. The information collected allows us to ensure you accessed only authorized sections of the site, to identify if your account is still active and help us spot any misuse of your account.
We also may ask you to voluntarily supply some personal information such as your email address or postal address when making purchases or to enable us to send you mailing lists. This information will be stored on PLASA Media Ltd's record and will only be used for the purpose that you originally supplied it.
You may write to PLASA Media Ltd at any time and request your personal information be amended or deleted from our system.
You can email us at
info@lsionline.com
Changes to the Privacy Policy
PLASA and PLASA Events Ltd reserve the right to change, add or delete terms of this policy at any time. You are advised to visit the LSiOnline website (www.lsionline.com) on a regular basis to obtain notice of such changes.
Data Security
PLASA Media Ltd are fully committed to data security and have put in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information you provide to PLASA Media Ltd online.
Whilst we endeavour to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit to us. It is therefore your responsibility to take steps to protect your personal data whilst on the Internet, which may include changing your passwords often and making sure you are using a secure browser.
PCI DSS Compliance
PLASA Media Ltd are fully PCI DSS compliant, which provides additional security for your data when you make credit card transactions on our website.
Find out more about the PCI DSS standard >>