Quran
Hadith
Sunnah
Prayer Times
Online Classes
Dua
Quran Classic
Privacy Policy
About Quran Explorer
QuranExplorer.com was started in October, 2005, by a group of Muslims living in Orlando, Florida, USA with the goal of spreading the message of the Holy Quran to all mankind. Quran Explorer not only helps you receive Quranic knowledge but also seeks to bring forward various Quranic topics and interpretations of the Quran in the form of articles and blogs.
We welcome you to Quran Explorer and hope that you enjoy your visit and come back to our website.
This Privacy Policy outlines certain guidelines of visiting Quran Explorer that we would like to share with you so that you continue to have a seamless and great experience. We collect certain information about our visitors at Quran Explorer so that we can serve you better. Your feedback is of utmost importance to us.
Your information is protected!
By using our website, Quran Explorer, as a platform to voice your opinions you are not only helping us improve our services but are also helping millions of Muslims around the world by spreading the message of the Holy Quran and serving as a source of guidance and light for all human beings throughout the face of this earth, regardless of race, color, age, nationality, and religion.
At Quran Explorer we ensure that the latest security and fraud detection methods are employed so that your personal information is safe with us. We do not disseminate your private information, comments or other data to the public and none of the information is accessible via the internet. Your information and comments are hence protected with the utmost security. Thank you for trusting us with your comments and valuable experiences.
Collection of your information and its use.
When you visit Quran Explorer website, servers automatically recognize the IP for detecting location you visited from. For the purpose of giving you a good experience at Quran Explorer, we may track the information you provide. However, the information is not used in an unethical manner or distributed to any source.
The following information is collected when a user visits our website:
Personal information:
Name, Email Address etc. However, this information will not be used without your consent, nor is used in any kind of analysis. Visitors browsing path, too, is not tracked outside Quran Explorer.
Cookies:
We use "cookies" to keep track of your stay and frequency of visiting Quran Explorer website. The cookie text only tells us about your visits to the website.
Credit Card Information:
Credit card information is used to process donation, orders or registration on Quran Explorer website. Under no circumstances is the credit card information released to the public. Your financial information is safe with us.
Information for Subscription:
Some information is collected for subscription purposes and visitors may simply choose to opt out of it if they are bothered. This information includes name, postal address, telephone number, email addresses.
Outside Links
We are liable to inform you that our website contains links to other websites that are not contained within Quran Explorer. We are hence not responsible for the Privacy practices or content contained on these websites.
Privacy Consent
By using and visiting our website you agree and consent to the collection and use of this information by Quran Explorer. Incase of changes to this Privacy Policy, you will be notified so that you are aware of the information collected, its use and its disclosure policies.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about this privacy policies, please send us an email at
support@QuranExplorer.com
.