Search:
What type of deals?
x
Where?
x
Where from?
x
Where to?
x
When?
How many guests?
1 Guest
2 Guests
3 Guests
4 Guests
5 Guests
How many travelers?
1
2
3
4
5
6
Search Deals
Close
All dates
Next month
Spring
Summer
Autumn
Winter
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Average prices:
£
££
£££
Tap here to search deals
Privacy Policy
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY (“POLICY”) CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND HOW WE HANDLE YOUR INFORMATION. BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THE PRIVACY POLICY AND THAT WE WILL COLLECT, USE AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION AS SET FORTH BELOW.
Our data protection practices vary among the countries or states in which we operate to reflect local practices and legal requirements. For specifics on how we process data in your country or state, please refer to the relevant sections and dropdowns within this Policy. These sections will provide tailored information regarding data processing practices in your region.
If you are a California resident, please also refer to our Privacy Notice for California Residents, available
here
.
If you are a former member of the Former Membership Service (as notified by email in March of 2021), please click
here
.
1. What this Policy covers
This Policy explains the data protection practices of Travelzoo and its family of related companies including licensees (collectively, "
Travelzoo
" or “
we
”). The controller for personal data collected under this Policy is the relevant Travelzoo entity in your country, as outlined under the “
How to contact us
” heading below’.
This Policy applies to your use of Travelzoo’s products and services as a consumer or as a representative of a client of Travelzoo, including, but not limited to, the websites, e-mail newsletters and mobile applications that link to this Policy (collectively, the "
Services
").
This Policy covers how Travelzoo treats the personal information we collect, use, share, and receive related to your use of our Services or if you engage in business with us. It also explains the rights you have in respect of Travelzoo's use of your personal information;
This Policy does not apply to the practices of people or companies that Travelzoo does not own, control, employ or manage, except where incorporated by reference within licensing arrangements with third parties;
Minors
- You must be at least 18 years old to register, subscribe to or otherwise use Travelzoo's Services because Travelzoo is available only to individuals who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. Travelzoo does not knowingly collect or use any information relating to individuals under 18 years old.
2. When we collect your personal information
Travelzoo collects personal information about you when you:
Visit and use our websites or mobile applications;
Register, subscribe to or sign in/up to our Services;
Purchase products or services from Travelzoo;
Send or receive email communications to or from Travelzoo;
Use any Travelzoo software widgets;
Visit the websites of or make bookings through Travelzoo partners;
Voluntarily provide us personal information by phone, email, live chats, message boards, job fairs or seminars, in letters, online forms and other correspondence. For the avoidance of doubt, this also refers to any personal information you may provide as a representative of a client of Travelzoo;
Participate in a member review through our Services or through one of our partners;
Register for a webinar, seminar or info session hosted or co-hosted by Travelzoo;
Are referred deals by a user of the Services; and
Enter promotions, contests or sweepstakes sponsored by or in connection with Travelzoo.
3. Personal information that we collect from you
3.1 Personal information that we collect through our Services
When you subscribe to or use our Services, we collect the following personal information from you:
Contact information such as name, email address, mailing address, postcode, country of residence, and telephone or mobile number, user name and password;
Billing information such as credit card information and billing address;
Demographic information such as your date of birth and gender;
Information concerning your personal preferences, such as preferred travel deals and airport, and other personal interests you share with us;
Information about your transactions with us and our business partners through your use of our Services, such as the travel, entertainment, and other deals you access and book and with whom;
Information about your browser and your device such as your IP address and, when using our mobile applications, data such as device type and OS version. Travelzoo receives IP addresses from all users because this information is automatically reported by your browser each time you view a web page. Your IP address is also stored in our user registration databases when you register or subscribe with Travelzoo. For more information on IP Addresses,
click here
;
Information about your website visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our websites (including date and time), page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs) and methods used to browse away from the page;
Personal information that you give to us by filling in forms on our websites or mobile applications, by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This also includes the phone number used to call our customer service number;
Calls to and from our customer service help desk may be recorded or monitored for the purpose of quality control and for staff training. Any personal information obtained from you during the call will be treated in accordance with the provisions of this Policy; and
Location information. When you are using our mobile application, we collect geo-location information. We may request access or permission to and track location-based information from your mobile device, either continuously or while you are using our mobile application, to provide location-based services. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
3.2 Personal information we collect when you enter a promotion, sweepstakes, or contest
When you enter a promotion, sweepstakes, or contest hosted by Travelzoo or sponsored by Travelzoo and/or our many partners, we may ask for your name, address, and email address. You may also be asked to provide additional information (such as member reviews, photos, or videos) or to answer certain questions, some of which may be optional, in order to participate;
We may use the personal information you provide to contact you in connection with a particular promotion, such as a sweepstakes or contest – for example, to update you of your status, administer the promotion, let you know that a promotion has ended, and for other purposes; and
When you participate in a Travelzoo-sponsored or hosted promotion, sweepstakes, or contest, you are subject to the official rules of that promotion, sweepstakes, or contest as communicated to you when you participate in such promotion, sweepstakes, or contest.
3.3 Personal information that we obtain from Third-Party Sources
We may collect information through the use of third-party web analytics services (such as Google Analytics) to provide information such as the number of visits to a particular page or the amount of time spent on a website;
We may use information from you and third-party websites to show you relevant advertising on third-party websites (e.g., Meta, Google, Instagram, Snapchat, TikTok, LinkedIn, Pinterest, and X). This could involve showing you an advertising message on social media. If you don’t want to be shown targeted advertising messages from Travelzoo, third-party websites may allow you to request not to see messages from specific advertisers on that website in the future. In addition, social media providers, such as Meta, may send us information about you in line with their policies. If you wish to prevent that sharing, you can do so by editing your Meta privacy settings or the relevant settings/preferences for other social media providers; and
We may obtain information about you from other sources if we have a lawful basis to do so. For example, we may hire a third-party data aggregator to provide us with additional information about our existing consumers, such as purchase history and demographic information, to provide more effective personalization.
4. Travelzoo’s use of your personal data
We use your personal data to:
Provide you with the products or services you have requested from us or through our Services;
Allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services when you choose to do so and to customize the content and provide targeted advertising for our Services and to improve our Services;
Contact you with offers by Travelzoo and/or third parties that we think may be of interest to you;
Conduct customer research or satisfaction surveys, which may be analyzed using artificial intelligence tools, and provide anonymous and/or aggregated reporting for internal and external clients;
Send you push notifications, advertising messages and text messages from Travelzoo relating to our products and services;
Provide you with information about goods or services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you;
Improve our Services to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer and as part of our efforts to keep our websites and mobile applications safe and secure;
Measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you;
Notify you about changes to our Services or to this Policy;
Provide you with location-based information, tailored offers and advertising. If you wish to deactivate this feature, you can disable location services on your mobile device;
When you use our Services, we receive and record information from your computer and browser, including your IP address, Travelzoo cookie information, the type of software and hardware you are using and the web page(s) you visit to provide you with Travelzoo’s services and to improve and promote our services;
We use IP addresses for various purposes, including to:
Diagnose service or technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP;
Send the most appropriate advertising based on geographic area or information derived from your IP address. Many IP addresses are commonly associated with internet service providers, universities, or major corporations in specific regions or localities. Aggregate information derived from IP addresses may also be reported to advertisers or other third parties;
Estimate the total number of users visiting Travelzoo from specific countries or regions of the world;
Assist third-party advertisers to track the effectiveness of the promotions they run on our websites, such as to track visits to and business on the advertised websites;
Maintain the security of our Services; and
To enhance information about you with appropriate and legal data that may be obtained to serve you better, and present you with more relevant information, for example by using Geo-IP maps.
Travelzoo may collect third-party information in connection with our gift giving service, e.g., if you purchase certain services for others, such as hotel reservations or Local Deals gift vouchers, we will collect the personal information of the recipients of these services from you. We will collect the relevant contact information of the gift recipient which may include name, address, and email address. You must make sure that you have the right to provide such personal information. When you provide any personal information for another person, you represent to us that the person whose data you share with us agrees to the provision of their information to us for us to collect, use and disclose such personal information as set forth in this Policy. We will use this gift recipient information only for the service for which you share such information and not to market directly to the recipient unless the recipient is currently registered with Travelzoo independently. To provide this service, we may also obtain address information of the gift recipient from third-party sources, such as postal service providers, to verify the address so we can properly ship your gift order and to prevent fraud. If an individual whose personal information you have provided us wishes to request the deletion of their personal information, they can contact us via the contact details at the end of this Policy;
In case of requests by governments or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation; and
In order to fulfill any other legal obligations under applicable law.
Our lawful basis for collecting and using your personal data depends on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
4.1 When we fulfil a contract or to take steps linked to a contract, we base data collection and processing on Article 6(1)(b) of the (UK) GDPR
We may collect and process personal data from you based on Article 6(1)(b) of the (UK) GDPR where this is necessary to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract with you, to carry out our obligations arising from any contract entered into between you and us and to provide you with the products or services you have requested from us or through our Services and with information about these products and services;
4.2 Under certain circumstances, when you give us your consent, we base data collection and processing on Article 6(1)(a) of the (UK) GDPR
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services when you choose to do so and to customise the content and provide targeted advertising for our Services as well as to improve our Services;
To place certain cookies and use similar technologies subject to consent requirements; and
When this is in accordance with your marketing communication preferences we may send you push notifications, emails (e.g. Top20, Newsflash, Local Deals) and text messages from Travelzoo relating to our products and services. To opt-out of receiving push notifications, you can disable push notifications on your mobile device system settings. You can opt-out of our marketing communications at any time (see “Your account information and preferences” below).
4.3 When we pursue our legitimate interests, we base data collection and processing on Article 6(1)(f) of the (UK) GDPR
To provide you with information about goods or services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you;
To improve our Services to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer and as part of our efforts to keep our websites and mobile applications safe and secure;
To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you;
To notify you about changes to our Services or to this Policy;
When using our mobile websites or applications, if you tell Travelzoo where you are located (e.g., by allowing your mobile device to send Travelzoo your precise location), Travelzoo may use that information to provide you with location-based information, tailored offers and advertising. If you wish to deactivate this feature, you can disable location services on your mobile device;
Furthermore, when you use our Services, we receive and record information from your computer and browser, including your IP address, Travelzoo cookie information, the type of software and hardware you are using and the web page(s) you visit to provide you with Travelzoo’s services and to improve and promote our services;
We use IP addresses for various purposes, including to:
Diagnose service or technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP;
Send the most appropriate advertising based on geographic area or information derived from your IP address. Many IP addresses are commonly associated with internet service providers, universities, or major corporations in specific regions or localities. Aggregate information derived from IP addresses may also be reported to advertisers or other third parties;
Estimate the total number of users visiting Travelzoo from specific countries or regions of the world;
Assist third-party advertisers to track the effectiveness of the promotions they run on our websites, such as to track visits to and business on the advertised websites;
Maintain the security of our Services; and
To enhance information about you with appropriate and legal data that may be obtained to serve you better, and present you with more relevant information, for example by using Geo-IP maps.
Travelzoo may collect third-party information based on Article 6(1)(f) of the (UK) GDPR in connection with our gift giving service, e.g., if you purchase certain services for others, such as hotel reservations or Local Deals gift vouchers, we will collect the personal information of the recipients of these services from you. We will collect the relevant contact information of the gift recipient which may include name, address, and email address. You must make sure that you have the right to provide such personal information. When you provide any personal information for another person, you represent to us that the person whose data you share with us agrees to the provision of their information to us for us to collect, use and disclose such personal information as set forth in this Policy. We will use this gift recipient information only for the service for which you share such information and not to market directly to the recipient unless the recipient is currently registered with Travelzoo independently. To provide this service, we may also obtain address information of the gift recipient from third-party sources, such as postal service providers, to verify the address so we can properly ship your gift order and to prevent fraud. If an individual whose personal information you have provided us wishes to request the deletion of their personal information, they can contact us via the contact details at the end of this Policy.
4.4 For purposes which are required by law, we base data collection and processing on Article 6(1)(c) of the (UK) GDPR
In case of requests by governments or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation.
In order to fulfill any other legal obligations under applicable law.
5. Recipients of personal information and when we share information with them
Internal recipients:
Within Travelzoo, the only individuals who process your personal information are those who need it for the purposes specified in this Policy.
External recipients:
Travelzoo does not rent or sell personal information about you to external recipients, however, we reserve the right to share the personal information we collect about you with third parties when we have a lawful basis to do so, as outlined in this section. External recipients may include:
5.1 Processors
External service providers that we use to provide the Services. We carefully select and inspect these processors on a regular basis to make sure that the security and confidentiality of your personal data are safeguarded. The service providers may use the data only for the purposes specified by us and in accordance with our instructions. If you are making a purchase through our services, we work with third parties and trusted business partners to securely collect your credit card, billing address and other verifying information. Our third-party partners are required to follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information they receive and/or process on our behalf. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure and thus we cannot guarantee its absolute security;
When you use our websites or mobile applications to make a hotel booking, purchase a Local Deal or to take advantage of any of our other products and services, we may share your personal information with the hotel, merchant, tour operator or other involved third-parties to provide you with services, or require that you transact directly with a third-party partner. Additionally, we may partner with other companies to provide inventory as part of our booking service. A partner consists of a third-party company with which we have contracted in order to provide you with our Services featured on our publications or booking platform. Should we partner with a company to provide you a booking, we may share your personal information with that third-party partner. Third parties with which we have contracted include, but are not limited to, holidays.ch GmbH, Travelscape LLC, Tourico Holidays, Inc., Stripe, Inc. and Getaroom. Please refer to the website of the third-party you are booking with for their privacy policy;
We may provide data to trusted partners who work on our behalf to communicate with you about offers from Travelzoo including to select and serve relevant advertisements to you. Note, these companies do not have any right to use or share your personal data for any other purposes and we do not typically disclose information about identifiable individuals, however they may use aggregate data for statistical purposes;
If we have a lawful basis to do so, we may also provide data to our third-party analytics partners, such as Google Analytics, for the purposes of tracking usage information. We will share your personal information only as necessary for the third-party to provide that service. To opt out of Google Analytics’ use of your information, please visit: tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout;
We may contract with third parties to analyze our customer data and/or handle web chat, email, customer services and other services. These third parties may monitor or record telephone calls on our behalf for quality assurance and training purposes. The companies we employ to help us with these tasks may have access to personal data to perform their functions, but are not permitted to use it for any other purposes;
Promotions that are hosted by Travelzoo may be sponsored by Travelzoo, may be co-sponsored by Travelzoo and another company, or may be sponsored by companies other than Travelzoo. Some or all of the data collected during a promotion may be shared with the (co-)sponsor(s) or companies indicated on the entry form so that we may administer the promotion, for prize fulfillment, and as otherwise specified in the official rules for the promotion. Promotions that are hosted by a third-party may collect and use information alone or in conjunction with Travelzoo. The nature of this information sharing will be indicated on the entry form. If information is collected and used by a third-party, you will need to read their privacy policy to understand how that information may be used. If data will be shared, then there will be notice prior to the time of data collection or transfer;
We may invite you to write a member review on your personal experience and display the information that you provide to us. When submitting a review, you should not provide any personal information that you do not wish to make publicly available. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us via the contact information at the end of this Policy. You may also wish to leave a comment on one of our posts by means of a third-party, such as Meta, X, or Instagram. Please be aware that you may be sharing personal information with these other networks or social media providers; and
We may share your personal information with third parties to perform credit checks, report or collect debts owed or in other ways to protect the rights and property of Travelzoo, our agents, customers, and others, including enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use and protecting our network and physical assets.
5.2 Public bodies
We may share your personal information with law enforcement, regulatory authorities, courts with competent jurisdictions, or emergency services, including:
to comply with legal requirements, orders, or proceedings;
to comply with laws or regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests and legal process;
to protect the rights and property of Travelzoo, our agents, customers, and others, including enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use and protecting our network and physical assets; and/or
to protect the safety of our employees and agents, our customers, or any person.
5.3 Companies of the Travelzoo corporate group
If we have a lawful basis to do so, we may transfer your personal information to companies’ of the Travelzoo corporate group.
5.4 Other business partners
Finally, we may transfer, share, or disclose your personal information to third parties in the context of or as part of any corporate reorganization process such as a merger, acquisition, and/or a sale of all, substantially all, or part of our assets, and/or a licensing agreement with third parties. Travelzoo will provide you with notice before your personal information becomes subject to a different privacy policy unless the privacy policy remains tied to Travelzoo's own practices; and
In order to provide our users a seamless experience, some pages on our websites may be hosted by unrelated third parties.
Internal recipients:
Within Travelzoo (Europe) Limited, the only individuals who process your personal information are those who need it for the purposes specified in this Policy.
External recipients:
Travelzoo does not rent or sell personal information about you to external recipients, however, we reserve the right to share the personal information we collect about you with third parties when we have a lawful basis to do so, as outlined in this section. External recipients may include:
5.1 Processors
External service providers that we use to provide the Services. We carefully select and inspect these processors on a regular basis to make sure that the security and confidentiality of your personal data are safeguarded. The service providers may use the data only for the purposes specified by us and in accordance with our instructions. If you are making a purchase through our services, we work with third parties and trusted business partners to securely collect your credit card, billing address and other verifying information. Our third-party partners are required to follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information they receive and/or process on our behalf. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure and thus we cannot guarantee its absolute security; The data is transferred on the basis of Article 6 (1) (b) and/or (f) (UK) GDPR;
When you use our websites or mobile applications to make a hotel booking, purchase a Local Deal or to take advantage of any of our other products and services, we may share your personal information with the hotel, merchant, tour operator or other involved third parties to provide you with services, or require that you transact directly with a third-party partner. Additionally, we may partner with other companies to provide inventory as part of our booking service. A partner consists of a third-party company with which we have contracted in order to provide you with our Services featured on our publications or booking platform. Should we partner with a company to provide you a booking, we may share your personal information with that third-party partner. Third parties with which we have contracted include, but are not limited to, holidays.ch GmbH, Travelscape LLC, Tourico Holidays, Inc., Stripe Payments Europe, Ltd. and Getaroom. Please refer to the website of the third-party you are booking with for its privacy policy; The data is transferred on the basis of Article 6 (1) (b) (UK) GDPR;
We may provide data to trusted partners who work on our behalf to communicate with you about offers from Travelzoo including to select and serve relevant adverts to you. Note, these companies do not have any right to use or share your personal data for any other purposes and we do not typically disclose information about identifiable individuals, however they may use aggregate data for statistical purposes. In that case, depending on the circumstances, the transfer will be based on Article 6 (1) (b) or (f) (UK) GDPR;
If we have a lawful basis to do so, we may also provide data to our third-party analytics partners, such as Google Analytics, for the purposes of tracking usage information. We will share your personal information only as necessary for the third-party to provide that service. To opt out of Google Analytics’ use of your information, please visit: tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. The data is transferred on the basis of Article 6 (1) (a) (UK) GDPR;
We may contract with third parties to analyse our customer data and/or handle web chat, email, customer services and other services. These third-parties may monitor or record telephone calls on our behalf for quality assurance and training purposes. The companies we employ to help us with these tasks may have access to personal data to perform their functions, but are not permitted to use it for any other purposes. The data is transferred on the basis of Article 6 (1) (f) (UK) GDPR;
Promotions that are hosted by Travelzoo may be sponsored by Travelzoo, may be co-sponsored by Travelzoo and another company, or may be sponsored by companies other than Travelzoo. Some or all of the data collected during a promotion may be shared with the (co-)sponsor(s) or companies indicated on the entry form so that we may administer the promotion, for prize fulfillment, and as otherwise specified in the official rules for the promotion. Promotions that are hosted by a third-party may collect and use information alone or in conjunction with Travelzoo. The nature of this information sharing will be indicated on the entry form. If information is collected and used by a third-party, you will need to read their privacy policy to understand how that information may be used. Depending on the circumstances, the data is transferred on the basis of Article 6 (1) (a) or (b) (UK) GDPR;
We may invite you to write a member review on your personal experience and display the information that you provide to us. When submitting a review you should not provide any personally information that you do not wish to make publicly available. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us via the contact information at the end of this Policy. You may also wish to leave a comment on one of our posts by means of a third-party, such as Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Please be aware that you may be sharing personal information with these other networks or social media providers. Depending on the circumstances, the data is transferred on the basis of Article 6 (1) (a) or (f) (UK) GDPR; and
We may share your personal information with third parties to perform credit checks, report or collect debts owed or in other ways to protect the rights and property of Travelzoo, our agents, customers, and others, including enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use and protecting our network and physical assets.
5.2 Public bodies
We may share your personal information with law enforcement, regulatory authorities, courts with competent jurisdictions, emergency services, including:
to comply with legal requirements, orders, or proceedings;
to comply with laws or regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests and legal process;
to protect the rights and property of Travelzoo, our agents, customers, and others, including enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use and protecting our network and physical assets; and/or
to protect the safety of our employees and agents, our customers, or any person.
5.3 Companies of the Travelzoo corporate group
If we have a lawful basis to do so, we may transfer your personal information to companies of the Travelzoo corporate group. The data is transferred on the basis of Article 6 (1) (a) and/or (b) and/or (f) (UK) GDPR.
5.4 Other business partners
Finally, we may transfer, share, or disclose your personal information to third parties in the context of or as part of any corporate reorganization process such as a merger, acquisition, and/or a sale of all, substantially all, or part of our assets, and/or a licensing agreement with third parties. Travelzoo will provide you with notice before your personal information becomes subject to a different privacy policy unless the privacy policy remains tied to Travelzoo's own practices. The data is transferred on the basis of Article 6 (1) (a) and/or (b) and/or (f) (UK) GDPR; and
In order to provide our users a seamless experience, some pages on our websites may be hosted by unrelated third parties. In that case, the data is transferred on the basis of Article 6 (1) (b) (UK) GDPR. The governing privacy policy will be present on those hosted pages.
6. Tracking technologies
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We may automatically combine this collected log information with other information we collect about you in order to improve the services we offer you, improve our marketing efforts, perform analytics, or improve website functionality;
Travelzoo and our partners, affiliates, and service providers, such as our marketing partners, use cookies, web beacons, eTags, and scripts to personalize our Services to your preferences and to provide an automatic log-in process. If you prefer, you may set your computer preferences to decline cookies. Note, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience all the features of our online Services. If you are a resident of the United Kingdom or a member state of the European Economic Area (such as Germany, Spain and France), click
here
for more information about our use of cookies and how to change your cookies preferences.
A web beacon is activated as part of a web page or email and allows us to count visitors to our websites and to recognize users by accessing Travelzoo cookies which help us personalize your experience when you use our Services;
Travelzoo also uses web beacons on its websites and in its e-mails. A web beacon is an electronic file that allows a website to count users who have visited that page or to access certain cookies in accordance with your cookies preferences. Travelzoo may also use web beacons to conduct research on behalf of our partners and for auditing purposes. No personally identifiable information about you is shared with partners from this research. Travelzoo may include web beacons in HTML-formatted e-mail messages that Travelzoo, or its agents, sends in order to determine which e-mail messages were opened and to note whether a message was acted upon.
We may partner with third-party ad networks to either display advertising on our websites or to manage our advertising on other websites. In addition, we may partner with an ad network, which may use cookies and web beacons to collect information on your activities on this and other websites, to provide you targeted advertisements based on your interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt out by clicking
here
. If you are located in the European Economic Area and would like to opt out, please
click here
. Please note that you will continue to receive generic contextualized ads, but these will not be targeted based on information about you or your device;
On Travelzoo we use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 storage to store content information and preferences. We use Flash cookies on Travelzoo for the same purpose. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs. To manage Flash LSOs please
click here
; and
Our websites and mobile applications may include social media features, such as Meta, Instagram, Pinterest and X buttons and widgets, or interactive mini-programs that run on our websites or mobile applications. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our websites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third-party or hosted directly on our websites or mobile applications. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. Any data collected by third parties is not covered by this Policy. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites, services or applications that may be linked to or from our Services. You should review the policies of such third parties and contact them directly to respond to your questions.
7. Your account information and communication preferences
Travelzoo respects your right to control how your personal information is used. Travelzoo may give you the opportunity to request marketing communications from vendors, partners, advertisers, and other service providers;
When we send you marketing communications based on your prior consent, you can revoke your consent to the sending of marketing communication or change your preferences at any time and free of charge;
For more information about these opportunities to request marketing communications, to edit your personal information, to unsubscribe from receiving Travelzoo services you previously requested, or to update your account, please manage your subscriptions by logging into the "My Account" section on the website. Users may also follow unsubscribe instructions included in each promotional email. If you have any issue accessing your profile page or account, please reach out to our customer service team. You can find the contact details for your country under section “How to contact us” below; and
Please note that even if you choose not to receive travel, entertainment, and other communications directly to your e-mail inbox, we may still send you certain communications relating to your account, any purchases made, or if you inquire about Travelzoo Services. These may include service announcements, customer service notices, feedback requests and administrative messages;
8. Confidentiality and security of your personal information
Travelzoo takes industry-standard technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data under our control against loss, misuse, or alteration. Although we put in place appropriate security measures to protect your personal data, the transmission of information via the internet is never completely secure. Travelzoo cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our websites, our email accounts, or our mobile applications; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access;
Here are some of the security measures we have taken:
Travelzoo uses SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption when transmitting certain kinds of information, like user passwords and credit card information when appropriate.
Travelzoo maintains reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that follow industry practices to protect personal information about you.
Travelzoo works with qualified vendors and partners to protect the security and privacy of user information.
Travelzoo continues to evaluate and implement enhancements in security technology and practices, however we can only take steps to help reduce the risks of unauthorized access. Each individual using the Internet can take steps to help protect their information and further minimize the likelihood that a security incident may occur.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites or our mobile applications, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone; and
Travelzoo websites include links to other websites owned or operated by third parties whose privacy practices may differ from those of Travelzoo and who are also likely to use cookies. For example, our websites and mobile applications can contain links to and from third-party websites of advertisers, hotels, tour operators and merchants. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and the information you submit is governed by their privacy policy. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third-party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit;
9. Single sign on
Our Services may offer you the ability to register and login using your third-party social media account details (like your Meta, Google, Pinterest, or Apple logins). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from your social media provider. The profile information we receive may vary depending on the social media provider concerned, but will often include your name, email address, friends list, profile picture as well as other information you choose to make public. If you login using Meta, we may also request access to other permissions related to your account, such as friends, check-ins, and likes, and you may choose to grant or deny us access to each individual permission; and
We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this Policy or that are otherwise made clear to you through our Services. Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your personal information by your third-party social media provider. We recommend that you review their privacy policy to understand how they collect, use, and share your personal information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on their websites and mobile applications.
10. Data retention
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with Travelzoo, in each case in accordance with this Policy and with applicable law;
Where we process personal data for marketing purposes or with your consent, we process the data until you ask us to stop and for a short period after this (to allow us to implement your requests), unless we are under a legal obligation to hold the data for longer. We also keep a record of the fact that you have asked us not to send you direct marketing or to process your data so that we can respect your request in the future. This record will be kept for as long as we retain your personal data in accordance with this section;
We may retain certain information associated with your account in our archives, including for analytical purposes as well as for recordkeeping integrity. The periods for which we retain your information depend on the purpose(s) for which we collected and use such data;
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements); and
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. If you request termination of your Travelzoo account, it is our practice to deactivate your account and block further email deliveries to you within approximately ten (10) business days from your request.
11. For UK or EEA residents only: Data transfer and storage outside of the UK or the EEA
We may share your information with our subsidiary, parent, and affiliate companies in which Travelzoo has control through either direct or indirect ownership and we may store information Travelzoo collects on servers outside your home country;
The personal information we collect from you may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the jurisdiction you are in. Data may be transferred from the European Economic Area (EEA) or the United Kingdom (UK) to the United States of America (USA) or other jurisdictions, principally due to staff engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services, but also for the purposes of hosting our website servers on which data is held. Some of the jurisdictions outside of the EEA offer differing levels of protection in respect of personal data and may, in certain instances, be less protective than the jurisdiction you are a resident in;
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal data will remain protected in accordance with this Policy and have implemented the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses or make sure your data is protected by a vendor’s Processor Binding Corporate Rules. You can obtain a copy of these safeguards by contacting us at dpo@travelzoo.com; and
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.
12. Your data protection rights
Depending on where you live, you may have certain rights with respect to your personal information. If you want to exercise any of these rights, you can do so by reaching out to us as outlined below.
Your data protection rights and our responses will vary based on your state or country of residency. Please note that you may be located in a jurisdiction where we are not obligated, or are unable, to fulfill a request. In such a case, your request may not be fulfilled.
You have the right not to be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your rights.
Where Travelzoo acts as a service provider or data processor for third-party organizations please contact those organizations directly to exercise any applicable individual’s rights.
12.1 Your rights
If you are a resident of the United States, your rights with regards to your personal data depend on the state in which you are residing. In the states of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Texas, Utah or Virgina, you may have one or more of the following rights.
Right to access
– The right to access the information or categories of information collected and processed from you.
Right to correct
– The right to request that your incorrect or outdated personal information be corrected.
Right to delete
– The right to request deletion of your personal information under certain conditions.
Right to data portability
– The right to request personal information about you be disclosed in a common file format.
Right to opt out from sharing or targeted advertising
– The right to restrict our ability to share or your personal data or use it for targeted advertising.
Right to opt-out of sales
– The right for a consumer to opt out of the sale of personal information about the consumer to third parties. Please note that in the preceding twelve (12) months, Travelzoo has not sold personal information.
Right to opt-out of automated decision making
– The right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated means.
Please note that some of the above rights are subject to exceptions and limitations.
If you are a Nevada resident, the following applies to you. Travelzoo does not engage in the following activity, however Nevada law requires us to inform you of the following: certain Nevada consumers may opt out of the sale of “covered information” for monetary consideration to a person for that person to license or sell such information. “Covered information” includes first and last name, address, email address, phone number, Social Security Number, or an identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online. If you are a Nevada resident who has purchased goods or services from Travelzoo you may submit a request to opt out of any potential future sales under Nevada law by filling our request form. We will your request in our records, in the event our practices change.
12.2 Exercise your rights
If you are based in a state in which you have one of the above rights and you want to exercise any of these rights, you can do so by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
Alternatively, California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Massachusetts residents or their authorized agents may call 1-877-665-0000 or 1-877-966-0000 to make these requests.
In certain states, such as California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Massachusetts, authorized agents may submit a request on your behalf.
If you are a California resident business contact and want to make a request, please reach out to us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
Colorado, Connecticut, Texas, and Virginia residents may appeal the denial of a request. We will respond within the legally required time period, including a written explanation of the results of your appeal.
Under certain conditions, you have the right to require us to:
Inform you about how your personal information is being used;
Access and receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you;
Request the correction of inaccurate personal data we hold about you;
Require us to delete any information about you for the processing of which we no longer have a lawful basis;
Restrict our use of your personal information;
Provide you with your personal information in a usable electronic format and transmit it to a third-party (right to data portability); and
Cease carrying out certain processing activities based on legitimate interest as lawful basis unless our reasons for undertaking that processing outweigh any prejudice to your data protection rights.
Canadian residents who wish to exercise any of these rights may do so by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
You have the following rights with regard to your personal data:
Right of access and information
– The right to access the information or categories of information collected and processed from you and the right to be informed about how your personal information is being used.
Right to correct
– The right to request that your incorrect or outdated personal information be corrected.
Right to delete
– The right to request deletion of your personal information of which we no longer have a lawful basis.
Right to data portability
– The right to request personal information about you be disclosed in a usable electronic format and/or transmit it to a third-party
Right to restriction of processing
– The right to restrict our ability to process your personal data based on legitimate interest as lawful basis, unless our reasons for undertaking that processing outweigh any prejudice to your data protection rights.
Right to opt-out of automated decision making
– The right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated means.
If you wish to make use of one of the above rights, you can do so at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below. We may require you to prove your identity with approved forms of identification.
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), please contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and processing of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. (Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and other countries (including the USA and Canada) are available
here
.)
If you are based outside the U.S., Canada, the UK or a member state of the EEA, your rights depend on the laws and regulations of the country in which you are residing. Please reach out to us via the contact details under the “How to contact us” heading below.
We will respond to any requests within the time period prescribed by applicable law. Please note that some of the above rights are subject to exceptions and limitations.
You have the right to request that we delete your personal information for which we no longer have a legal basis for processing and subject to applicable law, as outlined above. Please send your request using the contact details provided under the “
How to contact us
” section or to dpo[at]travelzoo.com.
Some Travelzoo Services can only be provided if we have your information, therefore deletion of your information will result in termination of such Services.
We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity, including authenticating you through an email address we have on file. We may require further documentation such as a password and user ID before granting access to your information.
13. Changes to our Privacy Policy
Travelzoo may update this Policy from time to time, so we recommend you visit this page occasionally. Changes to this Policy are effective when they are posted on this webpage. When we change this Policy in a material way, we will update the "last updated" date at the bottom of this Policy. If you do not agree to these changes, please do not continue to use Travelzoo’s Services, or submit personal information in other ways to Travelzoo.
If we make any updates to this Policy that will impact you significantly, we will notify you by including a notice in an email sent to the primary email address in your Travelzoo account or by placing a prominent notice on our Privacy Policy web pages and/or our home page.
14. How to contact us
For any questions or complaints about this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us as follows:
Please email us at support@travelzoo.com or write to us at:
Travelzoo
Attn. Data Protection Officer
590 Madison Avenue
35th Floor
New York, NY 10022
You can reach our Data Protection Officer at dpo@travelzoo.com
Please email us at support_ca@travelzoo.com or write to us at:
Travelzoo (Canada) Inc.
Attn. Data Protection Officer
250 Yonge Street, Suite 2301
PO Box 11
Toronto, Ontario, M5B 2L7
Canada
You can reach our Data Protection Officer at dpo@travelzoo.com
Please email us at support_uk@travelzoo.com or write to us at:
Travelzoo (Europe) Limited
Attn. Data Protection Officer
Shaftesbury House
151 Shaftesbury Avenue
London WC2H 8AL
United Kingdom
You can reach our Data Protection Officer at dpo@travelzoo.com
Important note:
The data controller of UK or EEA residents’ personal information is Travelzoo (Europe) Limited at the above address. Travelzoo (Europe) Limited is registered with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (registration no. Z2500432). With regard to data processing within the framework of Travelzoo corporate group internal administration and joint procedures through centralized systems, Travelzoo (Europe) Limited and its parent company Travelzoo (590 Madison Avenue 35th Floor, New York, NY 10022, United States hereafter “
Travelzoo Parent Company
”) are jointly responsible as joint controllers. The joint processes particularly pertain to the operation and use of jointly used databases, platforms, and IT systems. With respect to the joint processes, Travelzoo (Europe) Limited and Travelzoo Parent Company jointly determine the purposes and means of processing. In an agreement on joint controllership pursuant to Article 26 (UK) GDPR, Travelzoo (Europe) Limited and Travelzoo Parent Company have determined how the respective tasks and responsibilities in the processing of personal data are structured.
If you are a resident of Singapore or Australia and you are signed up for Services on the Australian website edition, Finest Hotels Pty Ltd d/b/a Travelzoo is responsible for the processing of your personal data. You can find their privacy policy on the local website editions.
Please email them at support_aus@travelzoo.com or write to them at:
Finest Hotels Pty Ltd d/b/a Travelzoo
Attn: Data Protection Officer
Level 9
153 Walker St
North Sydney NSW, 2060
Australia
If you do not receive a satisfactory response from Finest Hotels Pty Ltd d/b/a Travelzoo to your query, problem or complaint within 30 days, you may refer your query, problem or complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner via the contact details listed at
https://www.oaic.gov.au/about-us/contact-us
.
If you are a resident of Japan or Hong Kong and you are signed up for Services on the Japanese website edition, Travelzoo (Asia) Ltd is responsible for the processing of your personal data. You can find their privacy policy on the local website edition.
If you have any questions, please email them at support_jp@travelzoo.com or write to them at:
Travelzoo (Asia) Ltd
Attn: Data Protection Officer
Unit 3608, Level 36, AIA Tower,
183 Electric Road, Hong Kong
Please email us at support@travelzoo.com or write to us at:
Travelzoo
Attn. Data Protection Officer
590 Madison Avenue
35th Floor
New York, NY 10022
Change log:
May 25, 2018: EEA and UK: The Policy was updated for GDPR compliance purposes.
May 16, 2022 (UK) and June 7, 2022 (US and CA): The Policy was updated to simplify the structure of our Policy and provide even more detailed information about the data we collect from you, the lawful bases for processing your data and your rights with respect to such data.
February 29, 2024: We continuously strive to be as transparent as possible about how Travelzoo and its family of related companies process your personal data. Therefore, we have updated the Policy to outline more clearly how personal data is being processed in your country or state.
Close
Search:
What type of deals?
x
Where?
x
Where from?
x
Where to?
x
When?
How many guests?
1 Guest
2 Guests
3 Guests
4 Guests
5 Guests
How many travelers?
1
2
3
4
5
6
SEARCH HISTORY
What are you looking for?
Start typing or select a destination
Search Deals
Site Editions
You are currently on the United Kingdom site edition.
United Kingdom
Travelzoo publishes top travel deals from hundreds of travel companies in countries around the world.
Canada
Deutschland
España
France
U.S.
日本
Australia
Close
Where are you?
Type a city/town (not postcode):
Where?
Set My Location
Cancel
For more information on how we use your location data, see our
privacy policy
.
Close
Your location
We think we’ve found your location. Should we use
{0}
?
Should we use
{0}
?
Yes
No, Change My Location
For more information on how we use your location data, see our
privacy policy
.
Close
We are the club for travel enthusiasts
Join us in
the club for travel enthusiasts
and get access to negotiated and rigorously vetted travel and entertainment offers, and to other exciting benefits, for Club Members only.
Join Travelzoo, the club for travel enthusiasts, to access this offer and hundreds of others, negotiated, rigorously vetted, and curated for Members only.
Create an account.
We'll save this deal to your Favourites.
Get Started
Already registered?
Sign in
Great! Tell us your postcode
and we'll recommend deals in your area
Great! Tell us your postcode
and we'll recommend deals in your area
Continue
Check your inbox.
All you need to do now is confirm your email address.
Go to Email
We have sent the confirmation email to
(
change
)
Create your password.
Continue
We are the club for travel enthusiasts
Join us in
the club for travel enthusiasts
and get access to negotiated and rigorously vetted travel and entertainment offers, and to other exciting benefits, for Club Members only.
Join Travelzoo
(
change
)
BEST TRAVEL DEALS WEBSITE
2012–2024
British Travel Awards
Try a Travelzoo club membership for 30 days for just £1 (usually £30/year).
We are a private, closed membership.
We leverage the power of our Members and our 25+ years of experience to secure outstanding Club Offers you won’t find anywhere else.
Enjoy Member benefits like our famous Top 20® newsletter, lounge access for delayed flights, weekly GiveAWAYs and more.
You can cancel anytime.
Travelzoo
®
Member Days
We are the club for travel enthusiasts
Join us in
the club for travel enthusiasts
and get access to negotiated and rigorously vetted travel and entertainment offers, and to other exciting benefits, for Club Members only.
Sign in to see this fantastic deal.
You can access these offers only if you are a Club Member.
Confirm your club membership:
Sign in
GO
Not a Club Member yet?
Get Started
or
Sign in with Facebook
Sign in with Google
Sign in with Apple
Not a member?
Join Travelzoo
BEST TRAVEL DEALS WEBSITE
2012–2024
British Travel Awards
Sign in to your account.
This email address is associated with a Travelzoo account, please enter or reset your password.
Sign in
Enter your password
(
change
)
Sign in
Create your password.
(
change
)
Continue
Stay signed in
Don’t know your password?
or
Sign in with Facebook
Sign in with Google
Sign in with Apple
Not a member?
Join Travelzoo
Sign in
Don’t know your password?
Enter the email address that you used to join Travelzoo and we’ll send you a link to reset your password.
Continue
Check your inbox.
We’ve sent you an email with instructions to reset your password.
Go to Email
Create your password.
Your password must contain
at least
8 characters and 1 number.
Continue
You're all set!
Join Travelzoo
(Already registered?
Sign in
)
Join Travelzoo, the club for travel enthusiasts, to access this offer and hundreds of others, negotiated, rigorously vetted, and curated for Members only.
Get Started
Great! Tell us your postcode
and we'll recommend deals in your area
Continue
Check your inbox.
All you need to do now is confirm your email address.
Go to Email
or
Confirm later
Continue where I left off
BEST TRAVEL DEALS WEBSITE
2012–2024
British Travel Awards
Sign in to unlock.
Only members can access this deal
(Not a member?
Join Travelzoo
)
Sign in
or
Sign in with Facebook
Sign in with Google
Sign in with Apple
DON'T MISS OUT!
Our Deal Experts have negotiated
MEMBER EXCLUSIVE
rates
for people like you.
Not a member?
Sign up in seconds
Already registered?
Sign in
And You’re in.
And You’re in.
Start exploring more.
Experience the world for less.
You now have access to all our deals.
Here are the details of the deal you were interested in.
Explore
Explore
To show you the most relevant offers, please tell us where you live
Explore
Sign in to save and manage your deal alerts
Sign in to save this deal to 'My Favourites'.
With 'My Favourites' you can save deals for later, and we'll let you know when they are about to expire.
Sign in
Enter your password
(
change
)
Sign in
Create your password.
To save and manage your favourite deals, create your password.
(
change
)
Continue
Stay signed in
Don’t know your password?
or
Sign in with Facebook
Sign in with Google
Sign in with Apple
Not a member?
Join Travelzoo
Already registered?
Continue
or
Sign in with Facebook
Sign in with Google
Sign in with Apple
Not a Club Member yet?
Continue as a guest
Already registered?
(
Not you?
)
That's me, continue
or
Sign in with Facebook
Sign in with Google
Sign in with Apple