ココネグループサービスプライバシーポリシー
1．前文
（1）cocone ONE株式会社及び同100％子会社（ココネ株式会社、ココネＭ株式会社、cocone v株式会社） （以下「ココネグループ」といいます）は、ココネグループが提供するサービス（以下「ココネグループサービス」といいます）を利用するお客さま（以下「お客さま」といいます）に関する情報（以下「お客さま情報」といいます）の取扱いについて、次のとおりココネグループサービスプライバシーポリシー（以下「本ポリシー」といいます）を定めます。
（2）お客さまは、ココネグループサービスの初回起動時（本ポリシーを改定する場合は、改定告知後の初回起動時）に本ポリシーに同意して、ココネグループサービスを利用するものとします。
なお、15歳未満のお客さまがココネグループサービスを利用して個人情報等を提供する場合は、必ず保護者の監督・同意の下に本ポリシーの確認及び情報提供を行っていただきますようお願いいたします。
（3）お客さまは、ココネグループサービスの設定画面からいつでも本ポリシーを確認することができます。
2．取得する情報及び利用目的
ココネグループは、ココネグループサービスにおいて、以下に定めるお客さま情報を以下の目的のために利用します。
なお、お客さま情報の提供は任意ですが、ココネグループサービスにおいて必要となる情報をご提供いただけない場合、ココネグループサービスの全部又は一部をご利用いただけないことがありますのでご注意ください。
取得する情報
利用目的
氏名
1.キャンペーン・懸賞企画の賞品等のお届けのため
2.お客さまへのアンケート・インタビューの実施等に際し、お客さまへ必要なご連絡をするため
3.ココネグループサービスについて、運営上必要な事項の通知、その他各種お問合せの対応を行うため
4.不正行為等の防止及び対応のため
生年月日
1.お客さま間で円滑なコミュニケーション等を行っていただくため
2.お客さまへのアンケート・インタビューの実施等に際し、年齢に応じた分析結果を得るため
3.ココネグループ又は第三者の媒体において、お客さまの年齢分析に基づく興味・関心等に合わせ、ココネグループ又は第三者の商品等及びサービスの提供、勧誘、広告その他のマーケティングをするため
4.ココネグループサービスへの課金、キャンペーン・懸賞企画へのご応募等に際し、親権者の同意の要否を判断するなど、お客さまの行為の適法性を判断するため
性別
1.ココネグループサービスにおいて、適切かつ効果的なアフターサービスを提供するため
2.お客さまへのアンケート・インタビューの実施等に際し、性別に応じた分析結果を得るため
3.ココネグループ又は第三者の媒体において、お客さまの性別分析に基づく興味・関心等に合わせ、ココネグループ又は第三者の商品等及びサービスの提供、勧誘、広告その他のマーケティングをするため
メールアドレス
1.ココネグループサービスのユーザー管理のため（例：機種変更等による異なる端末間でお客さまのサービスデータの引継ぎを行うため、ご本人確認及び不正利用防止のため）
2.キャンペーン・懸賞企画の賞品等のお届けのため
3.ココネグループサービスについて、運営上必要な事項の通知、その他各種お問合せの対応を行うため
4.ココネグループサービス内でのお客さまのトラフィック測定、行動測定のため
5.ココネグループサービス内でのお客さまへの広告配信、表示及び広告効果計測のため
6.（別途ご同意いただけた場合）各種お知らせやご案内を送信するため
住所、郵便番号
1.ココネグループサービスで購入された商品、キャンペーン・懸賞企画の賞品等のお届け、及びこれらに関するアフターサービスのため
2.お客さまへのアンケート・インタビューの実施等に際し、居住地（居住国等）に応じた分析結果を得るため
3.ココネグループサービスについて、運営上必要な事項の通知、その他各種お問合せの対応を行うため
電話番号
1.ココネグループサービスで購入された商品、キャンペーン・懸賞企画の賞品等のお届け、及びこれらに関するアフターサービスのため
2.ココネグループサービスについて、運営上必要な事項の通知、その他各種お問合せの対応を行うため
銀行口座情報、wallet address
お取引上必要な手続（例：支払い、収入処理）を行うため
クレジットカード情報
ココネグループサービスに関するお支払いについて「クレジットカード払い」を選択されたお客さまの決済時情報として利用するため
Cookie情報
（例：サービス利用履歴、閲覧履歴、位置情報、IPアドレス、端末種別、OS、ブラウザ種別、端末固有ID等）
1.ココネグループサービスのユーザー管理のため
2.ココネグループサービスの保守・管理のため（例：セッション維持のため）
3.ユーザー設定の保存等、ココネグループサービス利用時のお客さま情報の入力を簡略化するため
4.初めてココネグループサービスに対して課金されるお客さま、又は初めてココネグループサービスを通じて商品を購入されるお客さまの決済処理のため
5.ココネグループサービスの改善・向上、及び新たなサービスの企画・研究・開発のため
6.マーケティングデータの調査・分析、及びマーケティング施策の検討・実施のため
7.ココネグループ又は第三者の媒体において、お客さまの閲覧履歴等の分析に基づく興味・関心等に合わせ、ココネグループ又は第三者の商品等及びサービスの提供、勧誘、広告その他のマーケティングをするため
8.不正行為等の防止及び対応のため
広告識別子
（Advertising Identifier(iOS)、Google Advertising ID(Android OS)）
1.お客さまの端末にて利用されているココネグループサービスの有無を判別し、ココネグループサービスの利用状況等の分析結果を得るため
2.ココネグループサービスの改善・向上、及び新たなサービスの企画・研究・開発のため
3.マーケティングデータの調査・分析、及びマーケティング施策の検討・実施のため
4.ココネグループ又は第三者の媒体において、お客さまの閲覧履歴等の分析に基づく興味・関心等に合わせ、ココネグループ又は第三者の商品等及びサービスの提供、勧誘、広告その他のマーケティングをするため
プロフィール情報
（ココネグループサービス上に表示されるユーザー名、アイコン画像、メッセージ等）
1.お客さま間で円滑なコミュニケーション等を行っていただくため
2.ココネグループサービスのユーザー管理（識別）のため
3.キャンペーン・懸賞企画の賞品等のお届けのため
4.お客さまへのアンケート・インタビューの実施等に際し、お客さまへ必要なご連絡をするため
5.ココネグループサービスについて、運営上必要な事項の通知、その他各種お問合せの対応を行うため
6.不正行為等の防止及び対応のため
サービス内購入情報
1.ココネグループサービスのユーザー管理のため
2.お客さまの決済処理のため
3.ココネグループサービスの改善・向上、及び新たなサービスの企画・研究・開発のため
4.マーケティングデータの調査・分析、及びマーケティング施策の検討・実施のため
5.不正行為等の防止及び対応のため
サービス上での行動履歴
（例：サービス利用履歴、閲覧履歴、位置情報、IPアドレス、端末種別、OS、ブラウザ種別、端末固有ID、使用言語等）
1.ココネグループサービスのユーザー管理のため
2.ココネグループサービスの改善・向上、及び新たなサービスの企画・研究・開発のため
3.マーケティングデータの調査・分析、及びマーケティング施策の検討・実施のため
4.不正行為等の防止及び対応のため
パスワード
ご本人確認、不正利用の防止及び対応のため
その他
（例：お客さまからココネグループへのお問合せ、ご連絡等に際して提供された情報）
お問合せ対応、及びお客さまへのご連絡のため
3. 取得方法
（1）お客さまによる任意の提供
氏名、生年月日、性別、メールアドレス、住所・郵便番号、電話番号、クレジットカード情報、プロフィール情報、その他（お問合わせ内容等）
（2）自動取得
Cookie情報、広告識別子、サービス内購入情報、サービス上での行動履歴、パスワード、その他（お問合せ時に利用された電話番号、端末種別、OS情報等）
4. 第三者提供
ココネグループは、原則として、お客さま情報（プロフィール情報など、ココネグループサービス上に表示されることをお客さまが予め認識した上で提供する情報は除きます）を、予めお客さまご本人の同意を得ることなく第三者に提供しません。
ただし、
ココネグループコーポレートプライバシーポリシー
に定めるとおり、ココネグループの業務委託先及びグループ会社に対しては、お客さまご本人の同意を得ることなくお客さま情報を提供することがあります。
5. お客さまの権利
（1）お客さまはいつでもご登録されているメールアドレスやパスワード等の情報を、ココネグループサービス上で確認、訂正することができます。また、ココネグループによるCookieや広告識別子の利用は、ブラウザやスマートフォンアプリの設定で拒否することができます。
（2）お客さまはココネグループに対し、①個人情報の利用目的の通知、②個人情報又は第三者提供記録の開示、③個人情報の内容の訂正、追加又は削除、④個人情報の利用又は第三者提供の停止を請求することができます。
具体的な請求方法については、
ココネグループコーポレートプライバシーポリシー
「開示対象個人情報に関する周知事項：5.開示等の請求手続」をご参照ください。
なお、サービスサイト上で確認できない個人情報の開示を請求される場合には、別途開示手数料をいただく場合があります。
6. 児童の性的虐待と搾取を防止するための基準
（1）ココネグループは、お客様が児童を性的搾取、虐待、または危険にさらすコンテンツ    を作成、投稿、または活動に従事することを禁止しており、未成年者の性的搾取、虐待、または危険にさらされていることが確認されたすべての事例を、適切な該当地域の通報窓口に報告します。
（2）ココネグループは、また、未成年者の性的な行為を描写したものを含む、写真、ビデオ、イラスト、画像、およびコンピュータで生成された画像を含むポルノコンテンツ等を投稿または共有することも禁止しており、お客様が、アバター、キャラクター、その他の形態のアートやAIが生成したコンテンツなど、実在する人間の児童だけでなく、実在しない児童の描写も含め、児童に対する性的虐待や搾取を描写、奨励、助長するコンテンツを投稿すること、当該コンテンツをやりとりすること、当該コンテンツを描写、奨励、助長する活動に関与することを禁止しています。
禁止されている児童の性的虐待や搾取の例には、以下のものが含まれます：
児童に対する不適切な行為：体に触れる、愛撫するなど。
児童に対するグルーミング：オンラインまたはオフラインで、性的接触や性的イメージの交換を容易にするために、オンラインで児童と親しくなるなど。
未成年者を性的に描写すること：児童の性的虐待を描写、奨励、助長する画像や、児童の性的搾取につながりかねない方法で児童を描写する画像など。
セクストーション：児童が他者に見られたくないと感じる個人的な画像へのアクセス権限を有していること、または有していると主張することにより、子供を脅迫または恐喝すること。
児童の人身売買：商業的性的搾取を目的とした児童の宣伝や勧誘など。
（3）ココネグループは、また、お客様が、過度の暴力、血や血糊、有害で危険な行為、否定的な身体や自己イメージを描写、奨励、促進するコンテンツを投稿したり、当該コンテンツをやりとりすること、当該コンテンツを描写、奨励、促進する活動に関与することも禁止しています。
（4）お客様が、上記に定める不適切なコンテンツに遭遇した場合は、ml_child_safety@cocone.co.jpからご連絡いただけますようお願いいたします。
7. お問合せ窓口
個人情報の取扱いに関するお問合せ、苦情及びご相談につきましては、以下のココネグループ「個人情報お問合せ窓口」にご連絡ください。
なお、お問合せなどに際しては、原則としてお電話はお控えいただき、Emailへお寄せいただけますと、担当部署へのお取次ぎが早く完了いたします。
ココネ株式会社　個人情報お問合せ窓口担当
住所：東京都世田谷区若林三丁目1番18号
Email：info@cocone.co.jp
（受付時間：9:00～18:00　※土日祝日（その他ココネグループの休業日）を除きます。）
＊サービスに対するご意見・ご要望は、サービス内のお問合せフォームへお寄せください。
8. その他
（1）お客様情報の取り扱いについて
ココネグループは、サービスのアカウントが削除された場合でも、法令遵守又は利用目的の達成に必要な範囲及び期間において、当該アカウントに関するお客さま情報を保管・利用し、お客さま情報の保管の必要性がなくなった場合には、関連法規及びココネグループの社内規程に従ってこれを適切に処分します。
（2）改定について
ココネグループは、より良くお客さまの個人情報保護を図るため、及び法令等の変更に対応するために、本ポリシーを改定することがあります。その場合、ココネグループは事前に改定内容をお客さまに告知し、一定の猶予期間をもって新たな内容に変更するものとします。
（3）附則
本ポリシーに定めのない事項は、以下のプライバシーポリシーが適用されます。
・
ココネグループコーポレートプライバシーポリシー
・
Cocone Global Privacy Policy
以上
2016年8月8日　制定
2018年7月1日　改定
2020年8月31日　改定
2020年11月27日　改定
2022年12月14日　改定
2023年 4月10日　改定
2024年11月 1日　改定
2025年3月 7日　最終改定日
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://cocone-one.com/en/legal/service-privacy/:
COCONE GLOBAL PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: 3 / 7 / 2025
Introduction
Cocone respects your privacy, and we are committed to protecting it through this Privacy Policy.
As used in this Privacy Policy, “
Cocone
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, or “
our
” refer to cocone ONE corporation and its subsidiary or affiliated entity that is part of cocone ONE corporation.
This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we collect from you, that we may receive from third parties or your contacts or that you may provide when you use Cocone’s applications for mobile devices (the “
Apps
”).
Please familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and contact us as described below in
Section XVII – Contacting Cocone
if you have any questions.
This Privacy Policy applies to the personal information we collect:
・Through the Apps; and
・By email, text, and other communications between you and us and/or the Apps.
It does not apply to information collected by any third party (including but not limited to our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Apps.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will handle your information.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time so please check this Privacy Policy periodically for updates.
If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you through a notice in the Apps. The date this Privacy Policy was last updated is identified at the top of the first page of this Privacy Policy. Unless otherwise stipulated under applicable law, you are responsible for ensuring you periodically visit this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
I. Information We Collect and How We Collect It
Personal Information We Collect
When we talk about personal information (or personal data) we mean any information that relates to an identified or identifiable living individual. The personal information we may collect and process about you within the last twelve (12) months include:
・Registration Data/Identifiers:
Email address
・Sensory data:
Photos, videos or recordings of a user’s environment
・Apps Profile data:
Your username, your avatar.
・Technical and Usage Data/Networking Activity:
IP address, browser type, device type, operating system, geolocation, advertising identifiers, date and time of use, regional settings, and system language.
・Transaction data:
Details of transactions you carry out through the Apps using in-game currency.
How we collect your personal information
We may collect and receive your personal data using different methods:
・Personal data you directly provide to us
You may give us your personal data directly, for example, when you register to use our Apps, contact us with enquiries or feedback.
・Personal data received from third parties
We may receive personal data about you from third parties. Such third parties may include third parties that provide technical services to us so that we can provide the Apps.
・Automatic Data-Collection Technologies
When you access and use the Apps we will collect certain usage data and technical data.
The automatic data collection technologies we use to collect this data may include:
・Cookies (or pixel tags and other similar technologies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer or device. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate settings on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the Apps. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to the Apps.
・Web Beacons. Our emails may use small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
You may also control the information that we collect through the settings on your mobile device.  You may adjust the settings of your mobile device to prevent the Apps from obtaining location information.  However, please note that the Apps may rely on cookies and location information to function properly and some parts of the Apps may not be available if you disable cookies.
・Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google.  Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our websites. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with other data held by Google.  For more information on the privacy practice of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
II. How We Use Your Personal Information
We use personal information that we collect about you or that you provide to us for the purposes set out in this section. If we wish to make any changes to these purposes, or if we wish to use your personal data for any purpose that is not listed in this section, we will notify you using the contact details we hold for you.
PART A: PROVISION OF THE APPS
Purpose: To provide our Apps
Description
Categories of data
Legal bases
Provision of our Apps:
When you use our Apps, we process your personal data so that we can provide our Apps to you, including to ensure that our Apps are working properly, to show you the correct notices and information, and to ensure that our Apps are kept secure. This data is sometimes automatically collected and transmitted to us.
When you use our Apps, we may also ask for your permission to send you push notifications. If you allow this feature, we may send you push notifications through our Apps, for example, reminders, alerts, updates and other information. You can configure and turn off push notifications via your device settings at any time.
Our Apps may also send us (or our IT suppliers) an error message in the event of a crash or other error (e.g. after the Apps have unexpectedly quit because of a program error or has stopped responding to your input). The error message contains Technical Data and information about which part of our App’s software code has caused the error. This information helps us understand the cause of the error so that we can develop a fix to prevent that error from reoccurring and therefore improve the Apps for all users.
Technical and Usage Data/Networking Activity
It is necessary for us to use your personal data to perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you, or it is in our legitimate interest to use personal data in such a way to ensure that we provide access to our Apps in a secure and effective way.
Our use of push notifications will be subject to the permissions that you provide and your system settings.
Description
Categories of data
Legal bases
To manage your account registration and access to the Apps:
You will be required to register an account with us in order to gain access to the Apps.
To register for an account, you will need to provide all required personal data. We will use this data to process your registration and to identify you when you log in to your account and access the Apps.
Registration Data/Identifiers Apps Profile Data
It is necessary for us to use your personal data to perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you, or it is in our legitimate interest to use personal data in such a way to ensure that we provide access to our Apps in a secure and effective way.
Description
Categories of data
Legal bases
To manage your App account profile:
If you are a registered user of the Apps you can voluntarily submit and we will collect Apps Profile Data as part of your App profile.
We will also use your personal data to store information about you and your preferences, allowing us to customize the Apps according to your individual interests and recognize you when you return to the Apps.
Technical and Usage Data/Networking Activity Apps Profile Data
Any Apps Profile Data that you submit is voluntary, although you are required to supply some Apps Profile Data as a part of interacting with and using the Apps. It is in our legitimate interest to use your Apps Profile Data, so that we can provide our Apps effectively.
Purpose: Customer feedback/enquiries
Description
Categories of data
Legal bases
If you have a general question or need help with any issue concerning our Apps:
There are various ways in which you are able to contact us with general inquiries and to provide feedback, including using the details set out in the Contacting Cocone section XVII, through any other ‘contact us’ or similar feature that we make available on our Apps.
When you make an enquiry or provide feedback, we will collect and process your personal data including any personal data you volunteer, that is relevant to your enquiry or feedback.
If you have a technical issue concerning our Apps, we may also process Technical and Usage Data/Networking Activity to help us diagnose and fix the technical issues you are experiencing.
We will use this information so that we can effectively manage and respond to your enquiry or feedback.
Registration Data/Identifiers
Profile Data
Technical and Usage Data/Networking Activity
Personal data that is volunteered as part of feedback
It is in our legitimate interest to use your personal data in the ways described in this section to ensure that we are able to help you with your enquiry and provide a good standard of service.
PART B: ADVERTISING/MARKETING
Description
Categories of data
Legal bases
Online personalised marketing:
We and our third-party partners may use your personal data including data that is collected through your interactions with third-party websites and services (including social media and other platforms) to provide you with, and analyse the effectiveness of, personalised ads when you visit other websites and/or use other services.
By “personalised ads”, we mean advertisements for the Apps which we or our partners otherwise think you might be interested in based on your browsing habits. Note, our third-party partners may also use the data that is collected to show personalised ads for products and services offered by third parties.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities (behavioural tracking). Contact us by email at the email address provided in the “Contacting Cocone” Section XVII below for information on how you can opt out of behavioural tracking on the Apps and how we respond to web browser signals and other mechanisms that enable consumers to exercise choice about behavioural tracking.
Technical and Usage Data/Networking Activity
Where your data is collected through the use of non-essential cookies, we and our third-party partners generally rely on consent to collect your personal data and for the subsequent processing of it in this manner or it is otherwise in our legitimate interests to promote our Apps to you.
Our third-party partners may rely on a different lawful basis in respect of their use of your personal data.
Description
Categories of data
Legal bases
Hosting and managing events:
From time to time, we may organise and host events for the purpose of promoting our business or bringing our App users together. We may process your personal data to communicate with you about such events where you have specifically requested information about such events or where we have another lawful basis for sending that information to you.
If you attend one of our events, we may use your personal data to record your attendance at the event and for related record-keeping purposes and, if relevant, we may collect and process any dietary requirements you may have. You may also feature in photographs taken at our events and such photographs may appear in publications that we make available.
Registration Data/Identifiers
Profile Data
Apps Profile Data
Image and personal data contained in any feedback
It is necessary for us to use your personal data in this way to perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you where you have signed up to attend an event, or it is in our legitimate interest or a third party’s legitimate interest to use personal data in such a way to ensure that the event is operated in an effective way.
We may specifically ask your permission to use your photographs, quotes, testimonials, or other content that you make available or publish at the event. Where this is the case, our processing of your such personal data will be based on express consent.
PART C: BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION, FINANCIAL AND LEGAL
Description
Categories of data
Legal bases
Receipt of service:
If we have engaged an organisation to provide us or our client with services (for example, IT support or financial advice), we will collect and process your personal data if you are a contact within the relevant organisation in order to manage our relationship or our clients with the organization, to receive services from the organisation and, where relevant, to provide our services to others including our customers.
Registration Data/Identifiers
It is necessary for us to use personal data in this way to perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with the organization, or it is in our legitimate interest to use personal data in such a way to ensure that we have an effective working relationship with the organization and are able to provide our services to others in an effective way.  Where we do this on behalf of our clients as a data processor, we do not require a legal basis for such processing.
Description
Categories of data
Legal bases
Business administration, finance, and legal compliance:
We may use an individual’s personal data for the following business administration and legal compliance purposes:
・to facilitate the operation or effective management of our group of businesses;
・for financial, accounting and tax purposes;
・to comply with our legal obligations;
・to enforce or protect our legal rights;
・to deal with complaints;
・to protect the rights of third parties (including where health or security of an individual is endangered (e.g. a fire); and
・in connection with a business transition or sale such as a merger, re-organization, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets.
Registration Data/Identifiers
Transaction Data
It is necessary for us to use personal data in this way to perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with the organisation, or it is in our legitimate interest to use personal data in such a way to ensure that we have an effective working relationship with the organisation and are able to provide our services to others in an effective way.  Where we do this on behalf of our clients as a data processor, we do not require a legal basis for such processing.
III. How Long We Keep Your Information
We will only store your information as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the information is collected and processed or, where applicable law provides for longer storage and retention periods, for the storage and retention period required by law.  Where we process any other personal data, we will retain relevant personal data for up to six years from the date of our last interaction with you (and in compliance with our data protection obligations). We may then destroy such files without further notice or liability.
If any personal data is only useful for a short period (such as for a specific activity, promotion or marketing campaign), we will not retain it for longer than the period for which it is used by us.
If you have opted out of receiving marketing communications from us, we will need to retain certain personal data on a suppression list indefinitely so that we know not to send you further marketing communications in the future. However, we will not use this personal data to send you further marketing unless you subsequently opt back in to receive such marketing.
IV. How We Share Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may also disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this Privacy Policy:
・To our subsidiaries and affiliates;
・To contractors, service providers, advertising partners, event partners, and other third parties we use to support our business and/or the Apps and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
・To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Cocone’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceedings, in which personal information held by Cocone about App users is among the assets transferred.
・To auditors, lawyers, accountants and other professional advisers;
・From time to time, to other third parties for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
・With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
・To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including responding to any government or regulatory request.
・To enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
・If we reasonably believe (within the bounds of applicable law) disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, security or safety of Cocone, our customers, or others, or to address technical issues. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
・Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of the Apps may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You may opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative on
their website.
California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see Your California Privacy Rights for more information.
V. Children’s Privacy
If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under thirteen (13) without verification of prior parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we may possess or have received any information from or about a child under thirteen (13) without such prior parental consent, please immediately contact us by email at the email address provided in the “Contacting Cocone” Section XVII below.
In one or more countries outside the United States, the applicable age is fourteen (14) years of age, rather than thirteen (13) years of age.
California residents under sixteen (16) years of age may have additional rights regarding the collection and sale of their personal information. Please see Your California Privacy Rights below for more information.
VI. How We Protect Your Information
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, theft, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depend on you. Where we have issued you (or you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Apps, you are responsible for keeping your password confidential. Please do not share your password with anyone.
We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your login information or other identification in a non-secure or unsolicited communication (such as email).
Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to or on our Apps. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. You assume this risk by using any part of the Apps. We are not responsible for circumvention of any of our privacy settings or security measures, and/or any damages resulting from such circumvention.
VII. How You May Change, Remove, Or Export Your Information
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can review and change your personal information by sending us an email at the email address provided in the “Contacting Cocone” Section XVII below to request access to, object to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us.
We may not accommodate a request to change information if we reasonably believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement, or cause the information to be incorrect.
If you delete your user content, copies of your user content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other users. Proper access to and use of information, including without limitation user content, is governed by our Terms of Use.
You may email us at the email address provided in the “Contacting Cocone” Section XVII below to request that we delete your personal information from our database. For such requests, please write “delete my personal information” in the subject line, and include your email address in the body of the message. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for administrative purposes.
Please note that we will store communications you may send through the Apps, as well as any comments you may post, and they may not be subject to modification or deletion.
Please note, similar rights will apply in the UK, EEA and Switzerland. Please see the
Privacy section for users from the EEA. UK and Switzerland
for further information
VIII. Links To Third-Party Websites And Services
The Apps may contain links to other websites and online services.  If you choose to click through to one of these other websites or online services, please note that any information you may provide will be subject to the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that website or service, and not to this Privacy Policy.  We do not control third-party websites or services, and the fact that a link to such a website or service appears in the Apps does not mean that we endorse its or its provider, or have approved the provider’s policies or practices related to user information.
Before providing any information to any third-party website or service, please review the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that website or service.  You agree that Cocone will have no liability for any matters relating to a third-party website or service that you provide information to, including their collection and/or handling of that information.
IX. Non-U.S. Users
When we refer to the term “
GDPR
” in this Privacy Policy we mean the European Union General Data Protection Regulation.  Information that you provide may be transferred or accessed by entities around the world as described in this Privacy Policy. If you are located outside the United States, you understand that we may transfer personal information to and process it in the United States. In such event, transferred personal information will nonetheless be processed and held in accordance with the requirements of the applicable law in your place of residence.  If you are located in the UK, EEA or Switzerland please note that your personal information may be transferred outside of the UK, EEA or Switzerland. Your consent to this Privacy Policy together with your submission of personal information constitute your agreement to these transfers. Please see the
Privacy section for users from the EEA, UK and Switzerland
for further information.
X. Privacy section for users from the UK, EEA and Switzerland
By continuing to use our Apps you acknowledge that your data will be processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
A. Data Controller
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, cocone ONE corporation is the Data Controller of your personal information.
B. International transfers of personal data
Non-UK/EEA countries may not provide the same degree of protection for your personal data, may not give you the same rights in relation to your personal data and may not have a data protection supervisory authority to help you if you have any concerns about the processing of your personal data. However, when transferring your personal data (that originates from the UK, EEA or Switzerland) outside the UK, EEA or Switzerland, we will comply with our legal and regulatory obligations in relation to your personal data, including having a lawful basis for transferring personal data and putting appropriate safeguards in place to ensure an adequate level of protection for the personal data. We will take reasonable steps to ensure the security of your personal data in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
When transferring your personal data outside the UK, EEA or Switzerland, we will, where required by applicable law, implement at least one of the safeguards set out below. Please contact us if you would like further information on the specific mechanisms used by us when transferring your personal data outside the UK, EEA or Switzerland.
・Adequacy decisions: We may transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission and/or the UK/Swiss Government (as applicable).
・Model clauses: Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission and/or the UK/Swiss Government which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe, Switzerland and/or the UK.
C. Rights of EEA Residents
If you are accessing or using the Apps from within the UK, EEA or Switzerland you may have the following rights under the GDPR (as well as other rights). If you wish to exercise any of these rights, you may do so by contacting us as provided  (a) in Section XVII below, or (b) otherwise in this Privacy Policy.
・Right of Access:  You have the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether or not we process personal information from you and you also have the right to at any time obtain access to your personal information stored by us.
・Right to Correction of your Personal Information:  If we process your personal information, we use reasonable measures to ensure that your personal information is accurate and up-to-date for the purposes for which your personal information was collected.  If your personal information is inaccurate or incomplete, you have the right to require us to correct it.
・Right to Deletion of your Personal Information or Right to Restriction of Processing:  You may have the right to require us to delete your personal information or to restrict of processing of your personal information.
・Right to Withdraw your Consent:  If you have given your consent to the processing of your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on the consent before the withdrawal.
・Right to Data Portability:  You may have the right to receive personal information concerning you and which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to transmit this data to another controller.
・Right to Object:  You may have the right to object to the processing of your personal information as further specified in this Privacy Policy.
・Right not to be subject to automated decision making and profiling: You have the right not to be subject to a decision when it is based on automatic processing, including profiling, if it produces a legal effect or similarly significantly affects you, unless such profiling is necessary for the entering into, or the performance of, a contract between you and us.
・Right to Lodge a Complaint with Supervisory Authority:  You have the right to lodge a complaint with your relevant data protection supervisory authority located in the European Union.  If you are located in the EEA, further information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available on the
website of the European Commission
. If you are located in the UK the regulatory authority is the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”). Contact details for the ICO can be found on its website at
https://ico.org.uk.
D. If you fail to provide your personal data
Where we are required by law to collect your personal data, or we need to collect your personal data under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that personal data when we request it, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you. This may apply where you do not provide the personal data we need in order to provide the Apps or to process an application to register an account. In these circumstances, we may have to cancel your application or the provision of the relevant Apps to you, in which case we will notify you.
XI. Your California Privacy Rights
A. Shine the Light
If you are a resident of California, USA resident and user of one of the Apps, you have specific rights regarding our handling of your “personal information” as specifically defined in California’s “Shine the Light” law (Cal. Civil Code Section § 1798.83). This law permits users of our Apps who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to the email address provided in the “Contacting Cocone” Section XVII below or write us at the address provided in the “Contacting Cocone” Section XVII below.
Within thirty (30) days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. A request may be made no more than once per calendar year and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through the email address and mailing address above.
B. Your Rights Concerning California Personal Information
You have certain rights in connection with the collection of your personal information as a resident of California. You may exercise the following rights regarding your personal information, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
1. The
right to know
the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, and disclose about you; the categories of sources from which we collected personal information about you; our purposes for collecting or selling personal information about you; the categories of personal data about you that we have either sold or disclosed for a business purpose; and the categories of third parties with which we have shared personal data.
2. The
right to request deletion
of your personal information we have collected and retained about you.  We may deny your request for deletion if retaining the information is necessary for us or our affiliates to:
a. Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information and provide the service that you requested;
b. Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
c. Comply with legal obligations; or
d. Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
3. The
right to correct inaccurate personal information
. Upon verifying the validity of a verifiable consumer correction request, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct your personal information as directed, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of maintaining your personal information.
4. The
right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information
. As the terms are defined under the California Privacy Rights Act (the “CPRA”), we do not sell your personal data.
5. The
right To Opt-out of sharing of your personal information
. As the terms are defined under the CPRA, we do not share your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.
To make such a request, please send an email to the email address provided in the “Contacting Cocone” Section XVII below or write us at the address provided in the “Contacting Cocone” Section XVII below.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights above.
You may designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf by designating such an agent in writing. We may require the agent to provide us with proof that you have authorized the agent to make requests on your behalf prior to accepting requests from the agent.
We do not have actual knowledge that we sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
XII. Your Virginia Privacy Rights
If you are a Virginia resident, you have certain rights under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (the “VCDPA”). These include the right to (i) confirm whether or not a controller is processing the personal information and to access such personal information; (ii) correct inaccuracies in the personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information; (iii) delete personal information; (iv) obtain a copy of the personal information that was previously provided to us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another controller without hindrance, where the processing is carried out by automated means; and (v) opt out of the processing of the personal information for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal information, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer.
If you wish to exercise your rights under the VCDPA, please contact us by email at the email address provided in the “Contacting Cocone” Section XVII below. If we refuse to take action on the request, you may appeal by sending an email to us at the email address above. You may submit a complaint to the Attorney General at
https://www.oag.state.va.us/consumercomplaintform
.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights under the VCDPA above.
XIII. Your Connecticut Privacy Rights
If you are a Connecticut resident, you have certain rights under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (the “CTDPA”). These include the right to (i) know and see what personal information we have collected; (ii) request that we delete the personal information we have collected, subject to applicable legal exceptions; (iii) request that we correct inaccurate personal information; and (iv) opt-out of targeted advertising and the sale of personal information as defined under the CTDPA.
As the terms are defined under the CTDPA, we do not sell personal information.
If you wish to exercise your rights under the CTDPA, please contact us by email at the email address provided in the “Contacting Cocone” Section XVII below.  If we refuse to take action on the request, you may appeal by sending an email to us at the email address above.
You may designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf by designating such an agent in writing.  We may require the agent to provide us with proof that you have authorized the agent to make requests on your behalf prior to accepting requests from the agent.
XIV. Your Colorado Privacy Rights
If you are a Colorado resident, you have certain rights under the Colorado Privacy Act (the “CPA”).  These include the right to (i) know and see what personal information we have collected; (ii) request that we delete the personal information we have collected, subject to applicable legal exceptions; (iii) request that we correct inaccurate personal information; and (iv) opt-out of targeted advertising and the sale of your personal information as defined under the CPA.
As the terms are defined under the CPA, we do not sell personal information.
If you wish to exercise your rights under the CPA, please contact us by email at the email address provided in the “Contacting Cocone” Section XVII below.  If we refuse to take action on the request, you may appeal by sending an email to us at the email address above.
You may designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf by designating such an agent in writing.  We may require the agent to provide us with proof that you have authorized the agent to make requests on your behalf prior to accepting requests from the agent.
XV. Your Utah Privacy Rights
If you are a Utah resident, you have certain rights under the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (the “UCPA”).  These include the right to (i) know and see what personal information we have collected;
(ii) request that we delete the personal information we have collected, subject to applicable legal exceptions; and (iii) opt-out of targeted advertising as defined under the UCPA.
As the terms are defined under the UCPA, we do not sell personal information.
If you wish to exercise your rights under the UCPA, please contact us by email at the email address provided in the “Contacting Cocone” Section XVII below.  If we refuse to take action on the request, you may appeal by sending an email to us at the email address above.
XVI.  Privacy section for users from the Republic of Korea
We provide the Apps and web services around the world.  In accordance with the precedents in the Republic of Korea, personal information includes the user ID and account password you set on the Apps.
One of the subsidiaries of cocone ONE corporation, Cocone M Corporation, may share personal information with our affiliates and/or third parties, including entities located outside of the Republic of Korea, on prior notice for the following purposes:
・To support the operation of the Apps; and
・To support the customer support services.
Personal information that Cocone M Corporation shares shall be used, processed, and stored in accordance with the purposes below.  We share personal information as follows:
Company
Overseas Country
Personal Information
Date and Method of transferring
Purpose of using personal information
Period of retention and use
cocone ONE corporation (privacy@cocone.co.jp)
Japan
Username, account password, IP address, information to check double registration
Completion of registration, via dedicated network
Operation of the Apps, providing other related services
Until the withdrawal of users from the Apps and termination of providing the Apps
Zendesk, Inc. (privacy@zendesk.com)
United States
Username, account password, IP address, information to check double registration
Real-time transmission when users use the Apps, via dedicated network
Collection of user inquiries and notice management
Until the withdrawal of users from the Apps and termination of providing the Apps
Amazon Web Service Inc. (
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
)
United States
Username, account password, date of birth, name, email address, cookies, IP address, information to check double registration, Information on legal representative (name, e-mail address, information to check double registration)
Real-time transmission when users use the Apps, via dedicated network
Operation of the Apps, providing other related services
Until the withdrawal of users from the Apps and termination of providing the Apps
XVII. Contacting Cocone
If you have any questions, inquires, requests, comments or complaints concerning this Privacy Policy or our information practices, please contact us below.
You are using:
Contact Information:
Hello Sweet Days
Hello Kitty Dream Village (English version)
cocone ONE corporation
Email:
(ja)
support@sweetdays.zendesk.com
(en)
support_en@sweetdaysgl.zendesk.com
Address: 3-1-18 Wakabayashi, Setagaya-ku, Tokyo 154-0023, Japan
Livly Island
cocone corporation
Email:
support@livly.zendesk.com
Address:  3-1-18 Wakabayashi, Setagaya-ku, Tokyo 154-0023, Japan
Livly Island (Korea)
cocone corporation
Email:
livly-kor-support@cocone.co.jp
Address:  3-1-18 Wakabayashi, Setagaya-ku, Tokyo 154-0023, Japan
Pocket twin
cocone corporation
Email:
pockettwin-support@cocone.co.jp
Address:  3-1-18 Wakabayashi, Setagaya-ku, Tokyo 154-0023, Japan
Pocket mini
cocone corporation
Email:
pomi_support@cocone-m.com
Address:  3-1-18 Wakabayashi, Setagaya-ku, Tokyo 154-0023, Japan
AlterEgo City
Cocone Xenon Inc.
Email:
support@centennial-city.zendesk.com
Address: 115 Broadway 3rd Fl. Room#146, New York, NY 10006, USA
Purenista M: Dress-up & Chat
cocone v corporation
Email:
support@purenistam.com
Address: 3-1-2 Higashihie Hakata-ku, Fukuoka-shi, Fukuoka-ken 812-0007, Japan
VIVIBUDS
cocone corporation
Email:
support@vivibuds.com
Address: 3-1-18 Wakabayashi, Setagaya-ku, Tokyo 154-0023, Japan
XVIII.  Standards Against Child Sexual Abuse and Exploitation
Cocone does not allow users to create or post contents or engage in activities that sexually exploit, abuse or endanger children. We report all identified instances of sexual exploitation, abuse or endangerment of a minor to the appropriate regional authority.
Cocone also prohibits users from posting or sharing any pornographic content such as photos, videos, illustrations, images and computer-generated imagery, including those that depict a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct.
Users are prohibited from posting content or engaging in interactions or activities that depict, encourage or promote sexual abuse and exploitation of children, including real human children as well as non-real depictions of children such as avatars, characters or other forms of art or AI-generated content.
Examples of child sexual abuse and exploitation that are prohibited include:
・Inappropriate interaction targeted at a child such as groping or caressing.
・Child grooming, such as befriending a child online to facilitate, either online or offline, sexual contact and/or exchanging sexual imagery with that child.
・Sexualization of a minor, such as imagery that depicts, encourages or promotes the sexual abuse of children or the portrayal of children in a manner that could result in the sexual exploitation of children.
・Sextortion, such as threatening or blackmailing a child by using real or alleged access to a child’s intimate images.
・Trafficking of a child, such as advertising or solicitation of a child for commercial sexual exploitation.
Users are also prohibited from posting content or engaging in interactions or activities that depict, encourage or promote excessive violence, blood and gore, harmful and dangerous activities as well as negative body or self-image.
Users should report any inappropriate content they encounter through
ml_child_safety@cocone.co.jp
HOME
COCONE GLOBAL PRIVACY POLICY