MY MAZDA App PRIVACY POLICY
Please visit your regional Mazda Website.
ASIA PACIFIC
JAPAN
Australia
NORTH AND SOUTH AMERICA
U.S.A
CANADA (English)
CANADA (French)
EUROPE
Mazda Europe’s Website
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.mazda.com/en/privacy/:
HOME
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
Personal Information Protection Policy
Mazda will appropriately protect the personal information of customers, business partners, employees and other relevant parties in accordance with laws and regulations concerning the protection of personal information and the following basic policy:
Mazda will establish internal rules concerning the handling of personal information to be observed by all persons working at Mazda, and will ensure that these rules are implemented and followed.
Mazda will establish the post of Personal Information Management Officer and provide　education for Mazda employees (including officers, employees, part-time staff and temporary employees) and other relevant parties.
Mazda will acquire personal information through appropriate means. When acquiring personal information, Mazda will either personally notify the person concerned of its purpose of use and Mazda’s inquiries desk contact details or disclose that information on our website or by other means where the purpose of use can be easily understood.
Only those persons authorized to handle personal information at Mazda will use such personal information within the scope of the purpose of use conveyed to the individual concerned or publicly disclosed, and will do so within the required scope of handling.
When providing personal information to a third party, Mazda will take necessary legal measures including obtaining the consent of any individual whose personal information is concerned.
If Mazda outsources business involving personal information, Mazda will take necessary legal measures including selecting an appropriate outsourcee and undertaking appropriate required supervision of the business.
Upon receiving a request for disclosure, correction, cessation of use or deletion of personal information in its possession, Mazda will respond appropriately in accordance with laws and regulations after confirming that the request was from the individual concerned.
Mazda will take reasonable security measures for the prevention of unauthorized access, loss, damage, tampering, and leaking, etc. of personal information, and will endeavor to make continuous improvements.
Masahiro Moro,
Representative Director, President and CEO
Acquisition and Use of Personal Information
When acquiring personal information, Mazda will publicly disclose or give notice of the purpose of its use, and will acquire the information through appropriate means. Furthermore, Mazda will use the personal information it acquires only when necessary to achieve the following purpose of use.
Purpose of Use
To provide information and to respond to inquiries and requests about products, services and corporate activities, etc.,
To undertake product planning, development, promotions, sales and service activities, quality improvement and recall measures,
To conduct questionnaire surveys necessary for product planning, development, and consideration of measures for improving customer satisfaction,
To manage various events, community activities, social activities, and campaigns, and to conduct various communications and dispatch products necessary for these,
To fulfill obligations to shareholders under the Companies Act, comply with various laws and regulations, provide convenience to shareholders, or implement various measures for building relationships with shareholders,
To contact, negotiate with, fulfill or request the fulfillment of contracts with business partners, or to implement various measures for building relationships with business partners,
To undertake employment screening and related procedures, and to respond to inquiries and requests,
To perform work entrusted to Mazda,
To achieve the purpose of use permitted under the Act on the Protection of Personal Information and other laws and regulations, and
To achieve the purpose of use specified at the time of acquisition of personal information, or the purpose of use agreed on by the person concerned subsequent to the acquisition of that person’s personal information.
Note 1. Personal information Mazda acquires includes audio, image and video information.
Note 2. Personal information that Mazda acquires may be information Mazda acquires directly, or information Mazda acquires indirectly from its affiliates or business partners.
Third Party Provision
Mazda will not provide personal data it acquires to any third party without the prior consent of the individual concerned except in the following cases:
When disclosure is required to protect the life, person or property of an individual, and obtaining consent of the person concerned is difficult,
When disclosure of personal information is required by law, or
When disclosure is otherwise required by law.
Joint Use of Personal Information
Mazda may jointly use personal data within the scope necessary to achieve the purpose of use specified in "Acquisition and Use of Personal Information."
Jointly used personal data
Information about attributes (address, phone number, email address, name, date of birth, place of employment, etc.)
Information concerning services and products used (usage status of dealers, vehicle registration certificate information, etc.)
Other (details of various inquiries, requests, consultation, etc.)
Scope of joint users
Dealers that conclude distributorship agreements with Mazda for Mazda products, Mazda’s affiliate companies
Purpose of joint use
Purpose of use stated in "Acquisition and Use of Personal Information”
Party responsible for managing jointly used personal data
Mazda Motor Corporation
Procedures for Disclosure, etc.
If you or your agent wishes to make a request for notification of the purpose of use, disclosure, correction, cessation of use, etc. of your personal data retained by Mazda, please contact or have your agent contact the following inquiries desk concerning procedures (including necessary documents, fees).
Inquiries Desk
Inquiries Concerning the Handling of Personal Information
Please contact our call center below for inquiries regarding Mazda’s handling of personal information. Contact the call center.
For inquiries concerning personal information provided to a Mazda dealership, please contact the personal information consultation desk of the dealership concerned.
Note 1. Our call center records your call to confirm what you have said, and uses caller identification to display your number in case we need to call you back.
Information we ask you to provide when using our website
We may ask you to provide personal information when you use our website. We will manage any personal information you provide at that time in accordance with this "Handling of Personal Information.” The personal information you provide includes not only the personal information you yourself input but also tracking information and cookies which are automatically collected when you use our website.
Use of Cookies
Cookie Settings
Our website uses cookies to enhance user convenience, improve and enhance the quality of our website, and deliver information such as Mazda ads. Cookies are a mechanism for storing data on the history of usage and input content sent and received between a browser and server as files on a user's computer when that user uses web pages. You can choose whether or not to allow cookies collect information by clicking
here
.　Cookies themselves do not contain information such as name, address, or telephone number but may be able to identify an individual when the information they contain is combined with other personal information. Even in such cases, Mazda will not provide any personal information to a third party without the prior consent of the person concerned.
*USE OF EXTERNAL SERVICES
Other
We reserve the right to review and revise as appropriate the content of the “Handling of Personal Information,” and will inform you of any and all changes we make.
Please note that the handling of personal information of persons who access this site from a country other than Japan will be in accordance with laws of Japan.
Please also note that our website may have links to other websites. We recommend that you check the privacy statements concerning the handling of personal information on those websites.
For requests and inquiries regarding the purpose of use, disclosure, etc. of personal information acquired by Mazda Hospital, please refer to the section "Handling of Personal Information" on the Mazda Hospital website.
Copyright Notice
All text, images, graphics, animation, videos, music, sounds and other materials on Site ("Materials") are subject to the copyrights and other intellectual property rights of Mazda, its affiliated companies and its licensors. Mazda owns the copyrights in the selection, coordination and arrangement of the Materials. Any of the Materials may be neither copied for commercial use or distribution nor modified or reposted to other sites.
Limited License
Site is provided by Mazda and may be used for informational purposes only. By using Site or downloading any of the Materials from Site, you agree to abide by the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to abide by these terms and conditions, do not use Site or download any of the Materials from Site.
Subject to your continued compliance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy, Mazda grants you, a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to access, use, display and listen to Site and the Materials thereon. You agree not to interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of Site in any way.
Mazda authorizes you to view and download the Materials at Site only for your personal, non-commercial use. This authorization is not a transfer of title in the Materials and copies of the Materials and is subject to the following restrictions: 1) you must retain, on all copies of the Materials downloaded, all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the Materials; 2) you may not modify the Materials in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose; and 3) you must not transfer the Materials to any other person unless you give them notice of, and they agree to accept, the obligations arising under these terms and conditions of use. Any reproduction or redistribution of the content is expressly prohibited. Without our permission, using copies of Site is prohibited. Site, including all Materials, is protected by worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions, whether or not a copyright notice is present on the Materials. You agree to comply with all copyright laws worldwide in your use of Site and to prevent any unauthorized copying of the Materials. Except as expressly provided herein, Mazda does not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, trademarks, copyrights.
Trademark Notice
All trademarks displayed on Site are subject to the trademark rights of Mazda Motor Corporation, its affiliated companies or its Licensors. These trademarks include, but are not limited to, vehicle model names (e.g. Mazda2, Mazda6, Mazdaspeed Axela, MPV, MX-5, Miata, RX-8), slogans, logos and emblems. The unauthorized use of any trademark displayed on Site is strictly prohibited.
HOME
PRIVACY POLICY
2025-02-07