Effective date: 7/29/22
Peace Through Understanding Foundation (“we”) maintains ‘The Holy Quran – English’ and ‘Quran – Urdu Translation’ apps (“Service”).
Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, safeguard and disclose information that results from your use of our Service.
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Types of data we collect
Purpose for collecting personal data:
we collect data to enable you to use our Service in a more convenient way. You may reject our access to your data at any time. In this case you won’t be able to use certain functions of our Service which are listed below.
Theme
List of data
Lawful basis and purpose
User’s data
Location data through the location data function on a mobile phone
Consent For calculating the prayers time and determining the Kaaba direction
Access data
Access to your Google / Apple ID identifier (email or phone number)
ConsentFor saving bookmarks and personal achievements
Technical data via Firebase analytics & Firebase crashlytics
IP address; device type; browser type; cookies; user-agent; user ID and data about your interaction with the website — session ID; etc.
Consent, Legitimate interest For better understanding of how the Service is used and for providing security features
Cookie Data
. We use cookies and similar tracking technologies (beacons, tags, and scripts) to track the activity on our Service.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device.
You can customize cookie tracking in your browsers.
However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies: we use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies: we use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies: we use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Advertising Cookies: Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
Limited purposes.
We use data you provide to us exclusively for the purposes listed above. If we develop any further purposes, we will notify you before starting any such processing, and you will have control of your data.
Retention of Data
We will retain and use your personal data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion policy to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers.
We may retain some technical data for internal analysis purposes. Technical data is generally retained for a shorter period, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.
Information retained for extended periods for limited purposes.
Sometimes business and legal requirements oblige us to retain certain information, for specific purposes, for an extended period.
Reasons we might retain some data for longer periods include: security, fraud & abuse prevention; financial record-keeping; complying with legal or regulatory requirements; ensuring the continuity of our services; direct communications.
Disclosure of Data
Disclosure for Law Enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities.
Business Transaction.
If we or our subsidiaries are involved in a merger, acquisition, or asset sale, your personal data may be transferred.
Service providers access.
We may disclose your data to third parties that we employ to facilitate our Service, provide services on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. Service providers are obligated not to disclose or use personal data for any other purpose.
Other cases.
We may disclose your information: to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it; to protect the rights of our company, our customers, or others; in any other cases with your consent. We may disclose your data to third parties that support our business.
Security of Data
The security of your data is important for us, but we can not guarantee absolute security as no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% safe.
Your Data Protection Rights
You have certain data protection rights, that include:
the right to access, update or delete the information we have on you;
the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete;
the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information;
the right to withdraw your consent at any time when we rely on your consent to process your personal information, etc.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your personal data.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that we do not operate.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. We strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of every site you visit.
Children’s Privacy
If we become aware that we have collected personal data from any person under the age of 18 (“Children”) without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will let you know about updates via email or a prominent notice on our Service before the changes become effective.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact us
You may contact us regarding the Service or this Privacy Policy via the app platform or by mail:
Peace Through Understanding Foundation
1501 S. MoPac Expy., Ste. 220
Austin, Texas 78746