Header_white
Table of Contents
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Introduction
About Us
About You
Personal Data in our Products
Documents
Scanner and File management
Fax
Cloud Backup
Data Received from Third Parties
Google Services APIs User Data
Duration of Personal Data Retention and Storage
Protection of your Personal Data
Privacy Notice Updates
Date Last Modified
Limitation of Liability
Terms of Service
Introduction
These Terms of Service are effective on January 1, 2020 for all
              customers agreeing to these Terms of Service.
In these Terms of Service (hereafter “Agreement” or “Terms”),
              “we”, “us”, “our”,or “ifunplay” will refer collectively to
              IFUNPLAY CO., LTD. and its affiliates. The terms “user” and “you”
              and “your” and “Customer” will refer to you. To be eligible to
              register for a customer account in order to use the Services, you
              must review and accept these Terms. If you are registering for a
              customer account in order to use the Services on behalf of an
              organization, then you are agreeing to these Terms for that
              organization and promising to Twilio that you have the authority
              to bind that organization to these Terms (and, in which case, the
              terms “user” or “you” and “your” or “Customer” will refer to that
              organization). The exception to this is if that organization has a
              separate written agreement with Twilio covering the use of the
              Services, in which case that agreement will govern such use.
Customer Agrees NOT to Use the Services in the Following
              Prohibited Ways
Using the Services in a manner that is or otherwise encourages
                (a) any illegal, fraudulent, or abusive activities or (b)
                materially interfering with the business or activities of
                ifunplay or harms other ifunplay customers.
Attempting to bypass or break any security mechanism on any of
                the Services or using the Services in any other manner that
                poses a material security or service risk to Twilio or any of
                its other customers.
Reverse-engineering the Services in order to find limitations,
                vulnerabilities, or evade filtering capabilities.
Launching or facilitating, whether intentionally or
                unintentionally, a denial of service attack on any of the
                Services or any other conduct that materially and adversely
                impacts the availability, reliability, or stability of the
                Services.
Transmitting any material, data, or content that contains
                viruses, Trojan horses, spyware, worms or any other malicious,
                harmful, or deleterious programs.
Using the Services in connection with unsolicited, unwanted, or
                harassing faxes.
Using the Services in a manner that generates inquiries from a
                law enforcement, government, or regulatory agency or triggers
                such an agency to request the suspension of the Services to
                Customer and/or Customer’s phone numbers.
Using the Services to transmit any material, data, or content
                that infringes the intellectual property rights or other rights
                of third parties.
Using the Services to transmit any material or content that is,
                facilitates, or encourages libelous, defamatory, discriminatory,
                or otherwise malicious or harmful speech or acts to any person
                or entity, including but not limited to hate speech, and any
                other material or content that ifunplay reasonably believes
                degrades, intimidates, incites violence against, or encourages
                prejudicial action against anyone based on age, gender, race,
                ethnicity, national origin, religion, sexual orientation,
                disability, geographic location or other protected category.
Creating a false identity or forged email address or header, or
                phone number, or otherwise attempting to mislead others as to
                the identity of the sender or the origin of a fax.
Using the ifunplay Services in any manner that causes a
                telecommunications provider to complain about such use to
                ifunplay or materially violates the following: (a) industry
                standards, policies and applicable guidelines published by (i)
                the CTIA (Cellular Telecommunications Industry Association),
                (ii) the Mobile Marketing Association, or (iii) any other
                generally recognized industry associations; (b)
                telecommunications provider guidelines and usage requirements as
                communicated in writing by ifunplay to Customer.
Attempt to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of our
                services (cloud backup / fax system) or network or breach any
                security or authentication measures.
Avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble or
                otherwise circumvent any technological measure implemented by
                ifunplay or any of ifunplay’s providers or any other third party
                (including another user) to protect the Services.
Attempt to access or search the Services or download Collective
                Content from the Services through the use of any engine,
                software, tool, agent, device or mechanism (including spiders,
                robots, crawlers, data mining tools or the like) other than the
                software and/or search agents provided by ifunplay or other
                generally available third party web browsers.
Attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer
                any of the software used to provide the Services.
Interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the access of any
                user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a
                virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing the
                Services.
Violate any applicable law or regulation.
If you violate any of the Terms of Service above, we may suspend
              or terminate your accounts.
Links to Third Party Websites or Resources
The Services and App may contain links to third-party websites or
              resources. We provide these links only as a convenience and are
              not responsible for the content or services on or available from
              those websites or resources or links displayed on such websites.
              You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk
              arising from, your use of any third-party websites or resources.
Termination
We may terminate your access to and use of the Services, at our
              sole discretion, at any time and without notice to you. You may
              cancel your Subscription with the App Provider directly. Upon any
              termination, discontinuation or cancellation of Services or your
              Account, all provisions of these Terms which by their nature
              should survive will survive, including, without limitation,
              ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, limitations of
              liability, and dispute resolution provisions.
Warranty Disclaimers
The Services and Content are provided "as is," without warranty of
              any kind. Without limiting the foregoing, we explicitly disclaim
              any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular
              purpose, quiet enjoyment or non-infringement and any warranties
              arising out of course of dealing or usage of trade.
We make no warranty that the Services will meet your requirements
              or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis.
              We make no warranty regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness,
              truthfulness, completeness or reliability of any Content.
Purchases
Fees
Our apps offer certain enhanced features of the Services, which
              you can purchase as a monthly or yearly ("Subscription"). A
              description of features associated with Subscriptions is available
              via the Services. When you purchase a Subscription (each, a
              "Transaction"), the app will charge your third party payment
              processing account, including, but not limited to, your account
              with the app store or distribution platform (Apple App Store)
              where the App is made available (each, an "App Provider"), for
              verification, pre-authorization and payment purposes. You may also
              bear additional charges that your App Provider, bank or other
              financial service provider may levy on you as well as any taxes or
              fees that may apply to your order. Your order is not binding on
              the app until accepted and confirmed by the app. All payments made
              are non-refundable and non-transferable except as expressly
              provided in these Terms.
If you have any concerns or objections regarding charges, you
              agree to raise them with us first and you agree not to cancel or
              reject any credit card or third party payment processing charges
              unless you have made a reasonable attempt at resolving the matter
              directly with us.
Subscriptions Automatically Renew Until You Cancel & How to Cancel
              Your Subscription
All amounts are payable and charged: (I) for one-off purchase
              (e.g. Fax), at the time you place your order; and (II) For monthly
              or yearly subscriptions, at the beginning of the subscription and,
              because each such subscription renews automatically for an
              additional period equal in length to the expiring subscription
              term until you cancel it, at the time of each renewal until you
              cancel, using the Payment Information you have provided. If you
              purchase your Subscription via an App Provider, you can cancel the
              renewal of your subscription at any time with the App Provider.
              You must cancel your monthly or yearly Subscription before it
              renews to avoid the billing of the fees for the next Subscription
              period. You will not receive a refund for the fees you already
              paid for your current subscription period and you will continue to
              receive the Services ordered until the end of your current
              Subscription period.
Changes to Price Terms for Subscriptions
You agree that we may change our pricing terms for Subscriptions
              at any time. In this case we will notify you before such changes
              become effective. Changes to the pricing terms will only apply for
              Subscription renewals after such changed pricing terms have been
              communicated to you. If you do not agree with the changes to the
              app’s pricing terms then you may choose not to renew your
              Subscription in accordance with the section "Subscriptions
              Automatically Renew Until You Cancel & How to Cancel Your
              Subscription."
Future Functionality
You agree that your purchases are not contingent on the delivery
              of any future functionality or features, or dependent on any oral
              or written public comments made by apps regarding future
              functionality or features.
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Doc Scan, Faster Scan, Scanner App, Doc OCR, or Doc Fax ("we,"
              "our," or "us") are committed to protecting your privacy.
When you use our services, you entrust us with your information;
              we understand this is a big responsibility. This privacy policy
              aims to help you understand what information we collect, why we
              collect it, how we use it, and what choices you have. By using our
              mobile applications and website or interacting with us otherwise,
              you accept and consent to the practices described in this Privacy
              Policy.
About Us
Our mission is to empower users with efficient tools that enhance
              productivity while ensuring the security and privacy of their
              personal information.
If you have any questions, you can always email us at
support@ifunplay.com
.
About You
You become our user when you download Doc Scan, Scanner App,
              Faster Scan, Doc OCR, or Doc Fax ("User"). We process the personal
              data we receive while implementing our apps, websites, and
              services. However, we want to assure you that we protect your
              data. This data will not be used for any other purposes. Notably,
              the information that we collect cannot be linked to your identity.
              Protecting your privacy is our top priority, and we implement
              measures to safeguard your data. Thank you for trusting us!
Personal Data in our Products
Documents
Your documents are only stored on your device. We do NOT retain or
              send any of your data to third parties unless you explicitly
              export the files to another app or back them up to a cloud storage
              service. Your privacy and security are our top priorities.
Scanner and File management
You can upload, create, and edit different kinds of documents and
              content. While using the scanning feature, we will request
              permission to access your camera or photos to scan the document.
              Rest assured, you have complete control over these permissions and
              can change them anytime in your device settings.
Fax
If you subscribe to the fax feature, we will collect additional
              information, such as a fax number, to provide you with the
              purchased services. We will not casually use the information you
              provide.
Cloud Backup
When you subscribe to our Silver or Gold plan, you can access our
              convenient cloud backup service. This feature allows you to
              securely upload your documents to our servers, either manually or
              automatically, ensuring that your essential data is readily
              available for restoration whenever you need it.
We assure you that your cloud backup data is treated with the
              utmost confidentiality. Access to this information is strictly
              limited to the app on your device or through manual login on our
              website using your account credentials.
Please note that backup data will be automatically deleted 30 days
              after your subscription expires. However, you retain the
              flexibility to delete your backups at any time.
Data Received from Third Parties
To provide better services, we integrate with third-party service
              APIs, which may require access to user data during app execution.
              However, we do NOT collect any information beyond what is
              necessary or use user data outside the app's operational scope.
The amount of data collected, the purposes, and the legal basis
              for processing are determined by the respective privacy documents
              of these parties.
Google Drive
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Dropbox
https://www.dropbox.com/privacy
OneDrive
https://www.microsoft.com/privacy
Box
https://www.box.com/legal/privacypolicy
Evernote
https://evernote.com/privacy/policy
WebDAV
https://schimera.com/webdav-nav-server-privacy-policy
Google Services APIs User Data
We must integrate with the Google Services APIs to provide better
              services, which inevitably require access to Google user data
              within the app runtime scope.
We didn’t retain user data obtained through Google Services APIs to developer, improve, or train generated AI and/or ML models.
What Google User Data We Access
Our apps require access to certain information to provide its
              functionality. Specifically, we access the following data:
User ID and Email: These are used solely for authentication and
                personalizing your experience within the app. We use your user
                ID and email address only for login and display purposes.
Folders & Files: Our apps access folders and files only
                according to your instructions. This means we can download
                files, upload files, create new files, delete files, overwrite
                files, email files, and print files per your instructions.
Usage of Google User Data
User ID and Email: These authenticate your account and display
                relevant information. We do not use this data for any other
                purposes.
Folders & Files: We only interact with folders and files within
                the app per your directives. This includes managing files based
                on your instructions and ensuring that operations such as
                download, upload, creation, deletion, overwriting, emailing, or
                printing are executed according to your requests.
Data Security
We do NOT collect any of the information mentioned above.
              Consequently, we cannot access or disclose Google user data to
              third parties. Additionally, we do not use Google user data
              outside the app runtime scope.
Duration of Personal Data Retention and Storage
The application will retain data as long as it is installed on a
              user's device or as long as is reasonably necessary to provide
              services to users.
Unless no shorter storage period is indicated in this privacy
              policy, we, in general, store Personal Data as long (i) as
              required for the provision of the Services to you and (ii) as it
              is necessary for the contractual relationship with you, after that
              only if and to the extent that we are obliged to do so by
              mandatory statutory retention obligations. Suppose we no longer
              require the respective Personal Data for the abovementioned
              purposes. In that case, such Personal Data will only be stored
              during the legal retention period and not processed for other
              purposes.
Protection of your Personal Data
We value the security of your Personal Data, but no method of
              transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is
              100% secure. While we strive to use technical and commercially
              acceptable means to protect your Data against manipulation,
              partial or complete loss, and unauthorized access by a third
              party, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
In case of a data breach or if we suspect a data breach, we will
              (i) use our best efforts to notify you promptly, where technically
              feasible, and (ii) cooperate with you to investigate and resolve
              the breach.
Privacy Notice Updates
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any
              reason. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly
              for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all
              changes. You can check the history of this policy by clicking
              here.
Date Last Modified
This Privacy Policy was last modified on October 16, 2024.
Limitation of Liability
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
              LAW, THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE
              SITE, SERVICES AND CONTENT THEREIN REMAINS WITH YOU.
NEITHER IFUNPLAY NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING,
              PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SITE, SERVICES OR IFUNPLAY CONTENT
              WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR
              CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR
              LOSS OF GOODWILL, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER DAMAGE OR SYSTEM
              FAILURE OR THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, ARISING
              OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR
              INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, SERVICES OR CONTENT THEREIN, WHETHER
              BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT
              LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT IFUNPLAY
              HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, EVEN IF A
              LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS
              ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT IFUNPLAY IS NOT LIABLE FOR THE
              DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD
              PARTIES AND THAT THE RISK OF INJURY FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS
              ENTIRELY WITH YOU. FURTHER, IFUNPLAY WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU
              OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY USER CONTENT OR THIRD-PARTY CONTENT
              UPLOADED ONTO OR DOWNLOADED FROM THE SITE OR THROUGH THE SERVICES.
              IN NO EVENT WILL IFUNPLAY'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR
              IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO
              USE THE SITE, SERVICES OR CONTENT THEREIN EXCEED ONE HUNDRED U.S.
              DOLLARS ($100).
THE LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL
              ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN IFUNPLAY AND YOUSOME
              JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF
              LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE
              LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Footer
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://www.dropbox.com/privacy:
Skip to main content
Products
Dropbox
Store, share, and access files across devices
Replay
Review and approve videos faster
Backup
Automatically back up your devices
Reclaim.ai
Schedule habits, tasks, and meetings with AI
Dash
Find, organize, and protect company content
DocSend
Send documents securely and track activity
Sign
Request and add signatures to documents
Early access
Preview new product experiences
Solutions
Teams
Sales
Marketing
HR
IT
Creatives
Use cases
Cloud storage
Video review
Signing documents
Sharing files
Industries
Construction
Technology
Manufacturing
Media
Professional services
Education
Enterprise
Pricing
Contact sales
Get app
Desktop app
Mobile app
Sign up
Log in
Get started
Products
Dropbox
Store, share, and access files across devices
Replay
Review and approve videos faster
Backup
Automatically back up your devices
Reclaim.ai
Schedule habits, tasks, and meetings with AI
Dash
Find, organize, and protect company content
DocSend
Send documents securely and track activity
Sign
Request and add signatures to documents
Early access
Preview new product experiences
Solutions
Teams
Sales
Marketing
HR
IT
Creatives
Use cases
Cloud storage
Video review
Signing documents
Sharing files
Industries
Construction
Technology
Manufacturing
Media
Professional services
Education
Enterprise
Pricing
Contact sales
Get app
Desktop app
Mobile app
English (United States)
Get started
Legal
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Business Agreement
DMCA Policy
Acceptable Use
Open Source
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Business Agreement
DMCA Policy
Acceptable Use
Open Source
If your organization signed a Dropbox Business, Dropbox Services, or Dropbox Enterprise Agreement with Dropbox, that Agreement may have modified the privacy policy below. Please
contact your organization’s Admin
for details.
Dropbox Privacy Policy
Posted: September 26, 2023
Effective: September 26, 2023
You can see the previous Privacy Policy
here
.
Thanks for using Dropbox! Here we describe how we collect, use, and handle your personal data when you use our websites, software, and services (“
Services
”). For more information and details, please see our
Frequently Asked Questions page
.
What & Why
We collect and use the following information to provide, improve, protect, and promote our Services.
Account information.
We collect, and associate with your account, the information you provide to us when you do things such as sign up for your account, upgrade to a paid plan, and set up two-factor authentication (like your name, email address, phone number, payment info, and physical address).
Your Stuff.
Our Services are designed as a simple and personalized way for you to store your files, documents, photos, comments, messages, and so on (“
Your Stuff
”), collaborate with others, and work across multiple devices and services. To make that possible, we store, process, and transmit Your Stuff as well as information related to it. This related information includes your
profile information
that makes it easier to collaborate and share Your Stuff with others, as well as things like the size of the file, the time it was uploaded, collaborators, and usage activity.
Contacts.
You may choose to give us access to your contacts to make it easy for you, and your Dropbox Team if you’re a Dropbox Team user, to do things like share and collaborate on Your Stuff, send messages, and invite others to use the Services. If you do, we’ll store those contacts on our servers.
Usage information.
We collect information related to how you use the Services, including actions you take in your account (like sharing, editing, viewing, creating and moving files or folders, and sending and receiving electronic signature requests and other transactions). We use this information to provide, improve, and promote our Services, and protect Dropbox users. Please refer to our
FAQ
for more information about how we use this usage information.
Device information.
We also collect information from and about the devices you use to access the Services. This includes things like IP addresses, the type of browser and device you use, the web page you visited before coming to our sites, and identifiers associated with your devices. Your devices (depending on their settings) may also transmit location information to the Services. For example, we use device information to detect abuse and identify and troubleshoot bugs.
Cookies and other technologies.
We use technologies like
cookies and pixel tags
to provide, improve, protect, and promote our Services. For example, cookies help us with things like remembering your username for your next visit, understanding how you are interacting with our Services, and improving them based on that information. You can set your browser to not accept cookies, but this may limit your ability to use the Services. If our systems receive a DNT:1 signal from your browser, we’ll respond to that signal as outlined
here
. We may also use third-party service providers that set cookies and similar technologies to promote Dropbox services. You can learn more about how cookies and similar technologies work, as well as how to opt out of the use of them for advertising purposes,
here
.
DocSend and Dropbox analytics.
When you use the DocSend or Dropbox analytics portion of our Services to view content, we collect information including your identifying and device information, such as email addresses, IP addresses, and device identifiers of devices you use to view the content. We also collect information on how you interact with the viewed content, such as the date and time you view the content, the number of times and length of time you view the content, and which portions of the content you view.
Marketing.
We give users the option to use some of our Services free of charge. These free Services are made possible by the fact that some users upgrade to one of our paid Services. If you register for our Services, we will, from time to time, send you information about upgrades when permissible. Users who receive these marketing materials can opt out at any time. If you don’t want to receive a particular type of marketing material from us, click the ‘unsubscribe’ link in the corresponding emails, or update your preferences in the
Notifications
section of your personal account.
We may also collect information from you if you interact with Dropbox representatives at an event, download marketing or educational materials from our website, or contact a Dropbox representative. We may use the information you provide to send you additional marketing materials.
We sometimes contact people who don’t have a Dropbox account. For recipients in the EU, we or a third party will obtain consent before reaching out. If you receive an email and no longer wish to be contacted by Dropbox, you can unsubscribe and remove yourself from our contact list via the message itself.
Bases for processing your data.
We collect and use the personal data described above in order to provide you with the Services in a reliable and secure manner. We also collect and use personal data for our legitimate business needs. To the extent we process your personal data for other purposes, we ask for your consent in advance or require that our partners obtain such consent. For more information on the lawful bases for processing your data, please see our
FAQ
.
For more details on the categories of personal information that are included in the information above, please see our
FAQ
.
With Whom
We may share information as discussed below, but we won’t sell it to advertisers or other third parties.
Others working for and with Dropbox.
Dropbox uses certain trusted third parties (for example, providers of customer support and IT services) for the business purposes of helping us provide, improve, protect, and promote our Services. These third parties will access your information to perform tasks on our behalf, and we’ll remain responsible for their handling of your information per our instructions. For a list of trusted third parties that we use to process your personal data and more details on the categories of personal information that we’ve disclosed, please see our
FAQ
.
Other Dropbox Companies.
Dropbox shares infrastructure, systems, and technology with other Dropbox Companies to provide, improve, protect, and promote Dropbox Company Services. We process your information across the Dropbox Companies for these purposes, as permitted by applicable law and in accordance with their terms and policies. For more information on Dropbox Companies, Dropbox Company Services, and how your data is used, please see our
FAQ
.
Other users.
Our Services are designed to help you collaborate with others. If you register your Dropbox account with an email address on a domain owned by your employer or organization, join a Dropbox Team, or collaborate with other Dropbox users, we may suggest you or your team as a potential collaborator to other users or teams. For example, if you interact with a person at a company, and that person frequently works with one of their coworkers, we may suggest you as a potential collaborator for that coworker. Collaborators and potential collaborators may see some of your basic information, like your name, Dropbox Team name, profile picture, device, email address, and usage information. This helps you sync up with teams you can join and helps other users share files and folders with you.
Certain features let you make additional information available to others. For example, if you view a file or folder shared from DocSend or Dropbox analytics, we will share your identifying information such as name and email address, information on the device you used to view the content, and for how long you viewed content and what portion of the content you viewed with the owner of the file or folder.
Other applications.
You can choose to connect your Dropbox account with third-party services––for example, via
Dropbox APIs
. By doing so, you’re enabling Dropbox and those third parties to exchange information about you and data in your account so that Dropbox and those third parties can provide, improve, protect, and promote their services. Please remember that third parties’ use of your information will be governed by their own privacy policies and terms of service.
Team Admins.
If you are a user of a Dropbox Team, your administrator may have the ability to access and control your Dropbox Team account. Please refer to your organization’s internal policies if you have questions about this. If you aren’t a Dropbox Team user but interact with a Dropbox Team user (for example, by joining a shared folder or accessing stuff shared by that user), members of that organization may be able to view information about you (such as your name, email address, and profile picture) and your interaction with the Dropbox Team user (such as your IP address). If you share Your Stuff with a Dropbox Team user, the administrator of the team account may have the ability to access and edit what you share.
Law & Order and the Public Interest.
We may disclose your information to third parties if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or appropriate government request; (b) protect any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud or abuse of Dropbox or our users; (d) protect Dropbox’s rights, property, safety, or interest; or (e) perform a task carried out in the public interest.
Stewardship of your data is critical to us and a responsibility that we embrace. We believe that your data should receive the same legal protections regardless of whether it’s stored on our Services or on your home computer’s hard drive. We’ll abide by the following
Government Request Principles
when receiving, scrutinizing, and responding to government requests (including national security requests) for your data:
Be transparent
Fight blanket requests
Protect all users, and
Provide trusted services.
We publish a
Transparency Report
as part of our commitment to informing you about when and how governments ask us for information. This report details the types and numbers of requests we receive from law enforcement. We encourage you to review our
Government Request Principles
and
Transparency Report
for more detailed information on our approach and response to government requests.
How
Security.
We have a team dedicated to keeping your information secure and testing for vulnerabilities. We continue to work on features to keep your information safe in addition to things like two-factor authentication, encryption of files at rest, and alerts when new devices and apps are linked to your account. We deploy automated technologies to detect abusive behavior and content that may harm our Services, you, or other users.
User Controls.
You can access, amend, download, and delete your personal information by logging into your Dropbox account and going to your
account settings page
. Learn more
here
about managing your account information generally, or click
here
to learn how to change your
profile information
.
Retention.
When you sign up for an account with us, we’ll retain information you store on our Services for as long as your account exists or as long as we need it to provide you the Services. If you delete your account, we’ll initiate deletion of this information after 30 days. Learn more
here
. But please note: (1) there might be some latency in deleting this information from our servers and back-up storage; and (2) we may retain this information if necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements.
Use of Data from Google APIs.
Dropbox’s use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Where
Around the world.
To provide you with the Services, we may store, process, and transmit data in the United States and locations around the world—including those outside your country. Data may also be stored locally on the devices you use to access the Services.
Data Transfers.
When transferring data from the European Union, the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, Dropbox relies upon a variety of legal mechanisms, such as contracts with our customers and affiliates,
Standard Contractual Clauses
, the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the European Commission's
adequacy decisions
about certain countries, as applicable.
Data Privacy Frameworks.
Dropbox complies with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks, as well as the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the processing of personal data transferred from the European Union, the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the United States. Dropbox has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Principles of these Data Privacy Frameworks with respect to such data, but this does not include the DocSend or Formswift portions of the Services. If there is any conflict between this Privacy Policy and the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the Principles shall govern. In accordance with the Principles, Dropbox shall remain liable for onward transfers if a processor processes personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Principles. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework, and to view our certification, visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov
.
Dropbox is subject to oversight by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. JAMS is the US-based independent organization responsible for reviewing and resolving complaints about our Data Privacy Framework compliance—free of charge to you. We ask that you first submit any such complaints directly to us via
privacy@dropbox.com
. If you aren’t satisfied with our response, please contact JAMS at
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
. In the event your concern still isn’t addressed by JAMS, you may be entitled to a binding arbitration as set forth in Annex I of the Data Privacy Framework Principles.
Your Control and Access of Your Data
You have control over your personal data and how it’s collected, used, and shared. For example, you can:
Delete Your Stuff in your Dropbox account.
You can learn more about how to delete files saved on Dropbox
here
.
Change or correct personal data.
You can manage your account and the content contained in it, as well as edit some of your personal data, through your
account settings page
.
Access and take your data elsewhere.
You can access your personal data from your Dropbox account and you can download a copy of Your Stuff in a machine readable format as outlined
here
. You can also ask us for a copy of personal data you provided to us or that we’ve collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting it, the types of sources we got it from, and types of third parties we’ve shared it with.
Object to the processing of your personal data.
Depending on the processing activity, you can request that we stop or limit processing of your personal data.
If you would like to submit a data access request or object to the processing of your personal data, please email us at
privacy@dropbox.com
. To request that your personal data be deleted, please fill out this
form
. For more information on how to control and access your personal data, please see our
FAQ
.
Dropbox as controller or processor.
If you reside in North America (the United States, Canada, and Mexico), Dropbox, Inc. acts as your service provider. For all other users, Dropbox International Unlimited Company acts as a controller of your personal data. Outside of North America, if you are a Dropbox Team customer or use the Dropbox Sign or DocSend team portions of the Services, Dropbox acts as a processor of your data.
Changes
If we’re involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition, or sale of our assets, your data may be transferred as part of that deal. We’ll notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event.
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will post the most current version on our website. If a revision meaningfully reduces your rights, we will notify you.
Contact
Have questions or concerns about Dropbox, our Services, and privacy? Contact our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@dropbox.com
. If they can’t answer your question, you have the right to contact your local data protection supervisory authority.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.microsoft.com/privacy:
This is the Trace Id: c911f2768ff562e9973d1409f83ba73c
Privacy at Microsoft
Your data is private at work, at home, and on the go
Our commitment to privacy
We ground our privacy commitments in strong data governance practices, so you can trust that we'll protect the privacy and confidentiality of your data and will only use it in a way that's consistent with the reasons you provided it.
You control your information
We give you the ability to control your data, along with clear and meaningful choices over how your data is used.
Your data is protected
We rigorously protect your data using encryption and other security best practices.
You can expect privacy by design
We design our products with a core commitment to uphold user privacy.
We stand up for your rights
We fight for stronger privacy laws and protections, and will protect your rights if a government request is made for data.
Discover and control your data
Privacy is at the center of how we build the products and services that customers use every day. See privacy resources and controls below where you can manage your data and how it is used.
Visit your privacy dashboard
The privacy dashboard is where you can manage your privacy settings and manage your data for your Microsoft account.
Account check-up
The account check-up wizard is a tool where you can review your account safety settings to strengthen your online security.
Find your privacy controls
Learn how to find your privacy settings and other related information in Microsoft products and services.
Data protection for your business
For enterprise and business customers, IT admins, or anyone using Microsoft products at work, visit the Microsoft Trust Center to get information about privacy and security practices in our products and services.
Microsoft Trust Center
Learn more about privacy at Microsoft
Learn more about Privacy at Microsoft and how we put our privacy principles into practice in the following links and resources.
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us. The privacy statement explains the personal data Microsoft processes, how Microsoft processes it, and for what purposes.
Privacy for Young People
Privacy for young people is a page where young users can learn about and understand Microsoft's privacy practices and how to use our products in a way that protects their privacy. This page also highlights topics that may be helpful for parents and guardians.
Privacy Report
The privacy report includes new developments in privacy at Microsoft. Find the latest information on what personal data we collect, how it may be used, and how you can manage and control your data.
Privacy Frequently Asked Questions
Do you have a question about Microsoft privacy? We explain how customers can export or delete personal data and more in the Privacy FAQs.
Microsoft Corporate Social Responsibility
Learn more about how Microsoft approaches building a more inclusive, equitable, sustainable, and trusted future for everyone, and how technology can and must benefit the future of humanity and our planet.
U.S. State Data Privacy Notice
If you are in the U.S, please see our U.S State Data Privacy Notice.
What's new?
Check out the latest articles, blog posts, and news from Microsoft about protecting your privacy at home and at work.
GDPR and generative AI - a guide for the public sector
This whitepaper offers practical support for public sector organizations as they consider generative AI services such as Copilot for Microsoft 365 and Azure OpenAI Service. Discover how public sector organizations can harness the power of generative AI while complying with their obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Protecting the data of our commercial and public sector customers in the AI era
Learn more about Microsoft’s commitment to protecting the data of our commercial and public sector customers and how our approach to AI is built on a foundation of privacy across all our AI products and solutions.
Enhancing trust and protecting privacy in the AI era
Discover how Microsoft’s privacy commitments apply to AI and how Microsoft empowers customers to use new AI technologies while advancing trust and protecting privacy.
Microsoft Cloud enables customers to keep personal data within the European Data Boundary
Microsoft’s EU Data Boundary enables customers to store and process their data within the EU. Read about the latest enhancements and new features building on prior progress.
Contact our team
If you have a privacy concern, request or question,
please contact us
Sub-policy 3
https://www.box.com/legal/privacypolicy:
English (US)
English (US)
English (UK/Europe)
English (Canada)
English (Australia)
English (India)
English (Netherlands)
English (Sweden)
Français
Deutsch
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Spanish
Polski
Box Privacy Notice
Overview
Changes to This Notice
Regional Information
Collection of Information
Use of Information
Sharing and Disclosure of Information
Your Personal Information Choices
Protection of Personal Information
Our Policy Toward Children
Contacting Us
Overview
Changes to This Notice
Regional Information
Collection of Information
Use of Information
Sharing and Disclosure of Information
Your Personal Information Choices
Protection of Personal Information
Our Policy Toward Children
Contacting Us
We collect certain information in the following ways:
Information You Provide
We collect information directly from you when you: Register with Box for an account, create or modify your profile and account, access and use the Box Services (including but not limited to when you upload, download, collaborate on or share files or other information), use features of the Box Services, participate in a survey, contest, promotion, sweepstakes, activity or event, make a purchase, request customer support, or communicate with us via third-party social media. We also store the files or other information that you upload or provide to the Box Services (“Content”) in order to provide you with the Box Services.
The types of information we may collect directly from you include:
Your name;
User name;
Email address;
Your picture;
Postal address;
Phone number;
Information about your data storage preferences;
Employer’s name;
Job title;
Transactional information (including services purchased or subscribed to and billing address); as well as
Any contact or other information you choose to provide.
We also collect the information of third parties you provide to enable the use of certain functionality and features of the Box Service. For example, if you invite a user into the Box Service, we will collect the email address you provide in order to invite that user to collaborate on the Content you shared.
Information We Collect Automatically
Information We Collect Through Your Use of the Box Services
Usage Information:
We monitor user activity in connection with the Box Services and collect information about the applications and features you use, the Box websites you visit, the sizes and names of the files or folders you upload, download, share, or access while using the Box Services, the Content you access, and any actions taken in connection with the access and use of your information and Content in the Box Services.
Log Information:
We log information about you when you access and use the Box Services, including: Your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, access times, browser type and language, Internet Service Provider ("ISP"), the Box web pages that you visit, the Content you use, and the URL of the web page you visited before navigating to one of the Box Services.
Device Information:
We collect information about any device (e.g., computers, mobile devices, etc.) used to access Box Services, including: The hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information, or platform information. If you experience an error or crash in any of the Box Services, we may collect information (using first or third-party products) and logs from your device including information such as your device’s IP address, device name, operating system version, application configuration(s), the time and date, and other statistics. We collect your location-based information from your mobile device, with your consent, through our mobile apps to enable certain features and functionality. You can enable or disable this functionality in the Box mobile application settings.
Information Collected by Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies:
We (and the service providers working on our behalf) use various technologies to collect information. This may include saving cookies to your computer or mobile device. For information on what cookies are, which ones we use, why we use them, and how you can manage their use, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also obtain information from third party applications and combine that with other information we collect through the Box Services. Any access or restrictions that we may have to such information from such a third party is in accordance with the privacy notice and authorization procedures determined by that third party.
Your information may be used to perform a variety of purposes, such as:
Provide, operate, maintain, and improve the Box Services;
Enable you to access and use the Box Services, including uploading, downloading, collaborating on and sharing Content, and sending emails on your behalf;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Provide and deliver the services and features you request, process and complete transactions and send you related information, including purchase confirmations and invoices;
Respond to your comments, questions, and requests, and provide customer service and support;
Communicate with you about services, features, surveys, newsletters, offers, promotions, contests and events, and provide commercial content, other news, or information about Box and our select partners (including but not limited to via email, SMS text messaging, and/or in-app messaging);
Process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and rewards;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Box Services and for sales, marketing or advertising purposes;
Investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the Box Services, and other illegal activities;
Personalize and improve the Box Services, and provide Content, features, and/or advertisements that match your interests and preferences or otherwise customize your experience on the Box Services;
Send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you about events or activities related to the Box Services. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level. To ensure you receive proper notifications, we collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information;
Link or combine with other information we receive from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service; and
Enable you to collaborate on and share files with users you designate.
We may share information about you as follows:
Vendors, Consultants, and Other Service Providers:
We share information with third-party vendors, consultants, and other service providers who are working on our behalf and require access to your information to carry out that work, such as to process billing, provide customer support, etc. These service providers are authorized to use your information only as necessary to provide services to Box and/or Box Services.
We also share your information with third-party vendors to understand which areas and features of the Box Services are most popular and/or to improve the overall effectiveness of Box’s Services and features.  In addition, Box uses subprocessors for certain Box Services. For more information on Box’s subprocessors, please refer to our
Subprocessor Page
.
Business Account:
If you have an individual Box account and your account email domain is owned or managed by your employer or another organization, your employer or that organization may be provided with access to information relating to your account.
For Collaboration:
We share your information with third parties you choose when using collaboration or sharing features in the Box Services.  The personal information  we may share includes: your name, email address, information from your profile and online account (including your photo), and any Content you choose to share will be shared with such third parties, and such third parties may communicate with you (such as by posting comments or emailing you) in connection with your use of the collaboration features of the Box Services.
Third Party Applications:
Box provides you with opportunities to connect with third-party applications or services, such as through our Box application partner ecosystem or integration partners. If you choose to use any third-party applications or services, we share information about you including your username and any Content you choose to use in connection with those applications and services, and such third parties may contact you directly.
Note, this Privacy Notice does not apply to your use of such third-party applications and services, and we are not responsible for how those third parties collect, use, and disclose your information and Content. We encourage you to review the privacy notices of those third parties before connecting to or using their applications or services to learn more about their information and privacy practices.
Compliance with Laws:
We may disclose your information to a third party if (a) we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; (b) to enforce our agreements and policies with our users and customers; (c) to protect the security or integrity of the Box Services; (d) to protect Box, our users and customers, or the public from harm or illegal activities; (e) to respond to an emergency which we believe in the good faith requires us to disclose information to assist in preventing the death or serious bodily injury of any person, or (f) to any other third party with your prior consent.
Business Transfers:
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Aggregated or Anonymized Data:
We may also share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you with third parties.
Retention of Personal Information
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice and in order to provide you the Box Services, and for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will also retain your information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce of our agreements.
Account Information:
You may update, correct, or delete your personal information at any time by logging into your account and modifying your personal information or by emailing us at
privacy@box.com
. You may also submit an access request by emailing
privacy@box.com
, and Box will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your personal information. We will respond to your access request within 30 days.
Deactivating or Deleting Your Account:
If you have an individual Box account and wish to deactivate your account, please
check on Box Community for instructions
, but note that we may retain certain information, including cached or archived copies, as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. If you have an Organization Box account, please email your Box Services administrator appointed by your Organization for information regarding cancelling your account.
Collaboration and Sharing Features:
The Box Services offer collaboration and sharing features and support Box and third-party integrations, which allow you to share your Content or other information through the Box Services. You can set permissions and change your settings at any time for files and folders through your account. For more information about collaboration and sharing features and on how you can manage your permissions and defaults please see
Box Community
.
Community Forums and Blogs:
Some of our website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others.
To request removal of your personal information from our blog or testimonials, please submit a ticket with Contact Support on
Box Community
. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Cookies.
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies or to prompt you before accepting such a cookie. You also can directly opt out of certain third-party cookies. Please note that choosing to remove or reject certain cookies might adversely affect your use of Box Services. For more information about Box’s use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
Advertising:
You may opt out of personalized ads anytime by deleting your browser's cookies. In addition, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising from some third-party partners by visiting
http://optout.aboutads.info/
,
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
, or the third-party provider’s websites. Residents of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) please visit
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu
. For more information, please review our
Cookie Notice
.
Links to Third-Party Websites:
We may link to third-party websites in the Box Services. When you click on a link to a third-party website from our website, your activity and use on the linked website is governed by that website’s policies, not by those of Box. We encourage you to visit their websites and review their privacy and user policies.
Promotional and Newsletter Communications:
You may opt out of receiving promotional and newsletter emails from Box by following the opt-out instructions provided in those emails. If you have previously unsubscribed and are a U.S. user, you consent that you’re re-subscribing to receive commercial content by taking such actions like submitting a “Contact Us” form, registering for a Box event or webinar, downloading a Box resource, along with other activities. You may opt-out at any time by emailing
privacy@box.com
with your specific request or by visiting the Box preference management center
here
. If you opt out, we will still send you non-promotional communications, such as security alerts and notices related to your access to or use of the Box Services, or those about your online account or our ongoing business relations.
Sub-policy 4
https://evernote.com/privacy/policy:
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: March 20, 2024
If this Policy is translated into any language other than English, in the event of a conflict, the English language version shall govern to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws.
Return to Privacy Center
Introduction
We’re Bending Spoons S.p.A. (“we” or “us”), the parent company of Evernote Corporation (“Evernote”). With this privacy policy, we explain what information we collect, use, and disclose about you when you access or use Evernote websites and applications, which we refer to collectively as the Evernote Service (defined in the
Glossary
), contact the customer service team, engage with us on social media, or otherwise interact with us.
We provide this privacy policy in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 – General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”), the Italian Legislative Decree 196/2003 (as amended), and other applicable local laws, as amended or replaced (collectively, “
applicable privacy laws
”).
Please note, if you are an Individual Account user, you are both the Account Holder and End User of an Evernote Service account. If you use Evernote Teams, the Account Holder is the Customer who has contracted with Evernote as defined in the
Evernote Teams Agreement
and the End Users are the individuals whose user accounts are linked to that Evernote Teams account. You can find these and other defined terms used in this policy in the
Glossary
.
If you are an End User of an Evernote Teams account, please note that the Account Holder of your Evernote Teams account (such as your employer or organization) may have established its own rules regarding End Users’ access, use, disclosure, or retention of data stored in that account. Also note that while an Administrator of an Evernote Teams account has access to the End User accounts linked to that Evernote Teams account, an Administrator cannot access any other accounts that are not linked to the Evernote Teams account. You can find more information on how your individual Evernote Service account works with your Evernote Teams account by visiting
https://help.evernote.com/hc/articles/209005287
.
Although significant changes are rare, this policy may be amended as new features, technology, or legal requirements arise, so please check back from time to time. We’ll notify you if we make a significant change and, where required, seek your consent.
Who is the data controller and data protection officer?
Bending Spoons S.p.A.
is the data controller. We’re an Italian tech company based in Via Nino Bonnet 10, Milan, MI 20154. Our VAT number is 08931860962.
For any requests about how we use your personal data, you can email us at
privacy@evernote.com
or contact our
Data Protection Officer
at
dpo@bendingspoons.com
.
What data do we collect?
You can input, upload, or store in the Evernote Service any text, images, and other data that you choose—we refer to that information as “Content”. We also collect the following types of personal data:
Basic subscriber information
. To open your account and process payments, we collect personal data like your email address and, depending on how you purchase a subscription to a Paid Service, your billing address and other payment information. We also may link your subscriber information with data we collect from our partners and other third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with a better experience. For example, if you create or log in to an Evernote account using your Google Apps credentials via single sign-on, we will have access to certain information such as your name and email address as authorized in your Google Apps profile settings.
Usage data.
We collect and log Internet or other electronic network information on how you and others access and use Evernote, for example, the act of creating a note or sharing a note. Usage data may be collected through cookies and similar technologies. For more information, including how to opt-out, visit our
Cookie Notice
.
Location information.
We collect the IP address you use to connect to the Evernote Service and — if you choose to share it — your location information from a mobile device.
Device information.
We collect information about the number and type of devices you use to connect to the Evernote Service, as well as information about the operating systems on those devices (e.g., iOS, Android, Windows) and the version of Evernote. For example, when you install, modify, or use an Evernote application we may collect personal data in order for the services to function properly, such as your device’s unique hardware identifiers (IMEI, SIM number, or other identifier). When you install, modify, or use an Evernote application, you may see permission requests or alerts regarding the device capabilities the application could potentially use.
In addition, we collect the following types of personal data when you use the Evernote Service:
Type of Information
Purpose
Your username, email address, and contact preferences
To create and support your Evernote Service account.
To communicate with you.
To enable other users to collaborate with you through Collaboration Features (such as shared notes and notebooks).
In accordance with your communication preferences, to send you information about Evernote features, products, and services that can enhance your use of the Evernote Service.
To verify your email address to help prevent spam, fraud, and abuse.
Your name, image, and other personal information, if you choose to share it
To display in your user profile, which may be visible to those with whom you share Content.
The geographic area from which your computing devices interact with the Evernote Service, your preferred language, and, if you select the option to share it, your mobile device location information
To localize your interaction with the Evernote Service by, for example, displaying web pages or user interfaces in your preferred language, showing you website content or pricing information appropriate to your location, and improving features like search by allowing you to filter results by location.
To help you monitor use of your account, we make recent IP address history available to you through your account settings.
To assist us in complying with legal restrictions that may limit the permissible use of the Evernote Service.
To enhance your Content with location information.
To help you discover relevant content.
Your device information
To show you (on your account’s Access History page) which of your devices you have authorized to access your Evernote Service account and when you last accessed the Evernote Service from each device.
To inform our product development and marketing efforts, including our advertising efforts as described on our
Cookie Information page
.
To allow you to redeem a promotional offer.
To provide account support.
Together with purchase information, to help us comply with export laws.
Your telephone number, if you choose to share it
To help prevent spam, fraud, and abuse.
To enable other users to communicate with you through Collaboration Features.
To show in your user profile, if you choose.
In accordance with your communication preferences, to send you information about Evernote features, products, and services that can enhance your use of the Evernote Service.
Your calendar information, only if you select the option to share it
To enhance your notes with calendar information.
To show you relevant Content to which you have access and to help you create and remind you of Content.
Actions you perform when using the Evernote Service (e.g., creating a note or sharing a note)
To administer the Evernote Service and to improve the features and usability of the Evernote Service.
To suggest Evernote features, products, and services that can enhance your use of the Evernote Service.
To provide account support.
Whether your account was created or referred through a reseller or other partner who helps distribute or promote Evernote accounts
To determine the amount of revenue share payments to make to partners with whom we might have such arrangements and to provide aggregated and/or anonymized revenue share reports. These partners could include resellers or distribution partners.
Your payment information, if you purchase a subscription
To process your payment.
Your photos
To enable you to use photo-related features such as adding a photo to a note via camera capture or on-device photos.
Your contacts
To auto-complete email addresses when you share Content.
To display photos of your Evernote contacts (from their Evernote profiles) when they are viewing shared items.
To save scanned business cards.
A record of the source website from which you save Content
If you use the Web Clipper browser extension or “Save to Evernote” button, to record in the note created by Web Clipper the source of the material you’ve chosen to clip (e.g., the URL) for your future reference. This source-recording functionality will not be affected by your browser’s do-not-track settings.
Please Note:
If you have installed Web Clipper, when you visit certain websites, Web Clipper may notify you of available integrations with the Evernote Service or about products, services, or features that we think will help you get more out of the Evernote Service. Web Clipper does not track or create a record of your browsing activity.
Additional information we collect in connection with Evernote Teams accounts:
Type of Information
Purpose
Email address of Account Holder and End Users
To create and support the Evernote Teams account.
To communicate with the Account Holder and End Users of the Evernote Teams account in accordance with communication preferences.
To enable Account Holder and End Users of an Evernote Teams account to use Collaboration Features.
To verify Account Holder’s and End Users’ email addresses to help prevent spam, fraud, and abuse.
Billing information (e.g., postal address, email address, and telephone number)
To communicate with the Billing Contact on the account and provide account support.
Employment-related personal information (e.g., your business title) – if you choose to share it
To display in your Evernote Teams account user profile, if you choose.
If you visit an Evernote website, we may also collect:
Type of Information
Purpose
Your name, company, email address, phone number, and other information you choose to share
To communicate with you, including to answer press or partnership inquiries.
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Please see our
Cookie Notice
Information we derive
We may derive information or associate categories with you based on the information we or our providers collect. For example, we may make a determination about your location based on your IP address.
How do we use your data?
We have specific rules for how and when we use the personal data we collect. We are committed to protecting the privacy of your personal data. We use the personal data we collect to:
Perform and personalize the Services.
We use your personal data to provide you the Evernote Service, including to process transactions with you. We use a number of technologies to help you get the most out of the Evernote Service. Our systems automatically analyze your data to power Evernote features and to continually improve the Evernote Service for you in a way that does not require anyone to look at your Content. This may include, for example:
- Making sure you find what you’re looking for when you search your account.
- Showing you information most relevant to how you are or could be using the Evernote Service at a specific time or location.
- Suggesting actions for you to take based on information you’ve stored.
- Suggesting Evernote Service features or products to you that we think will help you get the most out of the Evernote Service.
- For Evernote Teams users, recommending people for you to collaborate with.
These activities are based on the contract we have with you (Article 6.1.b GDPR).
Maintain and improve the Services.
To provide troubleshooting and customer support, the Customer Support team may need to access your personal data, such as your account email address and information about the Evernote application you are using, subject to the protections described below. We may also use your personal data to improve the Evernote Service such as debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality, conducting research for technological development and demonstration, and analyzing information to maintain or enhance the quality or safety of the Services. We will not use your Input or Output from an AI Feature (as defined in the
Supplemental Terms
) to train our artificial intelligence models or tools unless you direct us to do so.
The activities performed for customer support are based on the contract we have with you (Article 6.1.b GDPR). When you give customer support permission to access your Content, these activities are based on your consent (Article 6.1.a GDPR). The activities performed for troubleshooting, debugging, and service improvement are based on our legitimate interest to ensure the quality and the proper functioning of the services and improve the products (Article 6.1.f GDPR).
Protect against security threats, abuse, and illegal activity.
As part of our efforts to protect your account and the functionality of the Evernote Service, our systems may analyze the emails you send to and from your Evernote account and the notes you share to detect spam, malware, or other potential security concerns. If we determine that such material constitutes a
Terms of Service
or
User Guidelines
violation, we may block delivery of or unshare the problematic material, much like a spam filter works for your email inbox.
These activities are based on our legitimate interest to ensure the quality and the safety of the services (Article 6.1.f GDPR).
Learn more
about steps you can take to protect your account, such as using strong passwords, two-step verification, and encryption.
Communicate with you.
We use your personal data to communicate with you in order to send important Service messages such as administrative messages, technical notices, or security alerts. If we learn of a security system breach, we may attempt to notify you and provide information on protective steps, if available, through the email address, phone number, or other contact information that you have provided to us or by posting a notice on the Evernote website and/or via other communication platforms. Depending on where you live, you may have a right to receive such notices in writing.
This activity is based on the contract we have with you (Article 6.1.b GDPR).
Comply with laws.
We also use information to satisfy applicable laws or regulations, and disclose information in response to legal process or enforceable government requests, including to law enforcement. For more information, please visit the section “How do we respond to legal requests for my information?” of this Privacy Policy.
When this activity is required by a specific legal obligation, your personal data may be used to the extent required to comply with the legal obligation itself (Article 6.1.c GDPR). When the applicable law leaves some discretion in assessing the appropriate way to comply with it, your personal data is used based on our legitimate interest to prove our compliance (Article 6.1.f GDPR).
Market, promote, and maximize your engagement with the Services.
In accordance with your communication preferences, we may use your personal data to send you promotional communications that may be of specific interest to you, such as information about new products and features, tips for using the Evernote Service, special offers, and information about how Evernote works with products and services from our business partners. These communications are aimed at maximizing what you get out of the Evernote Service. You may unsubscribe from promotional communications at any time by following the instructions provided in emails. You may also log in to your
account settings
and go to Personal Settings to change your contact preferences. You can change your in-app notification preferences through your device settings. You will continue to receive essential Evernote Service-related and account-related information (such as notification that your paid subscription is about to expire), even if you unsubscribe from promotional emails or turn off in-app notifications. Evernote Teams users will also continue to receive a daily summary of activity associated with their Teams account. In addition, we may display ads about our Services, including on other companies’ websites and applications, which may be informed by audits of interactions (like counting ad impressions).
These activities are based on your consent (Article 6.1.a GDPR). However, when we use your email to send you information about products and services related to or similar to the Evernote service (“soft opt-in”), the legal basis is our legitimate interest (Article 6.1.f GDPR).
Protect our interests and rights.
We use information where required by law or where we believe it is necessary to establish, exercise, or defend our rights and those of our employees, or to carry out corporate transactions or operations. For example, in the event of a merger, sale, or reorganization of all or part of our business, personal data covered by this policy may be transferred in connection with that deal.
This activity is based on our legitimate interest to establish, exercise, or defend our rights, and to carry out corporate transactions or operations (Article 6.1.f GDPR).
Would someone at Evernote ever view your Content?
You have control over who sees your Content. We limit the use of your Content to make sure that no one at Evernote can view it unless you expressly give us permission or it’s necessary to comply with our legal obligations. Specifically:
To help refine or improve the technology, we may ask you for permission to review portions of your Content. For example, if a new feature suggests related notes that are relevant to your Content, we may give you an opportunity to provide us feedback on how well the feature is performing along with a sample of the Content in question, so we can make sure this feature provides appropriately tailored suggestions. Such access to your Content is done only with your express permission and is subject to strict confidentiality rules and data access controls. Choosing to give us such permission is completely voluntary.
If you contact our Customer Support team for help with specific pieces of Content in your account (for example, if you can’t find a note you believe should be in your account), we may ask for your temporary permission to look at your Content. This permission terminates when the issue is resolved. If you send Evernote a help request and choose to attach application activity logs, please note that such logs may contain Content (for example, the title of a note or notebook). You may edit Content out of your activity logs before you send them to us.
If we become aware of a potential violation of the
Terms of Service
or
User Guidelines
, we may suspend or close your account until the problematic material is removed. Under such a circumstance, we would only look at the Content in your account if you give us consent or if necessary to comply with our legal obligations, including to protect the safety of you or any other person.
This policy is not intended to apply to our use of aggregated, de-identified, or anonymized data.
How do we disclose your data?
We are not in the business of selling or renting your personal data. Here are instances when we may disclose your personal data — and then only the minimum information necessary:
We disclose your personal data with our service providers who process data on our behalf, such as credit card processors and customer management systems. We require these providers to agree to strict data protection requirements in keeping with our privacy policy standards and our obligations under “applicable privacy laws. We do not share your personal data with any third parties for their own advertising purposes. For example, our service providers help us:
- Operate, develop, and improve the features and functionality of the Evernote Service.
- Complete your payment transactions.
- Fulfill your sales and support requests.
- Communicate with you as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
If you purchase a Paid Service from a reseller, we may need to disclose limited personal data with the reseller to ensure accuracy in payment, account management, and delivery of services to you.
Your Content is private unless you decide you want to share it. You may choose to share using public links or through any of the Evernote Service’s features that allow you to share or collaborate on Content (“Collaboration Features”). We may need to take steps to facilitate your collaboration. There are features in the Evernote Service that allow you to publish and share some of your notes and notebooks publicly, but these are optional. Any information that you post in these locations, or in the user forum, can be read, collected, and used by anyone and could enable others to send you unsolicited messages. You determine whether to post personal or otherwise sensitive information to publicly accessible areas of the Evernote site, so you should carefully consider how you use the Service. We are not responsible for any publication or use of any information you choose to post in these locations.
- When you use Collaboration Features, people you share with may see your user profile. If you have not added any profile information, then you will be identified by the email address associated with your Evernote Service account. If you are an Evernote Teams user, other members of your Evernote Teams account will see your full Evernote Teams account profile. Evernote Service users who are not in your Evernote Teams account will only see your profile name and image.
- In addition, when you use Collaboration Features, the information you share is no longer private to you. For example, by publishing or sharing any portion of your Content, you may be enabling each recipient of the shared material to access, use, display, perform, distribute, and modify that material.
- Depending on the permission levels you set when sharing Content, anyone who has access to the shared material may be able to see the Content, information about where and when the Content was created, as well as the history, tags, and reminders associated with the Content.
- You can use a variety of third-party services and applications that interact with the Evernote Service, and you should review the access rights you provide to those services or applications, as you may enable them to access or extract your Content through your agreements with those parties.
In the event of a merger, sale, or reorganization of all or part of our business, personal data covered by this policy may be transferred in connection with that deal.
We may disclose personal data covered by this policy with our parents, subsidiaries, and affiliated companies.
We also may disclose personal data about you to third parties whenever you consent to or direct such sharing. This includes, for example, if you connect your Evernote account with a third-party app in the App Center. We work with a number of third-party applications and services. In some cases, we will partner with another company to provide an integration. If you connect your Evernote account to these third-party services, you may be giving the partner access to some or all of your data, including, in some cases, your Content. Providing such access is entirely voluntary, and you’ll receive notice and must agree to such access before it is granted. Please consider your selection of such applications and services, and your permissions, carefully. We encourage you to review each party’s contract terms and privacy policy.
How do we respond to legal requests for your data?
We vigilantly protect the privacy of your account. We will not disclose your personal data to law enforcement or other governmental authorities unless we believe it is required to comply with warrants, court orders, subpoenas, or other lawful government requests. This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of Italy where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards of due process.
We narrowly interpret all information requests, and we only disclose Content in your account that is specifically responsive to a government warrant or where you have provided your explicit consent. In accordance with our
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities page
, we will notify you if we believe we are compelled to comply with a third party’s legal demand for your information, and we routinely push back on government orders to delay user notice that we view as overly broad.
In addition, in rare cases, we may share your personal data as necessary to investigate or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or potential threats against persons, property or the systems on which we operate the Evernote Service, or as otherwise necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
How can you manage the data we store?
In most cases, you can manage your information simply by logging into your account and editing your information directly within the Evernote Service. You can access your notes and notebooks from your Evernote account and export them at any time, as explained
here
.
If you prefer, you can contact us at
privacy@evernote.com
to ask us to provide access to, correct, update, or delete your personal data. Residents of certain regions may have additional or different rights in your personal data. Please see our
Region-Specific
section for more information.
How long do we store your data?
We make the Content you store within the Evernote Service readily accessible to you, until you make the decision to delete it. If you delete your Content and then sync, it will no longer be accessible to you or others who may access the Evernote Service. The Evernote Service’s back-up systems may retain residual copies of your deleted Content for up to one year due to the nature of those systems’ operations.
The Evernote Service provides you with features that allow you to communicate and collaborate with other users. Deleting your copy of these communications (such as messages) won't delete copies existing in the accounts of people with whom you were interacting.
For users who are inactive for extended periods of time, we may close your account to satisfy our obligations under applicable law, and in accordance with our data retention policy. If that happens, we will try to notify you before taking any action.
Our retention of your personal data is based upon several factors, including the length of time necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, to make the Evernote Service available to you, to demonstrate that we have fulfilled our business and legal duties and obligations and contractual commitments, or as instructed by you, unless a longer period is required or permitted by law. For example, we retain personal data processed for customer support purposes or to provide the Evernote Service for a maximum of three (3) years from your most recent interaction with the Evernote Service, or from the expiration of your subscription, and we retain personal data processed for compliance with legal obligations for a maximum of five (5) years from your most recent interaction with the Evernote Service, or from the expiration of your subscription. If you access the Evernote Service after your subscription has expired, the retention period starts from this most recent interaction. Specific legal obligations might require different retention periods and, in such cases, those different periods will apply. Upon the expiry of the data retention period, the data is either deleted or anonymized.
What happens if you want to stop using the Evernote Service?
As described above, you can delete your Content at any time, and you can stop using the Evernote Service at any time. You may also export your notes at any time, as explained
here
.
What happens if we close your account?
If we deactivate your account due to a violation of our Terms of Service, then you may contact us to request deletion of your Content, and we will evaluate such requests on a case-by-case basis, pursuant to our legal obligations.
Where do we store your data?
When you use Evernote Software on your computing device, such as by using one of our downloadable applications, some of your data will be stored locally on that device.
When you sync your computing device with the Evernote Service, that data will be replicated on servers maintained in the United States. This means that if you store information in or submit data to the Evernote website or Evernote Software and sync such Evernote Software with the Evernote Service, you acknowledge your personal data will be transmitted to, hosted, and accessed in the United States.
Data privacy laws or regulations in your home country may differ from, or be more protective than, those in the United States. We will collect, store, and use your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable privacy laws, wherever it is processed.
Other information
Are children allowed to use the Evernote Service?
The Evernote Service is designed for adults; we do not intend to collect personal data from children under the age of 16. If we learn we have collected personal data from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at
privacy@evernote.com
.
How do we respond to Do Not Track signals?
Do Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user. At this time, we do not currently respond to or otherwise take action in response to web browser "do not track" signals. For information about Do Not Track, visit
www.allaboutdnt.org
.
How can you contact us?
We welcome your feedback regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have questions, comments, or concerns about this Policy, please contact us by email at
privacy@evernote.com
.
Privacy Center
Privacy Policy
Region-Specific Information
3 Laws of Data Protection
Cookie Notice
Transparency Report
Vendors
We value your privacy
Continue without accepting
We value your privacy. We use cookies that are are essential for the website to function properly or to produce aggregated statistics. With your consent, we and our third-party partners use cookies for personalized ads or to improve your website experience.
To give your consent, tap “Accept all cookies”. Alternatively, you can customize your cookie settings by tapping “Customize preferences“ or accessing “Cookie Preferences” at any time. If you prefer that we only use essential cookies and those required for aggregated statistics, tap “Continue without accepting” in the top-right corner. For more information, see our
Cookie Notice
.
Customize preferences
Accept all cookies
Sub-policy 5
https://schimera.com/webdav-nav-server-privacy-policy:
WebDAV Nav Server Privacy Policy
This document clarifies how user data and any sensitive information is handled within the application.
User Provided Information
When you use the Application, you generally provide a folder location, a username and password. This information is stored in encrypted form locally on the device on which the Application is installed and is never relayed back to Schimera Pty Ltd
If errors occur while using the Application, an error log may be logged to the device filesystem, but it is not automatically sent to Schimera Pty Ltd for review.
This error log contains anonymous data, such as hardware information, operating system version and any error description that may help identify the problem. This is the only form of user provided information Schimera Pty Ltd has access to if the report is sent to Apple.
Permissions
NETWORK
The app is a WebDAV server that listens on a user defined port for incoming connections from the local network.
Users that connect can read/write files within the shared folder locations
STORAGE
The application shares one or more local folders on the Mac via the WebDAV protocol. Using a WebDAV client the user can read, modify and delete files in the folder they have selected.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at privacy@schimera.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavour provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy at  https://www.schimera.com/privacypolicy/. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at privacy@schimera.com