Time remaining
6
:
53
Personal Data Policy
We Respect Your Privacy
At Ticketek* the security of personal information that we collect is of utmost importance to us.
You can find information about how we handle and manage your personal information in this Privacy Policy. Our aim is to provide this information to you in an open and transparent manner, so that you can make informed decisions about your dealings with us. However, if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or how we manage your personal information, please contact our
Privacy Officer
. This Privacy Policy also provides information about how you can seek access to and correction of the personal information that we hold about you.
We may update or revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. You can find the most current version on our website (www.ticketek.com.au) or ask our
Privacy Officer
for a copy.
What kinds of personal information does Ticketek collect and hold?
The kinds of personal information that we collect will vary depending upon our interaction with you but may include:
your name, address and other contact details (like your telephone number);
your email address;
your date of birth;
your gender;
transaction details relating to any purchase(s) that you have made with us or that have been made on your behalf;
credit card details, if you make a purchase with us or choose to have these stored in your online My Ticketek account to make the checkout process faster;
your My Ticketek username;
any preferences that you select; and
any other personal information which may be required in order to facilitate your dealings with us.
How does Ticketek collect personal information?
Generally, we collect personal information when you:
make a purchase through our network which includes our website, mobile site, Ticketek App, call centre, group bookings department, Privilege Club, national agency network or box offices;
register as a My Ticketek member via our website, mobile site or Ticketek App;
purchase or renew your membership of a sporting club to which we supply membership services;
participate in a Ticketek survey, competition, promotion or other marketing campaign;
indicate that you wish to receive news, offers or other marketing material from Ticketek;
sign up to a waitlist or an event
use certain features accessible from the Ticketek App;
make an inquiry or a complaint;
have other dealings with us, for example, via social media or in person, over the phone or when you write to us.
In certain circumstances, we may also collect personal information about you in the course of combining and analysing different data sets which, in and of themselves, may not contain personal information.
Sometimes we collect personal information about you from other sources, for example:
our related companies which include TEG Insights Pty Ltd (formerly TEG Rewards Pty Ltd)
people making a purchase on your behalf;
our business clients such as venues, promoters and sporting clubs; or
third party suppliers and contractors who assist us to operate our business, such as:
information technology suppliers
marketing and digital services suppliers
research and development organisations
data partners
analytics consultants; and
publicly available sources of information
Also, from time to time Ticketek collects personal information about individuals who are not customers. This is usually where we collect the name and business contact details of a person who is the contact in a government agency or company with whom we deal. Ticketek's policy is to only use personal information collected from non-customers for the main business purpose for which it was collected.
How does Ticketek hold personal information?
Ticketek may hold your personal information in electronic or hard copy format or a combination of both. This personal information may be combined or linked with other information held about, or which we attribute to, you, including:
information (personal or otherwise) that we collect from our website and mobile site (as described below in relation to "Cookies, Tracking and Advertising") or from third parties; and
personal information we receive from our group companies and client businesses, who, in common with us, have a relationship with you and where we understand that you have consented to such group companies and client businesses sharing your personal information with us.
We have taken a number of physical, electronic and procedural steps to protect your personal information from misuse, interference, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
Ticketek protects the personal information it collects in a secure database stored by our third party data storage provider. It is in proprietary data format, which can only be read using proprietary tools.
Data collected online is stored in a Microsoft SQL database; a protected, secure data centre that is unreachable by the internet. Ticketek encrypts data sent from your computer to our systems during internet transactions. Ticketek also employs firewalls, intrusion detection systems and virus scanning tools to protect against unauthorised persons and viruses from entering our systems.
Ticketek employees are required, as a condition of their employment, to treat personal information held by Ticketek as confidential, and to maintain the confidentiality of that personal information. They are also required sign in and use a password when accessing Ticketek systems and to undertake training about how to manage personal information.
What are the purposes for which Ticketek may collect, hold, use and disclose personal information?
Generally, Ticketek only uses personal information for the primary purpose for which we have collected it, or for another closely related secondary purpose. Our potential uses of personal information which Ticketek collects (and for which you consent to us using your personal information for) may include:
to process and fulfil your orders for tickets (or other items) from us;
to contact you if there is an event cancellation or change in event details, or for the replacement of lost tickets;
to get a better understanding of you, your needs, your behaviours and how you interact with us in order to identify ways in which we can provide you with a better service, or enhance your experience of our website and mobile site or other services;
managing your dealings with us as a My Ticketek member;
so that we can promote our products and services to you and the products and services of third parties that we deal with;
to allow our related companies to promote their products and services to you and those of their partners;
so that venue operators and promoters of events for which you purchase tickets sponsors, sporting clubs, authorised ticket onsellers and resellers can use it for operational purposes;
detecting and preventing fraud and unauthorised ticket onselling;
for business research and development of new products and services, including for My Ticketek members and our business clients;
to facilitate the competitions, special offers and promotions that we or our partners run;
displaying content and advertising (including in relation to tickets and events) that is customised to your interests, preferences and experiences, including through online targeted marketing, data and audience matching and market segmentation activities;
verifying your identity;
so that we can respond to inquiries and complaint handling; and
for the conduct of data analytics and predicting trends;
marketing services in connection with the products and services we provide; and
to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations and enforce our legal rights.
Sometimes Ticketek will produce aggregated data. Ticketek may also receive aggregated data from its third party suppliers and contractors or business customers. This aggregated data does not identify individuals. Ticketek uses, and may combine, the aggregated data it produces and receives for research purposes and in connection with products and services we provide to our business clients.
From time to time, there may be other purposes for which we collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information.
        We will tell you about these at the point of collection.
Direct Marketing and Research
As set out above, Ticketek may use personal information about you for marketing and research purposes. However, you can manage your Ticketek communication preferences in a number of ways, eg within your My Ticketek account if you are an online customer; or by contacting our
Privacy Officer
. In addition, the marketing communications that we send to you may also contain information on how to unsubscribe from those communications.
You can also tell us at any time if you do not want us to disclose your details to other organisations such as our related companies or third parties for marketing purposes. To do this, you just need to contact our
Privacy Officer
.
Who might Ticketek disclose my personal information to?
Ticketek may disclose your personal information:
to venue operators and to promoters of events for which you purchase tickets. Ticketek discloses your personal information to such organisations for operational purposes and also because from time to time they may choose to provide you with information about their events by ordinary post. If you consent, these organisations may use this information to provide you with promotional and marketing material about their events via email. You may change your preference to receive email marketing at any time directly with the organisations which have obtained your information. If you do not have their details, you can contact Ticketek's
Privacy Officer
directly;
to sponsors, sporting clubs, authorised ticket onsellers and resellers who (unless they obtain a separate consent from you) use it for operational purposes only, for example, to provide you with additional information about the event or venue that you are attending; and
to other TEG Pty Limited (TEG) group companies and their contractors (such as data management providers). TEG group companies include TEG Live, TEG Insights, Eventopia and any entities that may in future become part of the TEG group of companies or in which TEG may have an interest. Ticketek may disclose your personal information to these entities for the purposes of, for example, ensuring that information collected is accurate, complete and up-to-date, producing anonymised and aggregated information for the benefit of other TEG companies, and enabling us and other TEG companies to better understand and meet your needs and interests.
to third party contractors and service providers who help us operate our business or provide a service to you. Ticketek may disclose your personal information to third party contractors and service providers who, for example, help us operate our computer systems, provide us with fraud prevention services, operate certain features accessible from our website such as the Adboost platform, send out our mail/email and clean collected data and who perform data analysis to group demographic attributes of individuals.
to Government bodies/instrumentalities or the Seller, in response to, or in anticipation of, a request for your personal information for the purposes of COVID-19 contact tracing or responding to COVID-19 related public health orders or directions. The contact tracing information which may be disclosed includes your full name, contact email and/or contact phone number and by purchasing your ticket, you are providing Ticketek with your permission to disclose such information for this purpose.
Otherwise, Ticketek will only disclose your personal information:
where we are required to do so by law;
if the disclosure is permitted under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth); or
if you have consented to the disclosure.
Does Ticketek disclose personal information to overseas recipients?
Some of the recipients to whom we disclose personal information may be located overseas, most likely in the Philippines and New Zealand although the countries where such recipients are located may vary. For example, from time to time we disclose personal information to our related company, Ticketek New Zealand Ltd
What happens if Ticketek does not collect my personal information?
Where it is lawful and practicable to do so, we will give you the option of not providing personal information, or of using a pseudonym, when you deal with Ticketek. For most events, you may be able to make a cash transaction at a Ticketek retail agency without providing personal information.
However, if we do not collect personal information about you at the point of sale or when you interact with us, this could impact the level of service we can provide to you, for example, we will not be able to contact you in the case of an event cancellation or venue change or we may not be able to properly respond to your inquiry or investigate your complaint or fully process your transaction.
Cookies, Tracking and Advertising
For each visitor to our website and mobile site, our server automatically recognises and stores the visitor's IP address. In addition, our website and mobile site use cookies. To enhance your experience when using our website or mobile site, these store information you have provided to us (such as your postcode, preferences, region and sign in username) to enable us to provide a more personalised service to you. If you use the 'Keep me signed in' feature during the My Ticketek 'sign in' process, the cookies will also store your sign in username. Our website and mobile site may also carry third party cookies, which automatically collect anonymous information from you, such as your demographics and interests. This information may be disclosed to third parties for the purpose of providing you, and others, with a more targeted ticket and event information and/or an enhanced advertising experience both on and off the Ticketek website or mobile site. Most web browsers are set by default to accept cookies. However, if you do not wish to receive any cookies you may either set your browser to prompt or refuse cookies, or you may
opt out of receiving personalised ads in this browser here
. Note that rejecting cookies will disable your browser from purchasing tickets from our website or mobile site. We also use cookies for measuring, collecting, analysing and reporting data from our website and in connection with general marketing and research services. This allows us to better understand our users and improve the layout and functionality of our website. This tracking is conducted in such a way to ensure the anonymity of visitors.
Sometimes our website or mobile site contains links to third party websites, for your convenience and information. When you access a non-Ticketek website, please understand that Ticketek is not responsible for the privacy practices of that site. We suggest that you review the privacy policies of each site you visit.
To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, Ticketek has relationships with other companies that we allow to place advertisements on our web pages. If you visit our website or mobile site, ad serving companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information about this, we suggest you refer to the privacy policies of Omniture (
www.omniture.com
), Double Click (
www.doubleclick.net
), Nielsen/NetRatings (
www.netratings.com
) and Google Analytics (
www.google.com.au/policies/privacy)
.
Access and Correction
Under the Australian Privacy Principles, you have a right to request access to the personal information that Ticketek holds about you and seek its correction. If you are a My Ticketek member, you are able to access or correct some of your personal information by logging onto our website (www.ticketek.com.au) or mobile site (m.ticketek.com.au). If you are not a My Ticketek member, so that your request reaches the right person, please send it to our
Privacy Officer
. Please include your contact details such as email address and telephone number and enclose a copy of a form of identification such as a current driver's licence or passport. We will not charge you for making such a request but will let you know if there is a cost for supplying you with access to or correcting the personal information. We aim to respond to requests for access or correction within 30 days. There are certain situations under the Australian Privacy Principles where we may refuse to provide you with access to or correct your personal information but we will always let you know in writing if this is the case.
Complaints and how to contact our Privacy Officer
Our
Privacy Officer
can be contacted by:
e-mail at
privacy@ticketek.com.au
facsimile
        on (02) 9266 4244
letter to GPO Box 1610, Sydney NSW 2001
If you feel that Ticketek is not complying with this Privacy Policy or the Australian Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), please put your concerns in writing and send them to our
Privacy Officer
by one of the methods set out above.
We will always endeavour to investigate your complaint and respond to you as soon as practicable after receipt, generally within 30 days. If you are not satisfied with our response, you may refer the matter to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Last updated 14 December 2020
*Ticketek means Ticketek Pty Ltd, ABN 92 010 129 110
We’d like to send you notifications about the latest events and offers.
Yes please!
Not right now
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com.au/policies/privacy:
