私隱政策
私隱政策的適用範圍
私隱政策內容涵蓋Price.com.hk（Price）如何處理收集或接收的個人資料，包括有關用戶瀏覽Price及使用本網站服務的資料。個人資料指可識別你身分的資料(如你的名字、地址、電郵地址或電話號碼)，及一般非公開的資料。
私隱政策不適用於並非由Price擁有或控制的公司政策，也不適用於並非由Price聘用或管理的人士。
資料收集及運用
在你登記領取Price帳戶、使用Price服務、瀏覽Price或某些Price商業夥伴的網頁或參加推廣計劃或有獎遊戲時，均會收集你的個人資 料。Price可以將你的個人資料與從商業夥伴或其他公司取得的資料結合。
當你在Price登記時，我們會問及你的姓名、電郵地址、出生日期、性別、職位、行業及個人興趣等；涉及某些Price服務時，我們可能會問及你的其他個人資料， 例如電話號碼、地址、身份証號碼及與你資產有關的資料。你成功在Price登記，並登入使用我們的服務後，我們便會知悉你的身分。
Price會自動從你瀏覽器上，接收並紀錄伺服器數值，包括互聯網協定位址 (IP地址)、Price cookie中的資料及你要求取讀的網頁紀錄。若你使用Price應用程式，我們亦會要求收集和使用你的定位資料和裝置標識來提供更合適你的個人化用戶體驗，例如顯示附近有提供產品報價的商戶或地標，以及讓第三方平台提供更合適的廣告。
Price會使用資料作以下一般用途：提供更適合你的廣告及網頁內容、為你提供你所要求的產品或服務、改善我們的服務、聯絡你、進行研究調查，及為公司或客戶提供不記名報告。
資訊共享及披露
Price不會租用、出售、或透露你的個人資料予他人或非附屬公司，除非已得到你的同意，或為向你提供你所要求的產品或服務、或在下列的情況下：
(1) 我們將資料提供予有誠信的或與Price有保密協定的合作夥伴；這些公司可能會用你的個人資料通知你有關Price或其夥伴的產品和服務資訊。然而， 這些公司並沒有分享這些資料的獨立權利。
(2) 我們回應傳票、 法庭傳令、 或法律程序、或為回應、制定或行使我們的法定權利或對索償作出辯護；
(3) 我們認為有必要分享有關資料以協助調查、 預防、 或就非法活動採取行動、 或就懷疑詐騙、或因事件涉及或威脅到任何人的人身安全、 以及在防止違反Price使用條款或違法之行為。
(4) 在收到有關方面按個人資料(私隱)條例第58條下提出的要求。
(5) 如果Price被其他公司收購或與之合併，我們會將您的有關資料移交。在此情況下，Price會在資料移交前通知你，並會受制於另一份私隱條款。
(6)按照你的設定，Price會於你的Price帳戶資料網頁內刊登你的個人資料，同時，Price亦會於某些情況下展示你的Price帳戶名稱。
Cookie
Price會到你的電腦設定並取用 cookie 。Price 會容許它們到你的電腦設定並取用cookie。其他公司將根據其自訂的私隱權保護政策，而並非本政策使用其 cookie。其他廣告商或公司是不能提取Price cookie的。
以下列出多種可能運用於本網站上不同類型的第三方 Cookie、網路信標以及類似技術，用作提供客製化的廣告行銷活動或其他相關資訊。
名稱
私隱政策
AppNexus
https://www.appnexus.com/en/company/privacy-policy
Criteo
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
Exelate (Nielsen)
https://www.nielsen.com/us/en/privacy-statement/exelate-privacy-policy/nielsen-marketing-cloud-privacy-notice.html
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/policy/cookies/
Google DoubleClick
https://policies.google.com/privacy
ID5
https://id5.io/platform-privacy-policy/
Lotame
https://www.lotame.com/about-lotame/privacy/lotames-products-services-privacy-policy/
Oath
https://policies.oath.com/us/en/oath/privacy/index.html
RedLotus
https://redlotus.com/privacy-policy/
Rubicon
https://rubiconproject.com/rubicon-project-yield-optimization-privacy-policy/
The Trade Desk
https://www.thetradedesk.com/general/privacy-policy
Vpon
https://www.vpon.com/en/privacy-policy/
Tencent Bugly
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/fc748b3d96224fdb825ea79e132c1a56
Apps Flyer
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/
我們與第三方合作提供目標廣告服務，該服務會根據你不時及在不同非聯屬網站的網上活動而定制（「按興趣顯示的廣告」）。該等第三方可能使用cookie及網絡信標收集有關你在我們網站活動的資料，並可能將其與你在其他非聯屬網站的活動資料結合。例如，第三方可能因應你曾經訪問我們的網站，而在非領航網站向你顯示有關領航服務的目標廣告。此外，我們的第三方廣告供應商可能使用有關閣下使用我們網站的資料，協助其根據你的一般網上活動向你顯示並非領航的廣告。
要選擇退出「按興趣顯示的廣告」和/或跨設備定位，請使用以下提供的方法在每個瀏覽器和每個設備上選擇退出：
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) –
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) –
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
Digital Advertising Alliance Canada (DAAC) –
http://youradchoices.ca/choices/
Digital Advertising Alliance EU (EDAA) –
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
請注意，退出「按興趣顯示的廣告」和跨設備定位並不意味著你將不再收到在線廣告。這確實意味著你選擇不使用上述提供的方法從其接收「按興趣顯示的廣告」或跨設備定位的第三方將不再在特定的Web瀏覽器或設備上按你的Web偏好和使用方式投放量身定制的廣告。
若要退出 Unified ID 2.0 請前往:
https://transparentadvertising.org/
若要退出 Yahoo ConnectID 請前往:
https://legal.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/dashboard/index.html
關於 LiveRamp
（只適用於來自美國的訪客）
當您使用本網站時，我們將與 LiveRamp Inc 及其集團公司（下稱 ‘LiveRamp’）共享我們收集到的與您相關的信息，例如您的電子郵件（以散列、去識別化的形式） 、IP 地址或與您的瀏覽器或操作系統相關的信息。LiveRamp 可能會在您的瀏覽器上使用 Cookie，將您的共享信息與他們線上和線下的營銷數據庫，以及廣告合作夥伴的數據庫進行匹配，以在您的瀏覽器和其他數據庫中的信息之間建立鏈接。我們將與 LiveRamp 共享您的電子郵件（以散列、去識別化的形式）、IP 地址或您的裝置標識，而讓 LiveRamp 在您的裝置和 LiveRamp 的數據庫之間建立鏈接。我們全球的合作夥伴可以共享此鏈接，以使和我們網站無關的第三方能在您在線瀏覽（例如跨設備、網絡、電子郵件、應用內等）期間提供基於興趣的內容或廣告。這些第三方反過來可能會將更多的受眾特徵或基於興趣的信息鏈接到您的瀏覽器。要退出 LiveRamp 的定向廣告，請點擊這裡（
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
）。
（只適用於來自非美國的訪客）
當您使用我們的網站時，我們與我們的合作夥伴LiveRamp Inc及其集團公司（合稱”鏈睿”）分享我們可能從您那裡收集到的信息。鏈睿的ATS（Authenticated Traffic Solutions）服務為人本廣告提供一個以隱私為中心同時透明的解決方案。ATS增強了發布商的可尋址性，同時為個人提供了可視性和控制力。ATS允許發布商將經同意的用戶數據與鏈睿IdentityLink進行實時匹配，從而在整個網際網路上實現對經認證的、無cookie的流量進行人本廣告。請點擊這裡（
https://liveramp.com/
）以瞭解鏈睿的更多信息。如果您希望選擇性退出，請點擊這裡（
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
）。
修改及刪除個人帳戶資料及喜好設定的權利
你可以
聯絡我們
提出更改或刪除帳戶資料的要求。部份帳戶資料或可能仍存留在歸檔記錄內，確保有關資料不會用作重複登記之用。
保密和安全
我們認為有合理需要與你聯絡為你提供產品或服務或因其他工作關係有合理需要的雇員才可得悉你的個人資料。
我們有一套實質的、電子化的及程序化的保安措施附合保護個人資料的規定，以保障您的個人資料。
取消訂閱電郵
Price會發送有關討論區更新、推廣或商業電郵予會員，當會員選擇接收商業或推廣電郵時，每一封電郵亦同時包含「取消訂閱」的功能。如閣下不再希望收到從Price發出的電郵，您可點擊每封電郵底部的「取消訂閱」鏈結，以更新並移除您在電郵數據庫上的個人資料。
私隱政策的修訂
Price可以不時修訂本私隱政策。如果我們在使用個人資料的規定上作出大修改的話，我們會在網頁上當眼的位置張貼告示，通知你有關修訂。
查詢及建議
如有任何查詢及建議，歡迎與本公司客戶服務部聯絡。
聯絡資訊：
PRICE.COM.HK LIMITED
地址：觀塘駿業街64號南益商業中心11/F
電話：3998 4517
電郵：
cs@price.com.hk
網站：
www.price.com.hk
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.appnexus.com/en/company/privacy-policy:
Page not found
Oops! We weren't able to find your Azure Front Door Service
          configuration. If it's a new configuration that you recently created,
          it might not be ready yet. You should check again in a few minutes. If
          the problem persists, please contact Azure support.
Try again
Contact support
Documentation
Sub-policy 1
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/:
What does 2025 have in store for retail media? Check out the new “10 Trends” report.
Download the report
Platform
Back
Back
Platform
Advertising & monetization for marketers and media owners
Commerce Media Platform
The connected commerce media environment for the open internet
Commerce Growth
For marketers & agencies looking for automated acquisition & retention
Commerce Max
For brands & agencies looking for retail media on the open internet
Commerce Grid
For media owners, agencies, and retailers looking to connect media and commerce with programmatic
Commerce Yield
For retailers, marketplaces & commerce companies looking to control, scale, and maximize digital asset monetization
Back
Technology
Commerce-focused tech that maximizes outcomes
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
AI Engine
Removes the guesswork to save time and reach your KPIs
Predictive Bidding
Bids based on the predicted value of each user to save you money
Product Recommendations
Intent-based recommendations that drive more sales
Shopper Graph
Connects shopper IDs & commerce data to scale and optimize your campaigns
Solutions
Back
Back
Performance Media
Digital advertising solutions for every stage of the shopper journey
Customer Acquisition
Reach new people who are likely interested in you but don't know you yet
Customer Retention
Increase customer lifetime value from people who already know you
Dynamic Retargeting
Increase conversions from people who know you with personalized product ads
Audiences
Find and keep your next top customer with the largest commerce dataset
Video Advertising
Drive discovery and engagement with online video
Contextual Advertising
Level up your targeting by combining commerce data and contextual data
Back
Retail Media
Activation & monetization solutions for brands, agencies, and retailers
Retail Media
Reach and convert shoppers with relevant ads near the digital point of sale
Resources
Back
Back
General
Insights, education, Criteo updates, and more
Resource Center
Reports, guides, webinars, and more to inform your ad strategy
Blog
Fresh insights on commerce media and digital advertising
Success Stories
How others have realized their goals by partnering with Criteo
Consumer Trends
The latest consumer data for 20 countries and 600+ product categories
Glossary
Definitions of the most common digital advertising terminology
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
Help Center
FAQs, guides, and more to help you maximize your Criteo campaigns
Events
See where Criteo will be next
Back
Creative Formats
Ad formats and a gallery of real-world ad examples
Digital Ad Formats
Explore our ad formats for video, adaptive, rich media, and more
Ad Gallery
Real-world examples for a variety of formats, verticals, and regions
Dynamic Creative Optimization+
Real-time creative decisioning that scales to make sure your ads are seen
About
Back
Back
About
Company
Get to know Criteo
Investors
Information for investors
In the News
Press releases and mentions
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Our DEI pillars, goals, and more
Sustainability
Our approach for a sustainable future
Product Ethics
How we ensure ethical advertising
Trust Center
Our ad ethics, privacy, and security practices
Careers
Explore open opportunities
Search for:
Search
Select your Language
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Polski
Português
Pусский
한국어
中文
日本語
English
My Account
Contact Sales
Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
Disable Criteo services on Internet browsers
Disable Criteo services on mobile applications
How we use your data
How Criteo services work across environments
Your rights
Our partners
CCPA Privacy Policy
Welcome! This is where you can learn about Criteo, the technologies and services we offer to our partners, and our data collection and privacy policies.
Disable Criteo services
Our activity
Criteo helps brands, e-commerce sites and other advertisers (“Advertisers”) promote their products and services. We do that by enabling Advertisers to tailor their campaigns and/or offers to audiences that they want to reach with content that they wish to promote, which in turns means that you may receive advertising that may be of interest to you on the websites, mobile applications and other platforms of our partners (the “Publishers” or “Partners”).
How do our services work?
Criteo does not use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc.
When you browse an Advertiser’s website or mobile application that uses our technologies, that technology allows us to collect a limited amount of data relating to your browsing, such as the products you have viewed, put in your shopping cart and purchased.
Find out more about the type of data collected by Criteo
. This navigation data is linked to a unique identifier, namely an identification cookie or any other similar technology (such as mobile advertising identifiers and non-cookie technologies) depending on your navigation environment.
When you browse a Publisher’s website or mobile application that also uses our technologies, the Publisher notifies us, either directly or through an advertiser exchange, that an advertising space is available to offer you personalized advertising. The Criteo technology, working with our Advertisers, then may decide to purchase that advertising space.
The advertising you see from our partners when using our technology is based on our recommendation algorithms.
Practical example
Here is one way our technology allows us to provide you with ads that may be of interest to you:
When users visit an Advertiser website using our technologies, data relating to their browsing events are collected.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
The user with the cookie identifier 123f94d8-a745-4f8b-a1d0-bf6fbbd60058 (let’s name it “Criteo ID 123” for convenience) viewed product A on 01/01/2018 at 13:37 while browsing www.example-advertiser.com.
Our technologies compare these data with the aggregated data available on the Advertiser’s website.
Example of aggregated data available:
In general, users who purchased Product A on www.example-advertiser.com also purchased Product B on this website
In general, Product C is popular on this website
When users browse a Publisher website, we are informed of the availability of advertising spaces.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
An advertising space with the following characteristics (size, visibility, etc.) is available on www.example-publisher.com that the Criteo ID 123 is about to browse
Then our algorithms determine the relevance for buying the advertising space and displaying a personalized ad on it.
Example of decision that would be taken by Criteo: Buy the advertising space available on www.example-publisher.com and display an ad featuring the following products:
Product A, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 showed interest in it during a recent session
Product B, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 is likely to be interested in this product since he/she has viewed product A during a recent session
Product C, because this product is popular.
If you disable Criteo services, we will not display any personalized ads to you. On the other hand, the advertising space may be purchased by another company to display personalized or non-personalized ads. If you want to disable Criteo services,
click here
.
Please note that the use of our technologies on our partners’ websites and mobile applications is governed by their privacy policies, which can be accessed directly from their websites and/or mobile applications. We require them to provide you with complete and appropriate information and, to the extent required by law, to obtain your consent before any of your personal information is available to us.
Our technologies are able to work in a similar fashion:
on a webpage by relying on cookies, which are supported by most web browsers;
on a mobile application by relying on the mobile advertising ID provided by mobile operating system vendors (e. g. Google and Apple);
on an browser which default settings limit the use of third-party cookies and inter-site tracking, such as Safari, if you provide consent for our services to co-exist with these default settings;
and in a transversal way between the different environments listed above. Find out more about
how our services work from one environment to another (“cross-device linking”)
.
In order to provide you with ads that are better tailored to your interests, we may receive and process audience and segments information derived from the data you accepted to share with trusted third party partners. These partners may send us information regarding your shopping habits (e.g. interested in clothing, furniture or electronics), the points of interest that are near you based on non-precise geolocation information (e.g. stores that are geographically close to you) or the products you have been purchasing in a brick and mortar store of the advertisers that are using our services to manage their online marketing campaigns. In such case, Criteo will only process geolocation information and identifiers (such as cookie IDs and Mobile Advertising IDs) that do not allow us to know who you are.
We believe that the personalization of ads is beneficial to you and the Internet ecosystem in that it contributes to the promotion of a free and open Internet by allowing Publishers to monetize the content they create, while allowing you to benefit from ads that may be more interesting to you than non-personalized ads that would be displayed to you.
Our privacy pillars
We have developed our services and technologies taking great care to respect your privacy.
Data minimisation
We undertake never to use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc. Without ever being able to identify you personally, our technologies are able to recognize your devices and/or browsers on the basis of an identifier consisting of a series of characters (identifier contained in a cookie or other). However, these data are qualified as personal data by European regulations and personal information by Californian law. As such, they are the subject of our greatest vigilance in terms of security and respect for your privacy.
Privacy by design
Our product teams develop every feature with privacy in mind; it’s the cornerstone of Privacy by Design, Criteo’s long-standing practice and commitment to ensuring industry-leading privacy, security and safety for consumers and marketers.
Key elements include:
As required by the GDPR, we have had a designated Data Privacy Officer since 2013 along with a team of privacy experts.
These experts sit within the Product and R&D organization. They perform ongoing Privacy Impact Assessments to monitor potential risks during the product lifecycle and proactively mitigate those risks.
The Data Privacy team delivers company-wide privacy training, enforces codes of conduct, and is integral to ensuring that we build best-in-class products and services.
We regularly review and document our internal policies, amend existing privacy policies as necessary, and enforce these policies with our partners and vendors.
Criteo's commitments
Our ads do not require:
To collect data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, your postal address, or your email address in plain text.
To collect sensitive information (such as religion, political opinion, health or sexual orientation …) to create segments or target ads to users. For the sole purpose of serving ads on a Publisher’s properties that could possibly reveal sensitive information (eg. a medical website), we may collect the URL of the website or the name of the mobile application.
To collect irrevocable identifiers, such as the hardware identifiers of the devices you use (UDID or MAC address, etc.).
To collect data related to your precise geolocation in real time.
Criteo supports industry initiatives for greater transparency in personalized advertising
Criteo has been involved from an early stage in initiatives to promote greater transparency and user control over personalized advertising.
Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) self-regulatory principles for online behavioural advertising
and is integrated on the
DAA’s “YourAdChoices” unsubscription platform
, which gives you the opportunity to express your online advertising choices to all its participants, including your desire to disable their services.
European Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
self-regulatory principles of the European Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
. The Criteo Dynamic Retargeting service has been independently certified by the EDAA for data protection.
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
Criteo respects the
self-regulatory principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
and is present on the
DAAC’s unsubscribe platform “YourOnlineChoices”
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all its stakeholders, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
Network Advertising Initiative
Criteo adheres to the
codes of conduct of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
and is integrated with the
NAI unsubscription platform
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all the players involved, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
IAB Europe
Criteo participates in the
IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework
and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Criteo’s identification number within the framework is 91.
Criteo imposes a high level of requirements on its partners
We contractually require that the Advertisers and Publishers with whom we work to comply with the
Criteo Advertising Guidelines
and
Supply Partner Guidelines
, as well as with the various regulations applicable to the protection of personal data, and in particular the GDPR.
By using the Criteo Services, they undertake, where the applicable regulations require it:
to include on their websites and mobile applications the appropriate notice and information, allowing users to know more about our services and to object to them through this notice; and
to collect the consent of users prior to the placement of cookies or any similar technology for the purpose of displaying personalized advertisements.
In order to help our partners meet their legal and contractual obligations, we regularly share industry best practices with them.
Google’s Privacy Sandbox
We participate in testing the Google Privacy Sandbox, a set of technologies to enable digital advertising without using third-party cookies in Google Chrome. With your consent, and as part of the testing, Criteo may store and access data on your device or browser, including by setting new cookies, that
relates to your web browsing interests and to ad measurement. In accordance with applicable data protection laws, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time on this
page
. For more information about the Google Privacy Sandbox please see
https://privacysandbox.com/
.
Your data, your choice
Understand my rights
in relation to my personal data.
Learn more about
how we use your data
.
Disable Criteo services
.
Contact us
.
Changes to our privacy policy
Please note that we may update or change this privacy policy. If we revise our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and to other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any we disclose it. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective.
Last updated : 11/03/2022
Criteo Trend Tracker
Data & Insights to Know and Share
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Statistics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Preference Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Vendor Search
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
33Across
host description
View Cookies
Name
cookie name
This website uses cookies
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
more information
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All
Sub-policy 2
https://www.nielsen.com/us/en/privacy-statement/exelate-privacy-policy/nielsen-marketing-cloud-privacy-notice.html:
Skip to content
Additional privacy information
For Nielsen
Our Privacy Principles
Learn more
Careers Privacy Notice
Learn more
Digital Measurement Privacy Notice
Learn more
Marketing Privacy Notice
Learn more
Marketing Cloud Privacy Notice
Learn more
Website Privacy Notice
Learn more
Client Communications Privacy Notice
Learn more
Need more help?
Privacy questions can be submitted by email to:
privacy.department@nielsen.com
(UK) GDPR
Article 14 Notice:
Information for Data Subjects
Nielsen Media Research Limited (NMRL) obtains and processes personal data to provide its Nielsen Marketing Cloud (NMC) services to clients. Not all of this data is collected directly from individuals. You can learn more about this processing activity in our
Article 14 Privacy Notice
which is intended to meet the requirements of (UK) GDPR Article 14.5(b).  This notice includes information about the categories of personal data obtained, the purposes for which it’s obtained and how it’s shared.  You will also find information on data subject rights under the (UK) GDPR and how to exercise them.
Contact us
Find the right solution for your business
In an ever-changing world, we’re here to help you stay ahead of what’s to come with the tools to measure, connect with, and engage your audiences.
How can we help?
postid
How can we help?
*
Please select...
Sales Inquiry
Other Inquiry
Inquiry type
*
Please select...
Audience measurement
Gracenote content metadata
Marketing optimization
Media planning
Retail and transaction data
Sports marketing optimization
Former and Current Employee Inquiries
Careers and Internships Opportunities
First name
*
Last name
*
Business email address
*
Job title
*
Industry
*
Please select...
Agency
Automotive
Consulting
CPG
Education
Electronics
Financial Services
Food & Beverages
Government
Healthcare
Hospitality & Travel
Insurance
Internet
Manufacturing
Media
Music
Non-Profit
Other
Pharmaceuticals
Publishing
Radio
Real Estate
Retail
Sports
Technology
Telecommunications
Television & Cable
Video Gaming
Company
*
Location
*
Please select...
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of the Congo
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican
Venezuela
Vietnam
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Tell us more about your needs:
*
255 of 255 Character(s) left
Newsletter Opt-in
Yes! Sign me up for insights and news that count in Nielsen's weekly newsletter.
Marketing communications opt-in
Sign me up! I want to stay ahead of media's evolution with emails on the latest trends and insights, Nielsen/Gracenote content, products, events, and more!
newsletter
By clicking or tapping the button and sharing your contact information with us, you acknowledge that you have read our
Privacy Notice
and that you consent to receiving communications about Nielsen's business, products/services, and events that may be of interest to you. However, if you ever change your mind, you can unsubscribe from our communications by following the instructions within the email that you receive from us.
If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty.
Sub-policy 3
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 4
https://id5.io/platform-privacy-policy/:
We value your privacy
We and our
partners
store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.  With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our  878 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may click to refuse to consent or access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting.  Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
ID5 Platform Privacy Policy
What is the ID5 Platform (or the "Platform")?
ID5 operates an identity platform for the digital advertising industry.
      By "Platform", we mean that we provide technology that websites, mobile
      apps and publishers of other internet-connected properties (such as
      internet-connected TV's), use to recognize users on their websites,
      mobile apps and other digital media properties (which we collectively
      refer to as "
Digital Properties
"), and that
      advertisers, or companies on an advertiser's behalf, use to target
      advertising to users in the most efficient way possible. Digital
      publishers and other "sellers" want their ads to be relevant to their
      readers, which helps them to offer content for no cost or lower cost.
      Advertisers, advertising agencies, and other "buyers" want to use their
      advertising dollars efficiently by reaching the right audiences, and by
      measuring the effectiveness of their ads. To accomplish these goals, our
      clients – including digital publishers and advertising technology
      platforms and service providers – use our Platform to more efficiently
      and effectively recognize their users and/or to enable their own clients
      to do so. ID5 is not an ad network, a media buyer or seller, or a data
      broker. We do not own digital properties on which we advertise, and we
      engage in advertising only in a limited manner for our own recruiting
      purposes and to advertise to other businesses (not to consumers).
What do we mean by Platform Data?
The Platform is designed to use certain types of information, that
      collectively we call "
Platform Data
". This includes
      information collected by our technology, products and services on the
      Digital Properties ("
Collected Data
"), which may
      include such information as IP address, unique browser or device
      identifiers, and the latitude and longitude of your device when you view
      a website that may want to show you an ad; (ii) information provided or
      uploaded to us or our Platform by our clients ("
Client Data
"), which typically includes a "hashed" copy of your email address
      ("hashing" prevents us from seeing the actual email address); and (iii)
      "
ID5 IDs
" (described below), which are random unique
      identifiers that we create and connect to Collected Data and/or Client
      Data. See "
What Information Do We Collect?
" below for more details on the type of information that may be
      included in Platform Data.
Some Platform Data (for example, cookie IDs, mobile advertising
      identifiers, ID5 IDs, and IP addresses) may identify a particular
      computer or device, and may be considered "Personal Data" or "personal
      information" (or another term with a substantially similar definition
      and obligations) in some jurisdictions, including the European Economic
      Area (see below on the meaning of "Personal Data" under the EU General
      Data Protection Regulation) and certain U.S. states. This data - which
      we call "Personal Data" - allows us to recognize a particular computer
      or device over time. We call cookie IDs, mobile advertising IDs, ID5
      IDs, and other random unique identifiers "
Digital Identifiers
".
Our Platform is not designed to utilize information that by itself
      identifies an individual in the "real world", such as "un-hashed" (i.e.,
      actual) name, address, phone number, email address, or government
      identifier. Instead, it is designed to utilize only Digital Identifiers
      that enable the recognition of a specific device or browser.
For European Jurisdiction data subjects, what is the meaning of
      "Personal Data" under the EU General Data Protection Regulation
      ("GDPR"), and what does this mean for Platform Data?
Under GDPR, "
Personal Data
" means any data relating to
      an individual who can be identified, directly or indirectly, from that
      data. It can take the form of a name or address, and can also extend to
      unique identifiers that do not tell us who an Internet user is in the
      "real world" but may, when combined with other information, allow the
      identification of an individual.
Our Platform does not rely on Personal Data that identifies you as an
      individual in the "real world", such as your actual, un-hashed name,
      email address, or phone number. When you (an Internet user) first visit
      a Digital Property that has integrated our technology, this triggers a
      request to our Platform. When this occurs, we assign an "ID5 ID" to your
      browser or device, which allows the Platform to recognize your browser
      or device the next time it visits another Digital Property that has
      integrated our technology. Such Digital Identifiers are considered
      "Personal Data" under the GDPR.
This allows our clients and certain other third parties selected by our
      clients to sync their own Digital Identifiers against this ID5 ID (see
      "
ID Syncing
" below) so that our clients can
      use their own data on other platforms that they may have associated with
      their own Digital Identifiers.
Glossary of Certain Terms
Browser
: A browser, or web browser, is the user interface or
      application through which you view web Digital Properties. Examples of
      prominent browsers are Microsoft's Internet Explorer, Google's Chrome,
      Apple's Safari, and Mozilla's Firefox.
Cookie
: A cookie is a small text file that is stored in a web
      browser by a website or Ad Server. By saving information in a cookie,
      websites and servers can remember preferences or recognize web browsers
      from one visit to another or from one website to another. Cookie IDs are
      Digital Identifiers.
ID Syncing
: ID syncing (sometimes also referred to as cookie
      syncing) is a common and long-standing process in the digital
      advertising industry that enables advertisers to link up data from
      multiple advertising platforms. (In other words, it helps advertisers
      buy ads in more than one place and on more than one service.)
Here's an example of how ID syncing works. Let's say you sell a product
      on your website. A customer visits your site. Your website stores a
      cookie to recognize that customer's browser, and the cookie contains an
      ID of 12345. You then associate that ID with information about what the
      customer shopped for on your site. If you want to then use that
      information to advertise to that user, you might go to an online
      advertising marketplace to buy ad space. In order to buy the right ad
      space to show your ads to the right user, you'll need to match your ID,
      which is 12345, to the ID that the marketplace has assigned to the same
      customer (which let's say for this example is ABCDE).
The result is a record that says ID 12345 = Marketplace ID ABCDE. That
      way, when the marketplace offers to sell you ad space to show your ad to
      ABCDE, your system will know that ABCDE is the same as 12345, and you
      can pick the right ad to show the customer.
Interest-Based Advertising
: Interest-based advertising
      associates a user’s activity and interest information, demographic
      information, geographic information, and similar information with a
      browser cookie or other online identifier in order to provide more
      useful and relevant advertising. It is sometimes also called "online
      behavioral advertising", "targeted advertising", "cross-context
      behavioral advertising" or "tailored advertising".
Mobile Advertising Identifiers
: Mobile advertising identifiers
      (e.g., Apple's iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) or Google's Android
      Advertising ID (AAID)) are unique IDs that are similar to cookies, but,
      instead of being stored on your web browser, are associated with
      individual mobile devices. They usually are user-resettable. Like other
      Digital Identifiers, Mobile advertising identifiers do not tell us who
      an Internet user is in the "real world", but may, when combined with
      other information, allow the identification of an individual. Mobile
      advertising identifiers are used in connection with apps on your mobile
      device as opposed to websites that you access through a browser.
Cookie Use by the Platform
Although the specific cookies employed on the ID5 Platform may change
      from time to time, this describes how and why the ID5 Platform uses
      cookies. These cookies enable our clients to recognize users and to see
      users' consent choices (including opt-out choices).
The Platform uses unique cookies to distinguish between unique web
        browsers.
The Platform uses cookies with non-unique values for server
        load-balancing and similar technical purposes.
The Platform uses non-unique cookies to store users’ opt-out choices.
Some browsers or other software may be configured to block third-party
      cookies by default.
THE ID5 PLATFORM PRIVACY STATEMENT
Last Modified: October 10, 2023
Overview
This ID5 Platform Privacy Statement (this "Privacy Statement") describes
      how ID5 collects, uses, shares and otherwise processes Platform Data. It
      describes how ID5 may enable or allow clients and third-party providers
      to use Platform Data, but otherwise does not apply to our clients' or
      other third parties' practices. If you are interested in our website
      privacy policy, please
click here
.
What information do we collect and use?
The Platform is designed to collect and use only Platform Data
          (i.e., Collected Data, Client Data, and ID5 IDs) as described in
          this Privacy Statement.
Details
.
How do we collect information?
The Platform may use cookies, pixels, tags, mobile SDKs, and similar
          technologies to collect and store Platform Data about web browsers
          and devices across websites and apps and over time.
Details
.
For what purposes do we use the collected information?
ID5 uses the information collected on the Platform to provide,
          operate, manage, maintain, and enhance the Platform and allow our
          clients to use our Platform. This means facilitating user
          identification; using information for fraud detection and the
          prevention and detection of malicious behavior and maintaining and
          enhancing our products and services (including our Platform),
          including using information for machine learning, optimization and
          statistical analysis.
Details
.
In European Jurisdictions, on what legal basis do we process
          Personal Data?
Where (i) you are a European Economic Area ("
EEA
"),
          United Kingdom or Switzerland (such countries, collectively with the
          EEA, "
European Jurisdictions
") data subject and
          (ii) ID5 is acting as a "controller" of Personal Data relating to
          you, ID5's legal basis for collecting and using such Personal
          depends on the data concerned and the specific context in which we
          collect or use it. With respect to Collected Data that is Personal
          Data in a European Jurisdiction, we generally rely on consent
          obtained for us by the operators of the Digital Properties that use
          our technology or use technology that interacts with our Platform;
          with respect to Client Data that is Personal Data, we rely on
          consent obtained by or on behalf of the particular client that
          provides it to us or our Platform.
Details
.
What information do we share with third parties?
Where permitted, we provide clients access to their Platform Data
          that they collect, acquire, or use on the Platform, and typically
          they may remove it from the Platform for their own use. ID5 may also
          provide Platform Data to our clients and service providers for the
          purpose of operating, managing, maintaining, or enhancing our
          products and services, (including our Platform), including for the
          safety and security of the Platform and the online advertising
          industry, or as required by law. ID5 does not share the information
          collected via the Platform with other third parties, unless legally
          required.
Details
.
How is the information stored and how long is it kept?
Platform Data is stored using generally accepted security standards.
          It is usually aggregated or deleted within 30-90 days, but may be
          retained in the Platform for up to 18 months from the date of
          collection before aggregation or deletion.
Details
.
What are your choices?
For European Jurisdiction data subjects, we are registered as a
            vendor with, and support, the
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
(the "
TCF Framework
"). When you visit a Digital
            Property, the TCF Framework is designed to enable Digital
            Properties - which may include our clients - to (i) choose which
            third parties they wish to allow to access your device and
            collect, use and share your Personal Data and (ii) provide dynamic
            transparency and choice to you about each of these third parties
            (e.g., an opportunity for you to consent) in connection with such
            Digital Property, depending on that third-party's use of your
            Personal Data and legal basis.
Various clients and third-party providers using our Platform may
            be accessing your device or collecting, using and sharing your
            Personal Data as independent controllers for different uses and
            based on different legal bases or as processors on behalf of other
            independent controllers.
Web browser users may opt out of the use of the Platform for
            interest-based advertising in their web browser. Mobile app users
            have access to choices provided by certain apps or in their device
            system software.
Details
.
What happens if this Privacy Statement is changed?
Please check this Privacy Statement for changes. The date of the
          last update can be found at the top of this Privacy Statement.
          Material changes will not be applied to previously collected
          Platform Data.
Details
.
Questions?
Please email us at
privacy@id5.io
.
What Information Do We Collect?
Collected Data
When you visit a Digital Property (e.g., a website) that uses our
      technology (or that uses technology that transacts with parties using
      our Platform), we collect certain information about you and your device,
      including:
Information about your browser
, including:
the type of browser
browser language
browser settings
cookie information
Information about your device
, including:
information about the device's operating system including its
            version and connection type
device make, device model
mobile advertising identifiers, such as your Apple IDFA or Google
            AAID
the IP address from which the device accesses a client's Digital
            Property
Information about the Digital Properties you visit
,
        including web pages or apps visited or used and the time those web
        pages or apps were visited or used.
Information about your Internet service
, including
        information about which Internet Service Provider (ISP) you use.
Client Data
Our clients may provide or upload to us or our Platform "Client Data",
      which typically includes a "hashed" email address ("hashing" prevents us
      from seeing the actual email address). Our clients and vendors, and our
      clients' third-party clients and vendors, may use their own tags,
      pixels, cookies, or other similar technology (or those of their other
      affiliates) within their advertisements and on certain Digital
      Properties. We are not responsible for our clients, vendors and/or our
      clients' third-party providers for their privacy practices, including
      their collection, use, and/or sharing of data and/or their use of
      technology on their Digital Properties or in their advertisements.
How Do We Collect Information?
The Platform uses cookies, pixels, tags, mobile SDKs, and similar
        technologies to collect data associated with particular web browsers
        or devices
We and the Platform also receive data from our clients and other third
        parties
How Do We Use the Information We Collect?
To provide products and services (including our Platform) to our
        clients, including in connection with ID5 IDs
To develop, maintain, and improve our products and services (including
        our Platform), including:
Conducting research and development, such as conducting machine
            learning to better optimize the efficiency of our products and
            services
Investigating, protecting against and deterring malicious
            activity, fake traffic or fraudulent, unauthorized or illegal
            activity on the Platform and on the internet
To compile statistics about the activities occurring on or through our
        Platform, including for reporting and marketing purposes
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data (Data Subjects of European
      Jurisdictions)
If (i) you are a data subject of a European Jurisdiction and (ii) we are
      acting as the controller of "Personal Data" relating to you, our legal
      basis for processing such Personal Data (see "
What Information Do We Collect?
" above) will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in
      which we collect or use it. With respect to Collected Data that is
      Personal Data of a European Jurisdiction data subject, we generally rely
      on consent obtained for us by the operators of the Digital Properties
      that use our technology or use technology that interacts with our
      Platform; with respect to Client Data that is Personal Data of a
      European Jurisdiction data subject, we rely on consent obtained by or on
      behalf of the particular client that provides it to us or our Platform.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the
      legal basis on which we process Personal Data, please contact us at
privacy@id5.io
.
How and Why Do We Share the Information We Collect?
ID5 shares Platform Data with the following third parties:
Clients and their third-party vendors
We provide ID5
        IDs to our clients and, if and as elected by our clients (including,
        if applicable, pursuant to your choices on their Digital Properties),
        our clients’ third-party vendors.
For European Jurisdiction data subjects
, our
            clients may utilize multiple controls to choose the third parties
            with whom we share your information that we collect through our
            clients' use of our Platform including:
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
(the "
TCF Framework
"):
We are registered as a vendor with, and support, the TCF
                    Framework.
When you visit a Digital Property on which the TCF
                    Framework is utilized, the TCF Framework is designed to
                    (i) allow the Digital Property to choose which third
                    parties (e.g., vendors) they wish to allow to access your
                    device and/or collect, use and share your Personal Data
                    and (ii) provide dynamic transparency and choice to you
                    about each of these vendors (e.g., an opportunity for you
                    to consent) in connection with your visit to the Digital
                    Property, depending on that third-party’s use of your data
                    and legal basis.
Platform-provided "controls" ("
Platform Controls
") with respect to about third parties operating through our
                Platform:
Our Platform provides our clients with information about
                    the other clients operating through our Platform,
                    providing transparency for disclosure purposes and
                    "allow-listing" capabilities – to create lists of approved
                    companies – to control which third parties may receive,
                    use and share your information
For users who are not European Jurisdiction data
              subjects
, we provide our clients with Platform Controls, including our
            allow-listing capabilities, to control which third parties may
            receive, use, and share your information.
Vendors
We share Platform Data with, and enable the
        collection of Platform Data by, our vendors (including data center
        providers, hosting providers, data analytics providers, and
        anti-fraud, technology and security providers), so that they can
        provide services to us, including to detect and prevent malicious
        activity or fake traffic and to provide analytics and reporting about
        our products and services. Our vendors are subject to obligations
        consistent with this Privacy Statement and appropriate confidentiality
        and security measures.
Legal Rights and Compliance with Law
We may also
        disclose Platform Data in the event that we reasonably suspect
        malicious activity or fake traffic or when we reasonably believe it is
        required by law, subpoena or other legal process, including to meet
        national security or law enforcement requirements.
ID5 Affiliates
We share Platform Data with other
        companies in the ID5 group of companies to use for any of the purposes
        described in this Privacy Statement.
Business Transfers
We may transfer Platform Data to a
        successor entity in connection with a corporate merger; consolidation;
        sale of assets, equity, or business; bankruptcy; or other corporate
        change.
How Is Platform Data Stored, and How Long Is It Kept?
Security
ID5 uses generally accepted industry security standards to protect
        information transmitted over or stored on the Platform.
We review our information collection, storage and processing
        practices, including physical security measures, to guard against
        unauthorized access to systems.
We restrict access to information to employees, contractors and agents
        who need the information in order to process it for us, and who are
        subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be
        disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Please note, however, that no transmission or storage of information
        can ever be guaranteed to be completely secure. Once we receive
        Platform Data, we will use strict procedures and security features to
        try to prevent unauthorized access. Please also be mindful that we are
        not responsible for the security measures of third parties.
Retention
We never store any information longer than we need it. Platform Data
        is usually aggregated or deleted within 30-90 days, but may be
        retained in the Platform for up to 18 months for specific clients and
        for use for security and the detection and prevention of fraud and
        invalid traffic from the date of collection before aggregation or
        deletion. When we no longer need the information we collect, it is
        deleted or aggregated.
Aggregated anonymized information is used for reporting and analysis,
        and may be stored in the Platform indefinitely.
When third-party vendors receive information through us or clients
        remove their information from the Platform, their storage and
        retention of the removed information is governed by their own privacy
        policies and applicable laws, rules, and/or regulations.
What Are Your Choices?
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
: We are
      registered as a vendor with, support, and encourage our clients to use,
      the
TCF Framework
, which is designed to provide European Jurisdiction data subjects with
      dynamic transparency into and choice about the various third parties
      used on Digital Properties on which the TCF Framework is utilized. If
      you are a European Jurisdiction data subject, the TCF Framework is
      designed to enable Digital Properties – which may include our clients –
      to (i) choose which third parties (which may include ID5) they wish to
      allow to access your device and collect, use and share your personal
      data and (ii) provide dynamic transparency and choice to you about each
      of these third parties (e.g., an opportunity for you to consent) in
      connection with such Digital Property, depending on that third-party's
      use of your Personal Data and legal basis for such usage.
ID5 Web Browser Opt Out
: If you have not already chosen to do
      so, you may visit
https://id5-sync.com/privacy
to opt out of having the Platform used to enable our clients to more
      efficiently serve you relevant ads. When you opt out, an opt-out cookie
      (from id5-sync.com) will be stored in your web browser. The Platform
      will know the choice you have made when it sees your opt-out cookie, and
      will apply your choice to all companies using the Platform. If you block
      or delete the ID5 opt-out cookie, you will cease to be opted out with
      respect to the Platform and will need to perform the opt-out process
      again.
ID5 Web Browser Opt In
: If you have previously chosen to opt
      out, but would now like to opt in, you may visit
https://id5-sync.com/privacy
to opt in to having the Platform used to enable our clients to more
      efficiently serve you relevant ads. This does not overwrite any consent
      settings you may select on a given Digital Property.
Important things to note about the ID5 web browser opt out:
Blocked cookies
The opt-out cookie may not work if
        your browser is configured to block third-party cookies.
Deleting or protecting opt outs
If you delete your
        cookies, you will need to opt out again. There are browser plugins to
        help you preserve your opt-out cookies. For more information, please
        visit
https://www.aboutads.info
.
Only this browser
The opt out only applies to the
        browser profile in which you set it. For example, if you set the opt
        out while using Firefox, but then use Chrome, the opt out will not be
        active in Chrome. To opt out in Chrome, you will need to repeat the
        opt-out process. This is because the cookies cannot be read between
        different browsers or browser profiles.
The opt out does not block or delete cookies
It also
        does not prevent the use of cookies or other technologies for purposes
        other than interest-based advertising. If you opt out, data may still
        be collected about your web browsing activities and you will still see
        advertising. Ads may be selected, for example, based on the content of
        the web page in which they are shown. If you wish to block or delete
        cookies altogether, you can use web browser settings to do so.
To access the opt outs of other online advertising companies, visit the
      consumer choice pages of such organizations, as follows:
EU
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance,
        at
youronlinechoices.com
(by clicking the "Your ad choices" link after selecting the
        appropriate country)
US
Digital Advertising Alliance, at
https://optout.aboutads.info/
Network Advertising Initiative, at
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
Mobile App Opt Out:
Mobile device system software such as Apple
      iOS or Google Play Services provide mechanisms that allow users to opt
      out of the use of information about their usage of mobile apps to
      deliver targeted ads to their mobile device. For more information, or to
      opt out using these mechanisms, consult your device settings ("Opt out
      of Interest-Based Ads" on Android devices and "Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS
      devices).
European Jurisdiction Data Subject Rights
If you are a data subject of a European Jurisdiction, you have certain
      rights and protections under the law regarding the collection,
      processing, and use of information about you. As stated above, the
      information we collect about you when you visit Digital Properties that
      use our technology may include certain identifiers that are considered
      "Personal Data" under European law.
If you are a data subject of a European Jurisdiction and certain
      requirements are fulfilled and/or under certain circumstances, you have
      the right: (i) to access and obtain a copy of your Personal Data; (ii)
      to erasure of your Personal Data; (iii) to rectification or updating of
      your Personal Data; (iv) to object to the processing of your Personal
      Data; (v) to restrict the processing of your Personal Data; and (vi) to
      data portability (i.e., to be provided with a copy of your Personal Data
      in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format, and/or to
      have such a copy provided to a third party). If you are interested in
      exercising any of these rights, you may do so via our privacy web form
      (available by
clicking here
)
      or you may email us at
privacy@id5.io
. Please note that, as
      the process we currently use to verify/authenticate and process
      "Requests to Know/Access", "Requests to Delete", "Requests to Correct",
      and "Requests for Data Portability" requires us to recognize an online
      identifier, if you submit such a "Request to Know/Access" by email, it
      generally will require more time and at least one more step than
      submitting your request via the privacy web form.
In addition, you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any
      time. If you wish to exercise such right with respect to interest-based
      advertising, you can do so through the mechanisms and methods set forth
      above under object to the processing of your Personal Data.
Our Platform is designed to collect the minimum amount of Personal Data
      about you that we believe is necessary to provide our products and
      services. Because our Platform is not designed to collect information
      that directly identifies an individual, sometimes it is not feasible for
      us to provide individuals with information that is tied to their
      identities.
Also, as a data subject of a European Jurisdiction, you have the right
      to lodge a complaint about our processing of Personal Data with a
      European Data Protection Authority, in particular the Member State of
      your residence, place of work or alleged infringement of the GDPR. For
      contact details of your relevant local Data Protection Authority, please
      click
here
.
Your Rights under Certain U.S. State General Privacy Laws
Consumer Rights
If you are a resident of a U.S. state with an effective general privacy
      law (such as California under the California Consumer Privacy Act,
      including as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (as amended,
"CCPA"
), and Virginia under the Virginia Consumer Data
      Protection Act) (each such law, a
"US State Privacy Law"
), you have some or all of the
      following rights with respect to your Personal Data, as set forth in the
      applicable US State Privacy Law:
Right to Delete
: the right to request that a
        "business"/"controller" (each, as defined by the applicable US State
        Privacy Law) delete, following your verifiable/authenticated consumer
        request, the specific pieces of Personal Data such business/controller
        has collected from you.
Right to Know/Access
: the right to request that a
        business/controller disclose to you, following your
        verifiable/authenticated consumer request, some or all of the
        following (based on your applicable US State Privacy Law):
The categories of Personal Data the business/controller has
            collected about you
The categories of sources from which the Personal Data is
            collected
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or
            (under CCPA) "sharing" Personal Data
The categories of third parties with which the business/controller
            shares Personal Data
The specific pieces of Personal Data the business/controller has
            collected about you
The categories of Personal Data about you that the
            business/controller disclosed for a business purpose
If the business/controller sells or (under CPRA) "shares" your
            Personal Data:
The categories of Personal Data that the business/controller
                sold or (under CCPA) shared about you
The categories of third parties to which your Personal Data
                was sold or (under CCPA) shared, by category or categories of
                Personal Data for each category of third parties to which the
                Personal Data was sold
The business or commercial purpose for selling or (under CCPA)
                sharing Personal Data
Right to Correct
the right to request that the
        business/controller correct any inaccurate Personal Data that it has
        collected about you
Right to Data Portability
the right to be provided
        with a copy of the Personal Data about you that the
        business/controller processes by automated means in a portable and, to
        the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you
        to transmit it to another party
Right to Opt Out
: based on the applicable US State
        Privacy Law, some or all of the following rights:
The right to direct a business /controller (as defined by the
            applicable US State Privacy Law) not to sell (as defined by the
            applicable US State Privacy Law) or (under CCPA) "share" your
            Personal Data.
The right to opt out of "targeted advertising" (as defined by the
            applicable US State Privacy Law), which is a type of
            interest-based advertising
These opt-out rights are different from the opt-outs described above
        under the header "What Are Your Choices?" and does not require us to
        cease processing your unique ID5 ID. However, we currently effect
        elections to opt out of the "sale" or "sharing" of Personal Data
        and/or to opt out of "targeted advertising" by performing our browser
        opt-out process (please see below under the header "Methods of
        Submitting Requests").
Right to Non-Discrimination
: the right not to be
        discriminated against by a business because you exercise any of your
        rights under your applicable US State Privacy Law, including by:
Denying goods or services to you
Charging you different prices or rates for goods or services,
            including through the use of discounts or other benefits or
            imposing penalties
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you
Suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for
            goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or
            services
Personal Data
To provide and operate our products and services (including our
      Platform), we utilize (i) Personal Data collected by our products and
      services on the Digital Properties (
"Collected Personal Data"
), (ii) Personal Data provided to us by or on behalf of our clients
      (
"Client Personal Data"
), and (iii) our ID5 IDs, which
      are Digital Identifiers (see table below). Even though Client Personal
      Data is provided to us, we may be considered to have "collected" such
      data under US State Privacy Laws.
We collect (and during the last 12 months have collected) the following
      categories of personal information, from the following categories of
      Personal Data, and for the following business or commercial purposes:
Categories of Personal Data
Categories of Sources
Business / Commercial Purposes
Identifiers
(such as an online identifier (e.g.,
            a cookie ID, a mobile advertising ID, or an ID5 ID) or an IP
            address)
Collected Personal Data: we collect such information from
              consumers via their visits to and/or interactions with the
              Digital Properties
Client Personal Data: we receive such information from our
              clients or partners
Collected Personal Data: we use such information to provide,
              operate, maintain, improve, and develop our products and
              services (including our Platform), including to create and
              reconcile ID5 IDs
Client Personal Information: we use such information to provide,
              operate, maintain, improve, and develop our products and
              services (including our Platform), including to create and
              reconcile ID5 IDs
Internet or other electronic network activity information
(such as browsing history, user agent or timestamp)
Collected Personal Data: we collect such information from
              consumers via their visits to and/or interactions with the
              Digital Properties
Client Personal Data: we receive such information from our
              clients or partners
Collected Personal Data: we use such information to provide,
              operate, maintain, improve, and develop our products and
              services (including our Platform), including to create and
              reconcile ID5 IDs
Client Personal Data: we use such information to provide,
              operate, maintain, improve, and develop our products and
              services (including our Platform), including to create and
              reconcile ID5 IDs
With respect to Collected Personal Data, we believe that we are a
      "controller" or "third party" (each, as defined by the applicable US
      State Privacy Law) that collects such data via consumers’ visits to
      and/or interactions with the Digital Properties. With respect to Client
      Personal Data, we believe that we are a "third party", as we collect
      such information only from our clients and do not collect it from
      consumers.
We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose sensitive Personal Data
      through our Platform, products, or services.
For information on how long we intend to retain each category of
      Personal Data, please see "How Is Platform Data Stored, and How Long Is
      It Kept? – Retention" above.
Disclosure of Personal Data
For purposes of applicable US State Privacy Laws:
"Sales"/"Sharing"
: we "sell" (as defined by the
        applicable US State Privacy Law) and/or "share" (as defined by CCPA)
        (and, during the 12 months prior to the "Last Modified" date at the
        top of this Privacy Statement, have sold and/or shared) "identifiers"
        (a category of Personal Data) that we derive from each of the above
        categories of Personal Data to our clients in connection with their
        (and their respective clients’) advertising activities, including
        cross-context behavioral advertising and targeted advertising (each,
        as defined by the applicable US State Privacy Law); however, we do not
        knowingly sell or share the Personal Data of children under the age of
        16 without required affirmative authorization; and
"Disclosures for a Business Purpose"
: we disclose
        (and have disclosed during the 12 months prior to the "Last Modified"
        date at the top of this Privacy Statement) each of the above
        categories of Personal Data for a "business purpose" (as defined by
        CCPA) to "service providers"/"processors" (each, as defined by the
        applicable US State Privacy Law) that perform certain services on our
        behalf, such as data center providers, hosting service providers, and
        data analytics providers, and anti-fraud, technology and security
        providers.
Methods of Submitting Requests
If you are a resident of a U.S. state with an effective US State Privacy
      Law, you may submit requests to exercise your "Right to Know/Access",
      your "Right to Delete", your "Right to Correct", and/or your "Right to
      Data Portability" via any of the following methods:
By web form
, available by clicking
here
By toll-free telephone
, to:
1-888-821-2911
Please note the following:
As the process we currently use to verify/authenticate and process
        "Requests to Know/Access", "Requests to Delete", "Requests to
        Correct", and "Requests for Data Portability" requires us to recognize
        an online identifier, if you submit such a "Request to Know/Access"
        via the telephone number listed above, it generally will require more
        time and at least one more step than submitting your request via the
        web form.
If you are opted out of interest-based advertising on the applicable
        web browser, we may not be able to verify/authenticate or process your
        "Request to Delete", your "Request to Know/Access", your "Request to
        Correct", or your "Request for Data Portability", since we may have no
        reasonable method of connecting your request with the Personal Data we
        previously collected about you.
If we notify you that we were unable to verify/authenticate your
        "Request to Delete", your "Request to Know/Access", your "Request to
        Correct", or your "Request for Data Portability", you may appeal our
        determination by emailing us at
privacy@id5.io
and indicating why
        you disagree with our determination (including by providing additional
        information to support your request).
Because (i) our Platform is designed to collect the minimum amount of
        Personal Data about you that we believe is necessary to provide our
        products and services and (ii) our Platform is not designed to collect
        information that directly identifies an individual, it is generally
        not feasible for us to provide individuals information that is tied to
        their identities.
If we utilize "de-identification" to comply with a "Request to Delete"
        or similar obligation with respect to Personal Data, we will maintain
        and use such data in de-identified form and will not attempt to
        re-identify such de-identified data.
If you are a resident of a U.S. state with an effective US State Privacy
      Law, you may exercise your applicable US State Privacy Law "Right(s) to
      Opt Out" via the following method(s):
By web form
, available by clicking
here
Via the "Global Privacy Control" user-enabled "universal opt-out
          mechanism"
, if such a universal opt-out mechanism is legally required as a
        method of opting out by the applicable US State Privacy Law (for more
        information regarding Global Privacy Control, please visit the Global
        Privacy Control website: https://globalprivacycontrol.org/)
Please note that we currently affect US State Privacy Law opt-out rights
      elections by performing our web browser opt-out process, which results
      in an opt-out cookie (from id5-sync.com) being stored in your web
      browser. Such elections – including through the Global Privacy Control
      user-enabled "universal opt-out mechanism" – will be processed only with
      respect to the applicable web browser. For more information about such
      opt-out, please see "What Are Your Choices? – Important things to note
      about the ID5 web browser opt out" above.
Authorized Agents
If you are a resident of a US state with an effective US State Privacy
      Law, if and as required by that US State Privacy Law, you may use an
      "authorized agent" to submit requests to exercise your "right to
      know/access", your "right to delete", your "right to correct", your
      "right to data portability", and/or your US State Privacy Law "right(s)
      to opt-out" (as applicable) on your behalf under that US State Privacy
      Law. Your authorized agent will need to provide us with a copy of a
      written permission that is signed by you and indicates that you have
      provided such authorization.
"Do Not Track"
ID5 has not yet developed a response to browser "Do Not Track" signals,
      and we do not change any of our data collection practices when we
      receive such signals. We will continue to evaluate potential responses
      to "Do Not Track" signals in light of industry developments or legal
      changes.
While we do not support "Do Not Track" signals, we do honor opt-out
      preference signals received from Global Privacy Control as the
      applicable California consumer’s election to opt out of the sale and/or
      sharing (each, as defined by CCPA) of their Personal Data, to the extent
      technically feasible.
For more information on your privacy choices, please see "What are your
      choices?" above and also above in this "Your Rights under Certain U.S.
      State General Privacy Laws" section.
Advertising Industry Self-Regulation
ID5 supports advertising industry self-regulation, and endorses best
      practices and self-regulatory requirements that apply to the advertising
      industry. To learn more about interest-based advertising and industry
      self-regulation, please visit any of the following organizations:
EU
:
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
US
:
Digital Advertising Alliance
or
Network Advertising Initiative
Global Operations and Personal Data Transfers outside the EEA
ID5 is a global company headquartered in the United Kingdom with data
      centers located in the EEA. If you are a European Jurisdiction data
      subject and access any of the Digital Properties that use our
      technology, please be aware that your Personal Data may be transferred
      to, stored and processed by us and our affiliates in our facilities in
      the EEA, the United Kingdom and other countries, and by those third
      parties with whom we may share your information.
Countries outside the EEA may not be deemed by the European Commission
      to provide an adequate level of data protection for your Personal Data
      or to have data protection or other laws as comprehensive as those in
      EEA countries. We will, however, ensure that where ID5 group companies
      receive Personal Data of EEA data subjects outside the EEA, or provide
      Personal Data to third-party service providers outside of the EEA,
      appropriate data protection safeguards are in place (such as "standard
      contractual clauses").
What Happens if this Privacy Statement is Changed?
Please check this page for changes, as we may change this Privacy
      Statement at any time. If we make changes that we believe are material,
      those changes will not be applied to information collected prior to the
      date the changes went into effect.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or our data
      protection practices, or if you would like to contact our data
      protection representative, please feel free to contact us by email to
privacy@id5.io
or by postal mail to
      the following address: ID5 Technology Ltd, 15 Bishopsgate, London EC2N
      3AR, United Kingdom.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not
      addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party
      dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
ID5 Platform Privacy Policy v3.0
Sub-policy 5
https://www.lotame.com/about-lotame/privacy/lotames-products-services-privacy-policy/:
X
BREAKING NEWS
Publicis Groupe Acquires Lotame
Expanded Global Identity Footprint
Read Release
X
Careers
Request a Demo
Solutions
Spherical Platform
Curation
Data Marketplace Sellers
Data Marketplace Buyers
Panorama Identity
Connected TV
Clients
Marketers & Agencies
Publishers & Media Companies
Data Sellers
Platforms
Partner Connections
Resources
Case Studies
Strategy & Education
Company Updates
Press Releases
About Lotame
About Us
Contact Us
Team
Events
Careers
Legal
Services Agreements
Policies
EU Consent & Signaling Policy
Definitions
Privacy
Privacy Principles
Data Processing Agreements
DPA – MSA
DPA – Incoming Data
DPA – Outgoing Data
DPA – Spherical Data Buyer
DPA – Panorama ID Enrollment Terms
Privacy Notices
Corporate Privacy Notice
Services Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Privacy Manager
Transfer Impact Assessment Info
Technical & Organizational Measures
Careers
Request a Demo
Home
»
Privacy
Privacy
At Lotame, privacy is more than a list of do’s and don’ts, or policies and processes. It is foundational to Lotame’s values of trust and integrity. It is integral to our commitment to support data-driven decision-making and delivery of personalized advertising and content without sacrificing personal privacy. On this page we provide a summary of Lotame’s privacy practices. You can learn more about our privacy practices by clicking on the links provided in this summary.
Our Commitments
Earning the trust of our Business Customers and Data Partners is the foundation of our business at Lotame. We earn this trust by being transparent in our privacy commitments and by implementing a privacy program and security controls that enables our Business Customers and Data Partners to operate with the confidence that they can meet their privacy and compliance requirements globally. Maintaining that trust involves making ongoing commitments to our Business Customers and Data Partners. These commitments include:
Writing our
Privacy Notices
and contracts in plain, straightforward language to be transparent and help individuals, our Business Customers, and our Data Partners understand our privacy practices
Following our
Privacy Principles
Designing, building, and delivering products and services that respect the privacy of individuals by following the principles of Privacy by Design and Privacy by Default
Honoring an individual’s choice regarding the processing of his/her Personal Data
Lotame’s Privacy Principles and Approach to Global Data Protection and Privacy Compliance
Global Data Protection and Privacy Laws are in a constant state of flux. Every few months, another state or country introduces new legislation or amends existing legislation and regulators issue binding opinions or guidelines related to data protection and privacy. Treating these as individual checkboxes for compliance could become an infinite list of tasks, paralyzing us from innovating privacy-preserving advertising solutions at scale. Fortunately, the vast majority of these laws to date share a foundation of common principles based on the Fair Information Practice Principles. By focusing first on Fair Information Practice Principles, which are our underlying guidelines that we follow to govern our services development, collection, use, storage, and disclosure of Personal Data, Lotame has developed its own guiding set of
Privacy Principles
and has designed and continues to develop a privacy program that can scale to meet the evolving global regulatory environment related to data protection and privacy.
Privacy by Design and by Default
Lotame is committed to the responsible use of Personal Data and other information to help businesses make better decisions regarding online advertising and delivering personalized content while respecting personal privacy. Lotame’s independence, agility, and unique capabilities have made it the leader in the field of responsible data management, identity, and addressability solutions, taking personal privacy into consideration throughout the process of designing, building, and delivering our products and services.
Privacy Choices – Lotame’s Privacy Manager
Lotame offers online tools for individuals to exercise their rights given under various Data Protection and Privacy Laws regarding their Personal Data that Lotame may have. If you are an individual, please visit Lotame’s
Privacy Manager
to exercise your rights under the Data Protection and Privacy Laws applicable to you. If you are a Business Customer or Data Partner, please contact your account representative.
Accountability
Lotame’s Information Security Management System (ISMS) is certified compliant with the ISO/IEC 27001:2013 standard. You can view Lotame’s Certificate of Registration
here
.
Lotame is certified as compliant with the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Programme through TrustArc, an independent Certification Provider. You can view Lotame’s Letter of Attestation through TrustArc
here
.
Lotame is a member in good standing of the NAI.
Memberships
Sub-policy 6
https://policies.oath.com/us/en/oath/privacy/index.html:
Terms
Privacy Center
Back
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
Back
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Back
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Terms
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Welcome to the Yahoo Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 2024
About Yahoo
Yahoo, previously known as Verizon Media, is a technology and media company that provides a range of services. We serve our consumers, partners, advertisers and talent through our portfolio of digital platforms, products and services offered under our AOL, Yahoo and other
brands
.
We provide control tools to help you manage your experience with us. If you have an existing Yahoo or AOL account, you will need to agree to this Privacy Policy. If you have not yet agreed to this Privacy Policy, the
legacy Yahoo Privacy Policy
or
legacy Oath Privacy Policy (for AOL)
still apply to your account. For Yahoo products or services that are accessed without signing in to an account, this Privacy Policy applies to those products and services as of May 25, 2018. If you are creating a new account, the terms below apply starting today.
Except as set out elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, when we refer to ‘Yahoo’, it means Yahoo Inc., the US-established company that supplies the Services to you (and acts as data controller of the personal data Yahoo collects when you use those Services).
Our Privacy Pledge
Our commitment is to put users first. We strive to be transparent about how we collect and use your information, to keep your information secure and to provide you meaningful choices.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information Yahoo, its affiliates and its house of global
brands
(“Yahoo,” “us,” “our” or “we”) collect, why we collect it and what we do with it. This policy applies to Yahoo
brands
, websites, apps, advertising services, products, services or technologies (we’ll collectively refer to these as “Services”). Additional privacy practices for certain Services can be found in
Details for Specific Products and Services
.
Your Controls
We believe you should have tools to control your information. You can find controls to manage or review your account information, marketing preferences, location data, and search history at
Privacy Controls
. Some of our Services provide additional controls and privacy practices. (
See, Details for Specific Products and Services
)
Information Collection and Use - General
Certain categories of information collected by Yahoo are necessary to use our Services, such as the information you must provide when registering for some Services.
We may collect and combine information when you interact with Yahoo Services information outlined below:
Information You Provide to Us.
We may collect the information that you provide to us, such as:
When you create an account with a Yahoo Service or brand. (Please note, when you use our Services, we may recognize you or your devices even if you are not signed in to our Services.) Yahoo may use device IDs, cookies, and other signals, including information obtained from third parties, to associate accounts and/or devices with you.
When you use our Services to communicate with others or post, upload or store content (such as comments, photos, voice inputs, videos, emails, messaging services and attachments).
Yahoo analyzes and stores all communications content, including email content from incoming and outgoing mail. This allows us to deliver, personalize and develop relevant features, content, advertising and Services.
When you otherwise use our Services, such as title queries, watch history, page views, search queries, view the content we make available or install any Yahoo software such as plugins.
When you sign up for paid Services, use Services that require your financial information or complete transactions with us or our business partners, we may collect your payment and billing information.
Device Information.
We collect information from your devices (computers, mobile phones, tablets, etc.), including information about how you interact with our Services and those of our third-party partners and information that allows us to recognize and associate your activity across devices and Services. This information includes device specific identifiers and information such as
IP address
,
cookie information
, mobile device and advertising identifiers, browser version, operating system type and version, mobile network information, device settings, and software data. We may recognize your devices to provide you with personalized experiences and advertising across the devices you use.
Location Information.
We collect location information from a variety of sources. You can learn more about and manage your location permissions on our
Locations page
and by visiting the location settings tool on your devices.
Information from Cookies and Other Technologies.
We collect information when you access content,
advertising
, sites, interactive widgets, applications, and other products (both on and off of our Services) where Yahoo data collection technologies (such as
web beacons
, development tools,
cookies and other technologies
, etc.) are present. These data collection technologies allow us to understand your activity on and off our Services and to collect and store information when you interact with Services we offer to partners.
This information also includes the content or ads served, viewed or clicked on; cursor and scroll movements on our Services; certain screen interactions and content you input on the Services; the frequency and duration of your activities; the sites or apps you used before accessing our Services and where you went next; whether you engaged with specific content or ads; and whether you went on to visit an advertiser's website, downloaded an advertiser’s app, purchased a product or service advertised, or took other actions.
Information from Others.
We collect information about you when we receive it from other users, third-parties, and affiliates, such as:
When you connect your account to third-party services or sign in using a third-party partner (like Facebook or Twitter).
From publicly-available sources.
From advertisers about your experiences or interactions with their offerings.
When we obtain information from third-parties or
other companies
, such as those that use our Services. This may include your activity on other sites and apps as well as information those third-parties provide to you or us.
How We Use This Information
We are able to deliver, personalize, and improve our Services by combining and using the information we have about you (including information we receive on and off our Services) to understand how you use and interact with our Services and the people or things you’re connected to and interested in. We also may use the information we have about you for the following purposes:
Provide, maintain, improve, and develop relevant features, content, and Services.
Analyze your content and other information (including emails, instant messages, posts
photos, attachments, and other communications
). You can review and control certain types of information tied to your Yahoo account by using
Privacy Controls
.
Fulfill your requests and when authorized by you.
Help advertisers and publishers connect to offer relevant advertising in their apps and websites.
Match and serve targeted advertising (across devices and both on and off of our Services) and provide
targeted advertising
based on your device activity, inferred interests and location information.
Contact you with information about your account or with marketing messages, which
you can also control
.
Associate your activity across our Services and your different devices as well as associate any accounts you may use across Yahoo Services together. We may associate activity and accounts under a single user ID.
Carry out or support
promotions
.
Conduct research and support innovation.
Create analytics and reports for external parties, including partners, publishers, advertisers, apps,
third-parties
and the public regarding the use of and trends within our Services and ads, including showing trends to partners regarding general preferences, the effectiveness of ads and information on user experiences. These analytics and reports may include aggregate or pseudonymized information.
Provide location-based Services, advertising, search results, and other content consistent with your
location settings
.
Combine information we have about you with information we obtain from business partners or
other companies
, such as your activities on other sites and apps.
Detect and defend against fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful activity.
We provide you with controls to manage your experience with us. For example, you can review or edit your
account information
, manage your
marketing preferences
, or
opt out of targeted ads
. If you opt out, you will continue to see ads, but they may not be as relevant or useful to you.
If you are located in the European Union or European Economic Area or in the UK (EU/EEA/UK), please see Section 10 “Our Legal Bases for Processing Information” for more information that applies to your use of our Services.
How We Share This Information
Yahoo shares information within its affiliated brands and companies. We also share information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including to provide Services that you have requested (including when you connect with
third-party apps and widgets
). We do not sell, license or share information that individually identifies our customers with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With Your Consent.
We will share information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo when we have your consent.
Within Yahoo.
Information may also be shared within Yahoo, including with other Yahoo Services and affiliates. Yahoo affiliates may use the information in a manner consistent with their privacy policies.
With Partners.
We may share your information with nonaffiliated companies who are:
Trusted Partners.
We provide user information to or enable the collection of user information by trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo based on our directions and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality measures.
Advertising, Analytics and Business Partners (Limited to Non-Personally Identifiable Information).
We may share aggregated or pseudonymous information (including demographic information) with partners, such as publishers, advertisers, measurement analytics, apps, or
other companies
. For example, we may tell an advertiser how its ads performed or report how many people installed an app after seeing a promotion. We do not share personally identifiable information (like phone number or email address) with these partners, such as publishers, advertisers, ad agencies, or analytics partners.
When you use third-party apps, websites or other products integrated with our Services, they may collect information about your activities subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
We allow
other companies
that show advertisements on our webpages or apps to collect information from your browsers or devices. Other companies' use of cookies and other data collection technologies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.
For Legal and Other Purposes.
We may access, preserve and disclose information to investigate, prevent, or take action in connection with: (i) legal process and legal requests; (ii) enforcement of the
Terms
; (iii) claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties; (iv) requests for customer service; (v) technical issues; (vi) protecting the rights, property or personal safety of Yahoo, its users or the public; (vii) establishing or exercising our legal rights or defending against legal claims; or (viii) as otherwise required by law.
This may include responding to lawful governmental requests. Learn more about how we
evaluate and respond to these requests
.
New Ownership.
If the ownership or control of all or part of Yahoo or a specific Services changes as a result of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we may transfer your information to the new owner.
Details for Specific Products and Services
Additional privacy practices for certain Yahoo Services are included
here
.
Information Security and Data Retention
Yahoo has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access, use or disclosure of customer information we collect or store.
Yahoo will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the applicable Yahoo Services to you. In some cases, Yahoo has certain business or legal requirements that result in an obligation to retain your personal information for an extended period of time. These obligations may include financial record keeping, ensuring continuity of our products or services, security, fraud, and abuse prevention, or compliance with our legal obligations. In some limited cases, we may keep data for longer than needed for the purposes set out in the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
, such as: (i) replicating or backing up certain data to “offline” storage for disaster recovery purposes; (ii) truncating, redacting or summarizing raw data, log files and database records into statistical aggregate data or probabilistic data structures to understand long term trends; (iii) maintaining de-identified data for varying periods for research, reporting and product testing or development (in these cases, unique identifiers and linkages to existing data about you are broken or removed so that this data is no longer associated with you, your browser, or device); or (iv) keeping and using certain data to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements (for example, we might keep data associated with an account subject to litigation or a request from law enforcement). For specific information about your personal information or how your personal information is processed by a particular Yahoo product or service you may interact with, please log into the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
.
Protecting Children’s Privacy
Our Services are for a general audience. We do not knowingly collect, use, or share information that could reasonably be used to identify children under age 13 without prior parental consent or consistent with applicable law. With parental permission, a child under age 13 might have a Yahoo Family Account. Visit
Children's Privacy & Family Accounts
to learn more about children’s privacy at Yahoo.
Our Legal Bases for Processing Information.
We mainly rely on three separate bases to lawfully process your information. First, we need to process your information in certain ways to provide our services to you, in accordance with our Terms of Service. This processing is necessary to perform the contract between you and us. Second, where you have given us consent to use your information in certain ways, we will rely on your consent. Third, in certain cases, we may process your information where necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of third parties, where those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests. Occasionally, Yahoo may rely on other legal bases to process your information, such as to protect a user’s vital interests (such as where there is a risk of imminent harm) or to comply with a legal obligation. Please see our
Legal bases
page for more information.
Data Processing and Transfers
When you use or interact with any of our Services, you consent to the data processing, sharing, transferring and uses of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Regardless of the country where you reside, you authorize us to transfer, process, store and use your information in countries other than your own in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to provide you with Services. Some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the country where you reside.
Yahoo processes information related to individuals in the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland and receives that information from the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland through various compliance mechanisms, including the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the UK Extension to the DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Where appropriate, we also rely on other transfer mechanisms such as data processing agreements based on Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission or the United Kingdom. For more information, please visit our
Data Transfer
page.
The United States and other non-EU/EEA/UK countries have different laws on data protection and rules in relation to government access to information. If you are based in the EU/EEA/UK, when your data is moved from your home country to a third country outside the EU/EEA/UK, some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as your home country.
Other Important Information
This Privacy Policy Applies Only to Yahoo.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control, or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage. In addition, some affiliated products may have different privacy policies and practices that are not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so you should check it periodically. If we make changes that are material we will provide you with appropriate notice before such changes take effect.
Questions & Suggestions
If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please complete a
feedback form
or you can contact us at:
Yahoo
Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues
770 Broadway, New York
NY 10003, USA
If you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can do so by post to: Attn: Data Protection Officer, Yahoo EMEA, The EXO Building, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, D01 W5Y2, Ireland.
Our Article 27 Representative can be contacted by email at
YahooGDPRrepresentative@mhc.ie
, or by post at:
MHC GDPR Representative
Mason Hayes and Curran Professional Services Limited
South Bank House
Barrow Street
Dublin 4
Ireland
Recent Updates
May 2018 - update to privacy notice;
October 2019 - Oath to Verizon Media name change;
October 2020 - updates to data transfers and legal bases; and
September 2021 - updates to reflect name change; additional information added regarding data retention;
September 2024 - updates to data transfers.
December 2024 - updates to Information from Cookies and Other Technologies; additional information added regarding data sharing with trusted partners.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
Sub-policy 11
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/fc748b3d96224fdb825ea79e132c1a56:
We're sorry but 腾讯隐私保护平台 doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
下载
下载
Sub-policy 12
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Website Privacy Policy
Last updated May 28, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to: (i) use of the AppsFlyer owned and operated Websites (appsflyer.com, onelink.me and their subdomains); (ii) our marketing activities including, registrations as part of webinars, conference events, emails etc.; and (iii) any other product or activity that links to, or otherwise references, this privacy policy (collectively, the “Marketing Platforms“). We respect your privacy rights and value your trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use by customers of the AppsFlyer service, which is described under our
Services Privacy Policy
.
Information We Collect
When using or interacting with our Marketing Platforms, we may collect or receive the following types of information (collectively, “Information”).
“Personal Information” such as name, email, contact details or any other personal content that you provide to us whether through a form or field on our website or any other communication (e.g. email, phone, post etc.).
“Technical Information” such as browser type, operating system, device type, IP address and other similar technical information typically received from a browser or device automatically when visiting or interacting with our Marketing Platforms. This may include the referring URL that led you to our website.
“Usage Information” such as the pages you visited on our website, where you clicked, searches performed on our website and other similar information related to how you have used our website. It may also include information related to whether you receive, opened or clicked on any links in an email sent to you.
We understand that certain Technical information or Usage Information may, either alone or when combined with other data, be deemed personal data under various laws and jurisdictions and we are committed to treating such data in compliance with applicable laws.
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
Depending on the type of Information, we may collect or receive Information in the following ways:
When you voluntarily share Information with us. For example, when you register to one of our events, request that we contact you through our online forms, submit your CV, or when you request to receive certain content that we may make available (e.g. research and white papers).
Through use of cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. HTML5 Local Storage, LSO, web beacons, JavaScript, etc.). These technologies help us to analyze how our Marketing Platforms are used and to tailor content that is relevant to you. It also helps us to deliver more relevant advertisements to you on our own or third party sites. For more information on such technologies, including how to manage your cookie preferences please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information obtained from third party sources. This includes Information received through the various business support tools and services that we use (e.g. marketing platforms, analytics services etc.) and public sources such as social media sites. We may combine the Information received through these sources with other Information we have in order to ensure our records are up to date and so that we are able to provide you with relevant content.
You have choices in how we collect and use Information. See the “
Your Choices
” section below for more information.
The Purposes
We use Information for the following purposes:
To process your inquiries and to respond to your requests. For example, when you contact us to learn more about our products or services or when you request to receive certain materials from us (e.g. white papers, research papers, product and services information). Additionally, if you submit your CV to us, we use it to evaluate your candidacy (including by assessing your qualifications and skills).
To send you information related to our services and products that we believe may interest you, such as newsletters or product and service updates. Such communications will be sent to you when you have chosen to receive such communication or when we have a legitimate interest to market our products and services. In any event, you will always be able to opt-out of receiving such communications. Opting out may be done either directly in the communication received or through the ways described in the instructions in the “
Your Choices
” section below.
To understand how you have used our Marketing Platforms and to customize them in accordance with your interests and past actions and choices. We do this based on our legitimate interest to operate our Marketing Platforms, diagnose any problems with the Marketing Platforms and to improve the Marketing Platforms and your experience when navigating through them.
In our legitimate interest to prevent fraud or harm to us or to any third party, and ensure the security of our network and services.
Where it is necessary for AppsFlyer to comply with its legal obligations and to exercise and enforce its legal rights.
We may use certain third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Who We Share Information With
In order to conduct our business and operate our Marketing Platforms, we may share Information with various third parties, such as:
Our subsidiary companies and global branches.
Third parties that help us operate our Marketing Platforms (e.g. hosting company, recruitment platforms and agencies, payment processors, business management and email distribution service providers and other similar service providers). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When required by law, such as to comply with court orders, search warrants, regulatory orders, subpoenas, and other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
Legal authorities, consultants, advisors or service providers when required to investigate, respond to, or prevent, fraud; or when required to ensure the security of our network and services and protect the safety of AppsFlyer or the public.
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, Information may be transferred to the merging or acquiring company, as well as to any advisors representing a party during discussions of such merger or acquisition.
AppsFlyer resellers, agents, partners or service providers acting on our behalf in connection with the offering of AppsFlyer’s products or services.
Third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Without derogating from the foregoing, AppsFlyer may publish general aggregate and unidentifiable information (e.g. statistical information) relating to use of its Marketing Platforms.
Cross Border Data Transfers and Mechanisms
We may need to transfer Information to countries where we and/or our service providers operate. Such countries may be different from the country in which the data originated and where data protection laws may not be equivalent to, or offer the same protection as, those in your country. By using our Marketing Platforms, you agree to any such transfers. In any event, where appropriate given the nature of services, we will put in place agreements with our service providers to ensure a level of privacy consistent with the terms of this policy.
With regards to the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
AppsFlyer Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. AppsFlyer Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as well as to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view AppsFlyer’s certification, please visit
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over AppsFlyer Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and in case of onward transfer of data to third parties, AppsFlyer maintains liability.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, AppsFlyer is committed to resolving any complaints arising regarding our processing of your personal data. You may direct your queries to privacy@appsflyer.com and, in compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we are committed to referring unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you and allow for binding arbitration.
Protecting Your Information
We strive to meet the highest standards of security measures across our business units. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures based on industry-leading standards. Such measures are designed to protect against unauthorized access or unlawful processing of Personal Information and against accidental loss, destruction or damage of Personal Information. As part of such measures, we have established various policies and procedures that guide us, including in respect of asset management, access management, physical security, people security, product security, cloud and network infrastructure security, third-party security, vulnerability management, security monitoring, and incident response.
Information Storage and Retention
We may store Information on our own servers as well as those operated by third party data hosting providers. As specified in Section 5 above (Cross Border Transfers), such servers may be located worldwide. We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to pursue the purpose of the collection. We may also retain your Personal Information for such time needed to pursue our legitimate business interests, in connection with any legal claims and compliance with legal obligations. When we use your information for direct marketing purposes, we will retain your data until you opt-out from receiving the marketing materials; provided that we will need to retain certain information to maintain a record of your request.
Modifications to This Policy
AppsFlyer may amend this Privacy Policy at any time, provided that in the event of a material change we shall provide notice on this page and/or a note near the link to this page. The updates shall apply immediately for new Information collected or provided as of the day of the update and following thirty (30) days for any Information collected or provided to AppsFlyer prior to the update date. If you do not agree to the terms of the new policy you are requested to contact the Legal Department using the contact details listed in Section 11 below. We encourage you to periodically review this page for any updates.
Your Choices
We provide you with various choices on how we may use Information in connection with: (i) our marketing activities; and (ii) our use of cookies and similar technologies to serve your interest-based advertisements and to analyze usage of our Marketing Platforms.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page, or you can contact us at
https://www.appsflyer.com/company/contact/
. You can manage your preferences related to our use of cookies and similar technologies that we use, among other things, to provide you with targeted interest-based advertisements and to analyze your use of our Marketing Platforms – please see our
Cookie Policy
for instructions. Additionally, certain advertisers (including Google) we work with may be members of NAI and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance. You may opt-out from such advertisers’ services here or at the following link:
https://youradchoices.com/
In addition, the laws of some jurisdictions may provide you with various rights in connection with our processing of certain Information. Such rights may include:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. For any additional information regarding such rights or to exercise any such rights please contact AppsFlyer at: privacy@appsflyer.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Social Media and Third Party Services
Our website may offer a blog with ‘comments’ section and various social media features, such as a ‘share’ button or links to third party websites and services, including Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and Facebook. When using any such features, certain information may be collected by such third parties, including your IP address or which page you are visiting on our website, and such third parties may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Any data collected by such third parties is governed by such third party’s privacy policy. You are encouraged to carefully review such third party privacy policies.
Children’s Privacy
AppsFlyer does not knowingly collect or process personal data from or with respect to children under the age of 16, and you must be 16 years of age or older in order to establish an account for AppsFlyer’s Services. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted his or her personal data or other data without your consent, permission, or authorization – please let us know immediately, and we will promptly act to remove your child’s data from our database, cease the use of such data and inform any other party we suspect to have access to such data to do the same.
California Privacy Rights
We may collect personal information about California residents who are afforded additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (the “CCPA“). If you are a California resident, you can see more details about the types of personal information we have collected from you in the past 12 months and may collect from you in Section 1 above (
Information We Collect
) and how we collect such personal information in Section 2 above (
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
). The purposes for which we collect your personal information are further described in Section 3 above (
The Purpose
). We do not share your personal information with any third party except as further described in Section 4 above (
Who We Share Information With
). Please refer to the other terms of this Privacy Policy to see further rights afforded to you and how we use your personal information.
We do not “Sell” (as defined in the CCPA) your personal information which we have collected or may collect and in the event we will Sell your personal information, we will notify you by updating this Privacy Policy in accordance with Section 8 above (
Modifications to this Policy
) and we will provide you with the option of opting out of such “sale”.
You, as a California resident, have certain rights regarding your personal information pursuant to the CCPA, subject to certain restrictions under applicable laws, including the rights to access your personal information, to delete your personal information, and to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data. You may request any of these by contacting us via email at
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. Upon your request, we will verify that you are the person making this request and in order to do so, we may request identification documents from you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Website Privacy Policy, the information we collect, the practices of AppsFlyer, or your dealings with the Marketing Platforms, please contact us or our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany Schönhauser Allee 180, 10119 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49 30 166373500).
Sub-policy 13
https://legal.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/dashboard/index.html:
Terms
Privacy Center
Back
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
Back
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Back
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Terms
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Privacy Dashboard and Controls
Your privacy is important to us. Select a brand below to see and manage how your information is used by Yahoo.
Yahoo Brands
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12