LOYALTY CODE:
The paper code cannot be redeemed when browsing in private/incognito mode. Please go to a normal browser window and enter the code there
SIGN IN
USE PAPER CODE
SUBSCRIBE
Latest headlines
Editorial
Viewpoints
Farmer Writes
The Dealer
Northern Ireland
Schools Hub
Young Stock Hub
Beef
Dairy
Sheep
Animal health
Pedigree
Pigs
Poultry
Agribusiness
Tillage
Machinery
Property
Buildings
Forestry
Climate
Renewables
Farm safety
Sponsored articles
Specialist articles
Tools & calculators
Farm programmes
eLearning
Merchandise
Magazines
Videos
Podcasts
Photography
Traction Marketing
FarmersMarket.ie
The Irish Field
Irish Country Magazine
The Irish Garden
Features
Columns
Food
Health
Gardening
Careers
The Irish Horse
Contact us
Advertise with us
Company information
Career opportunities
Privacy statement
Terms of service
Commenting policy
Cookie Settings
© Irish Farmers Journal 2025
ENTER YOUR LOYALTY CODE:
UNLOCK
The reader loyalty code gives you full access to the site from when you enter it until the following Wednesday at 9pm. Find your unique code on the back page of Irish Country Living every week.
CODE ACCEPTED
You have full access to farmersjournal.ie on this browser until 9pm next Wednesday. Thank you for buying the paper and using the code.
CODE NOT VALID
Please try again or contact us.
UNLOCK
For assistance, call 01 4199525
or email subs@farmersjournal.ie
Read about how the code works here
Sign in
Incorrect details
Please try again or reset password
Email address
This field is required.
Password
This field is required.
SIGN IN
RESET PASSWORD
SUBSCRIBE
If would like to speak to a member of
our team, please call us on 01-4199525
Reset
password
Please enter your email address and we
will send you a link to reset your password
This field is required.
If would like to speak to a member of
our team, please call us on 01-4199525
Link sent to
your email
address
We have sent an email to your address.
Please click on the link in this email to reset
your password. If you can't find it in your inbox,
please check your spam folder. If you can't
find the email, please call us on 01-4199525.
Email address
not recognised
There is no subscription associated with this email
address. To read our subscriber-only content.
please subscribe or use the reader loyalty code.
TRY AGAIN
USE THE CODE
SUBSCRIBE
If would like to speak to a member of
our team, please call us on 01-4199525
Oops. It looks like
that page has calved
GO TO HOMEPAGE
About Cookies
We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. You can modify your cookie preferences by clicking on cookie settings within our
Cookie Policy
Cookie Settings
Accept All Cookies
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
Off
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Off
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Off
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Back
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
View Third Party Cookies
Name
cookie name
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel