Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
At SANDOW Companies LLC (together with all its affiliates, the “
SANDOW Companies
”, “
we
” or “
us
”), the privacy of your Personal Information is important to us. We are committed to providing you with an experience on all of our websites (including at
sandow.com
,
sandowdesign.com
,
interiordesign.net
,
luxesource.com
,
metropolismag.com
,
newbeauty.com
,
design-milk.com
,
thinklab.design
,
leadersmag.com
,
mediajetnetwork.com
,
thecurator.com
,
architizer.com
,
designtvbysandow.com
), mobile applications and related online or offline services (collectively, the “
Services
”) that is designed to be safe, secure and trustworthy.  We work hard to be transparent about what Personal Information we collect and process, while striving to use clear and direct language to describe our privacy practices to help you make informed decisions.
This Privacy Policy describes our practices for collecting, storing, processing and sharing your Personal Information, and the controls we provide you to manage it within our Services. This Policy also describes your choices about the collection and use of your information.
Please read this Policy carefully before you start to use our Services. By using the Services, you agree to be bound and abide by our posted
Terms of Use
(the “
Terms
”) and this Policy. If you do not agree to the Terms and this Policy, or if you violate them in any way, your right to access or use the Services is terminated. PLEASE SEE SECTIONS 14-17 IN OUR TERMS REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS IN ANY DISPUTE INVOLVING OUR SERVICES, INCLUDING MANDATORY ARBITRATION AND A WAIVER OF RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OR CLASS ACTION.
2. How we collect information
“
Personal Information
” is information that identifies or is reasonably capable of being identified with an individual person, directly or indirectly. We may collect such information about you by various means, including:
Directly from you, both online (e.g., website, app, email) and offline (e.g., phone);
From other third party sources and social media platforms that you may use to engage with us (which may include public content and demographic information licensed to us by third parties to personalize our Services);
Through your use of our Services; and
By combining information from different sources, including online and offline data.
3. Categories of Personal Information we collect
In order to provide you with our Services, we may collect the following categories of information:
Account and Transactional Information
, such as your name, title, business/company. email address, mailing address, username and password, phone number, additional account information you provide (e.g., profile picture, age, location), account profile settings, demographic information you may provide, and shipping or transactional information.
Payment Information
you provide for a purchase (including subscriptions), such as credit/debit card information and billing/shipping addresses
User Content
you voluntarily post through our Services including in community discussions (see our Terms for more information about User Content).
Social media profile information
, such as when posting to us online social media platforms, or signing into an account with us using a Social Login (like with your Facebook account) profile that you choose to provide to us (for example, your Facebook profile information)
Other submissions and communications
, including information that you provide to us when you answer email surveys or online questionnaires offered through our Services (for example, user names, e-mail addresses and mailing addresses for select mailings from third parties, as well as opinions and preferences)
Contests and promotions
, including information when you voluntarily participate in contests and special promotions we run through any of our Services.
Offline activity
you directly engage with us, if any; and
Online User Activity
described in the next section.
If you provide us with information regarding another individual (such as a gift card recipient or family member), you represent that you have that person’s consent to give us their information and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Policy.
4. What information do we collect through your use of the Services (Online User Activity)?
Computer and mobile device information, including information about how you access any of our Services, including the website you visited before and after visiting on of our websites, viewing our emails and clicking on email links, and the Internet Protocol (“
IP
”) address of your computer, mobile device, or proxy server you use to access the internet, in addition to other information such as your device’s operating system, browser version, device identifier, and internet service provider or mobile carrier.
Information from cookies and similar technologies, as described in our Cookie Policy. Please refer to our Cookie Policy to learn about our practices and the controls we provide you.
Information shared through social media features, for example, if you interact with social media through our Services, such as our Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram and LinkedIn pages, we may collect these interactions and whatever account information these services make available to us (note that your interaction with these third-party platform are also subject to by the privacy disclosures of those respective platforms)
Information from your use of the Services, such as your when you perform a search, view a page, click on a link, post content, save/share content, etc.
Note that we operate different websites and apps which may be subject to a different posted Cookie Policy.
5. How do we use information we collect?
We may use the information we obtain about you for purposes allowed by applicable laws, including:
Provide our Services to you, including to maintain your Account, post User Content, and manage any purchases or transactions;
Communicate with you, including to respond to your requests, questions and comments and provide customer support, provide important notices, inform you of product changes or new products and services, send out surveys and questionnaires, and ask you to participate in media productions or testimonials;
Tailor the content we display to you in our Services and communications, including advertising, and offer products and services that we believe may be of interest to you, and where permitted by applicable laws, on behalf of our partners;
Monitor the performance of our Services including metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns;
Operate, evaluate and improve our Services and other products and services we offer (including to develop new services), and diagnose or fix technology problems;
Analyze and enhance our communications and strategies;
Conduct scientific and statistical research;
Inform you about changes to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and other policies;
Train and use AI tools as described in our Terms;
Comply with and enforce as needed applicable legal requirements, industry standards, our policies and our contractual rights, as needed for security purposes, and to investigate possible fraud or safety issues; and
As may otherwise be disclosed at the time of collection.
We may also use or share information in an anonymized or aggregate manner for many purposes such as research, analysis, modeling, marketing, and improvement of our Services.
6. How we share information
We will not disclose your Personal Information without consent, except in the following circumstances:
As discussed above, certain Online User Activity may be shared through third party targeted advertising cookies or other tools, including or through remarketing services so that third-party websites can serve interest-based ad targeting to a user about new products and offers from us or our partners (see below regarding your ability to opt-out of such advertising);
We may allow users to post certain User Content through our Services, and such information is generally made public as posted;
We may share your information with service providers that we believe need the information to perform a technology, business, or other professional function for us (examples include IT services, maintenance and hosting of our Services, payment processors, shipping and returns partners, marketing partners, analytics, fraud prevention and other service providers). We only provide such vendors with information so they can perform their required functions on our behalf;
We also may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) when we believe disclosure is necessary to prevent harm or financial loss, (iii) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity; (iv) to enforce our Terms and other legal rights; and (v) under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our staff, users or the public (if we are compelled to disclose your information to law enforcement, we will endeavor to provide you with advance notice if permitted by law to do so);
We may transfer the information we maintain in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets, but in such event, we will make reasonable efforts to direct the recipient to use your Personal Information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy; and
If you choose to use Social Login (e.g., Facebook) to create or access your Account, you understand that some limited information regarding your activity may be accessible to that third party provider as a result of such use.
Note that we do not share your text message program enrollment or consent with third parties for their own purposes.
Where appropriate, we will limit sharing of your information in accordance with the choices you have provided to us and consistent with applicable law.
7. Your privacy choices
Generally
:
We offer you certain choices about what information we collect from you, how we use and disclose the information, and how we communicate with you.
Marketing Emails
: From time to time, we may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communications. You may choose not to receive marketing emails from our individual brands by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the brand’s marketing emails you receive from us. Even if you opt out of receiving such communications, we will continue sending you non-marketing email communications, such as administrative or transaction alerts, or information about changes to our Terms.
Text messages
: If you affirmatively consent to receive text messages from us and enroll in such a program, you will receive updates via text unless you opt-out of the text message program. These messages may be unencrypted. Message frequency may vary based on the Services. If at any time you would like to stop receiving text message notifications, please text “STOP” in reply to our message, we will send you a reply message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed and you will no longer receive messages from us. If you want to join again, just sign up as you did the first time and we will start sending messages to you again. If at any time you forget what keywords are supported, just text “HELP” back to us and we will respond with instructions on how to use our service as well as how to unsubscribe.
Mobile accounts
: If you create an Account through one of our mobile apps, you may delete your account and request deletion of your information where indicated or by contacting us.
Cookies
: As described in our Cookie Policy, web browsers may offer users the ability to disable receiving certain types of cookies; however, if cookies are disabled, some features or functionality of our Services may not function correctly.
Device settings
: Your device may enable you to disable certain permissions or functionality in our Apps (e.g., location); however, when necessary permissions or functionality are disabled, some features or functionality of our website may not function correctly. You can also disable pop-up notifications in device settings.
State-Specific Rights
:
In addition to the disclosures provided in this Policy, if you are a resident of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Virginia, Texas or Oregon (or Montana as of October 1, 2024) or any other state with a comprehensive state privacy law in effect, you can exercise certain additional rights regarding your Personal Information to the extent provided that that law. In particular:
You may request a copy of the following: (1) the categories of Personal Information we collected about you; (2) the categories of sources from which the Personal Information is collected; (3) the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling (if applicable) the Personal Information; (4) the categories of third parties with whom we shared Personal Information, and the categories of Personal Information shared; and (5) the specific pieces of your Personal Information that we have collected, used, disclosed, or sold.
You may request that we (and our service providers) correct your Personal Information if it is inaccurate or delete your Personal Information. Note that deletion requests are subject to certain limitations, for example, we may retain Personal Information as permitted by law, such as for tax or other record keeping purposes, to maintain an active account, to process transactions and facilitate customer requests, and for certain other internal business purposes described in our Privacy Policy.
If you have an Account with us, you may access certain Personal Information (such as profile and transaction information) directly through your Account after logging in to the Services, and may update and correct certain profile information as well. Otherwise, to request a copy of Personal Information we have collected about you, to request a correction of your information, or to request that the your information be deleted, please contact us as directed below. You may authorize another person (your “agent”) to submit a request on your behalf the same way. After you (or your agent) submit a request, we will check our records for matching information and contact you (typically via email at the email address provided during submission of your request) with instructions on how to verify the request before we fulfill it. We will aim to complete your requests as soon as reasonably practicable and consistent with any applicable laws. Note that you can close an Account or opt out of email or marketing lists as provided above.
To submit any requests, or if you have questions or concerns, you should contact us at
privacy@sandow.com
.
You may also make a privacy request by clicking here.
You may also have the right at any time to opt out of (i) selling or sharing of your Personal Information to third parties, and (ii) targeted advertising through third parties. We may provide certain Personal Information to advertising businesses and other third parties, such as to provide targeted advertising, customer analytics, a more personalized experience and special offers to you. Specifically, identifying information, Online User Activity (as described above) and/or transaction information may be shared through targeting cookies and data extracts, and we may benefit from these activities. You can opt-out of such sharing (which may be referred to as a “Do Not Sell or Share” right). For cookies and other online tools subject to these requirements, we will provide an opt-out mechanism on our Services where required as described in our Cookie Policy.  You can opt-out of third party data extracts by contacting us as directed above.
Privacy laws may provide you with other opt-out rights which are inapplicable to us. In particular, we do not engage in impactful profiling activities with respect to users, and we do not collect, use or disclose sensitive Personal Information (such as government identification number, precise geolocation, financial account information, etc.) except for the specific purpose(s) that you provide it.
We may not, and will not, discriminate against any customer for exercising their privacy rights, including those provided by the applicable privacy laws. Please note that we may otherwise continue to share your Personal Information with our affiliates and service providers, and as otherwise directed by you, for the purposes described in our Privacy Policy.
If we deny a privacy request, you may appeal the decision to us at the contact information provided above. To the extent possible, please describe the basis for your appeal and if there is any specific Personal Information that concern you. We will endeavor to provide a prompt response.
Additional notice for California residents
Enumerated categories of information
. In at least the past 12 months, we have collected the categories of Personal Information described above in this Policy, which includes: (1)
Identifiers
such as name, email address, IP address, postal address and phone number, such as if you visit our Services, create an account or make a purchase with us; (2)
Commercial Information
such as your purchase history; (3)
Internet activity
regarding your interaction with our Services such as pages visited, product searches, browser type, browser language and other information collected automatically; (4)
Professional or employment-related information
that we receive from you or third party partners, (5)
Geolocation data
including location enabled services on browsers and mobile devices (not precise coordinates); (5)
Sensitive Personal Information
such as your account credentials and payment information for our Services, and financial information you provide to make a purchase; and (6)
Inferences
from the above for internal analytics and targeted advertising. For more information about how we collect, use and share these categories of information, please see the above sections in this Privacy Policy.
Financial Incentives
. We do not generally provide a loyalty program or other financial incentive in return for the collection or use of Personal Information. On some occasions we may engage in a limited-time marketing event, promotional offer or discount that includes a registration or other collection of Personal Information, and we will disclose the benefits and terms of that promotion at the time of collection.
Privacy rights requests for non-users
. California privacy rights apply to all individuals (not just users of our Services), including job applicants, current and former employees, contractors and business partners. Due to the nature of these relationships, the collection and use of Personal Information can vary, as described above. All such individuals who are California residents can request additional information about our privacy practices with respect to their information, as well as make the access, deletion, correction and opt-out requests described above, by contacting us at
privacy@sandow.com
. Please provide sufficient information that we can identify you, and be aware that we may employ a more extensive authentication process to verify your identity before responding to your request.
California Privacy Rights - Direct Marketing
. If you are a resident of California, you are entitled to opt out and/or request information regarding our disclosure of your Personal Information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes within California. To make such a request, please send an email to us at
privacy@sandow.com
.  Any such request must include “California Privacy - Direct Marketing Request” in the first line of the request and include your name, street, address, city, state, and zip code. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per user each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this email address or mail address. California residents are also entitled to contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210 for suspected violations and to learn more about their rights.
Do Not Track Signals
. Because there is no consensus on how companies should respond to web browser-based do-not-track (“DNT”) mechanisms, we do not respond to such signals at this time. Users may follow cookie opt-out instructions provided here and in our Cookie Policy.
8. International Notice
This section is specifically intended for individuals residing outside of the United States (“
US
”). This includes residents of the European Economic Area ("
EEA
") including the European Union ("
EU
"), the United Kingdom ("
UK
"), Switzerland and any other relevant jurisdiction outside the United States. Note that as a US-based business we are not necessarily subject to privacy and data protection laws in your jurisdiction, but we endeavor to comply with such laws to the extent they may be applicable to us and otherwise in our reasonable discretion.
Legitimate Bases for Processing
: Where required by law, all processing of Personal Information is justified by a legally-recognized basis for processing. In the majority of cases, processing will be justified on one or more of the following bases for processing: (i) The processing is necessary to perform a contract with you (such as if you using an Account, making a purchase, or subscribing to our Services or email marketing); (ii) The processing is necessary for us to comply with a relevant legal obligation, such as keeping accounting records; (iii) The processing is in our legitimate interests, which are not overridden by your interests and fundamental rights. Our legitimate interests are to use Personal Information to reasonably and responsibly conduct and develop our business activities without abusing any privacy interests or rights of such individuals, including provision of our Services, facilitating communications between users, and engaging in promotional and advertising activities with partners that may be of interest to you; and (iv) In some instances, we rely on your consent to our processing (at times as a secondary basis for processing in an abundance of caution).
Transfer of Personal Information
:
If you use our Services from outside the United States, you acknowledge and agree that we may transfer your information to and from the United States
. If you are in the EEA/EU, the UK, Switzerland or another jurisdiction that has imposed similar legal requirements regarding the lawful transfer of Personal Information from that jurisdiction to another country (e.g., the US), to the extent that we engage in such a transfer of your Personal Information (a “
Cross-Border Transfer
”) we will take steps to ensure that such Cross-Border Transfer satisfies known legal requirements. In particular: If we transfer Personal Information to a jurisdiction deemed by relevant regulatory authorities to provide adequate protection for Personal Information, we will rely on such adequacy decision, as applicable, and will otherwise take steps to conduct the Cross-Border Transfer using other legally-valid mechanisms, such as by entering into data transfer agreements with standard contractual clauses (“
SCCs
”) among our affiliates and with relevant service providers, in any necessary supplementary safeguards. We monitor evolving laws and regulatory developments to assess if and when alternative or supplemental measures are available or necessary.
Exercising Privacy Requests
: Residents of certain jurisdictions outside the United States may be entitled to exercise certain rights under privacy laws applicable to their Personal Information. This includes the right to (a) request access to your Personal Information; (b) request that we correct inaccurate Personal Information we hold about you; (c) request that we delete any Personal Information we hold about you; (d) restrict or object (i.e., withdraw consent) to the processing of Personal Information we hold about you in some circumstances; and/or (e) receive any Personal Information we hold about you in a structured and commonly used format.  You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your supervisory authority if the processing of your Personal Information infringes applicable law. To submit any requests, or if you have questions or concerns, you should contact us at
privacy@sandow.com
.
You may also make a privacy request by clicking here.
9. Our retention practices
We retain Personal Information based on a number of factors, including (i) for business purposes such as for as long as your account is active, as long as is reasonably necessary to provide you with our products and services, and for the other purposes we use your information as described above, and (ii) as reasonably necessary to prevent fraud and abuse, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements and comply with our legal obligations, including tax, payment industry, securities, and clinical regulatory compliance requirements. We may also retain archived copies of your information for a reasonable period of time.
In some cases we choose to retain certain information (for example, usage data concerning website activity) in a depersonalized or aggregated form. Once aggregated, this information ceases to be personal and will not be subject to user deletion requests.
10. Security practices
We have implemented technical, administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect Personal Information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use and modification. We periodically review our security and privacy practices and enhance them as we believe appropriate to better protect the integrity of our systems and your Personal Information. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur, we use reasonable efforts to prevent this. Please be aware though that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We will make any legally required disclosures in the event of any compromise of Personal Information. To the extent the law allows us to provide such notification via e-mail or conspicuous posting on the Services, you agree to accept notice in that form
It is also important for you to guard against unauthorized access to your Personal Information by maintaining strong passwords and protecting against the unauthorized use of your own computer or device.
11. Links to Other Websites and Third Party Content
Our Services may contain links to other websites or online services, including social media. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other websites or online services, and we encourage you to be aware when you leave our Services and to read the privacy statements of any other website or online service that collects Personal Information.
You may see us promoted by other businesses on various websites, web pages, social media and other platforms. Please note that we do not always have complete information about where our brand may be displayed or promoted, and if you believe that we are featured in venues that are inappropriate or offensive, please contact us.
12. Children
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 18 on our Services. If you believe that a child under 18 provided Personal Information to us, please notify us. If we learn that we received Personal Information from a child under 18 without parental consent, we will endeavor to promptly delete that information.
13. Changes to this Privacy Statement
We may revise or update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the updated version on our Services. We may also notify you via email about changes to our Privacy Policy. We will indicate on our Privacy Policy when it was most recently updated. Your continued use of our Services after such updates will constitute an acknowledgment of the change and agreement to abide and be bound by the updated Privacy Policy.
14. Contacting Us
If you have any questions, concerns or comments about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or if you would like us to update information or preferences you provided to us, please contact us at:
SANDOW
Attention: Privacy Team
3651 FAU Boulevard
Boca Raton, FL 33431
Email:
privacy@sandow.com
This Privacy Policy was last updated September 13, 2024
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
Get
LUXE Interiors + Design Home Tours
, trends, news and more.
Email
*
Region of Interest
*
Region of Interest
Arizona
Austin + San Antonio
Chicago
Colorado + the Rockies
Dallas + Fort Worth
Houston
Los Angeles
Miami
Greater New York
Pacific Northwest
Palm Beach + Broward
San Francisco
Southeast
Southern California
Role
*
Job Role
Architect
Dealer/Distributor
Developer/Contractor
Interior Designer
Landscape Architect
Manufacturer
Media Buyer
Other
PR/Marketing
Product Designer
Real Estate Professional
Showroom Manager
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/cccaa63d-8471-45fc-9ef6-ffa187576844/acfd3f39-778d-4eac-b9df-6f4392225c9c:
Welcome! Please complete this form to submit a privacy request and we will respond as soon as possible by email. Thank you.
I am a (an)
Employee or Job Applicant
Customer
Prospective Customer
Magazine Recipient
Event Attendee
None of the choices apply to me
What are you requesting?
You may select multiple choices in one request.
Access to my Personal Information
Correction of my Personal Information
Erasure of my Personal Information
Restriction of how Sandow processes my Personal Information
Withdraw my consent for processing my Personal Information
I want to object to Sandow's processing of my Personal Information
A transfer of my Personal Information
I'd like to opt-out of any sale of my Personal Information
I'd like information about Sandow's use of Personal Information
First Name
Enter the first name of the data subject
Last Name
Enter the last name of the data subject
Email
Please enter your email for correspondence with the data request.  We will only use this email to communicate with you about your request.
Request Details
Enter any additional information or context in this section that will help us process your request.

Please do not enter any Personal Information here.  We will ask you for only the Personal Information we need to verify your identity and act on your request.
0/ 5000
Is this request for you, or is it made for someone else?
*
&nbsp;
Submit Privacy Request
Please make sure to explain your  relationship with Sandow and how we can help you in the Request Details field below.
You may select multiple choices in one request.
You may have the right to request confirmation from us as to whether we process your Personal Information and to request access to any Personal Information we hold about you.
You may have the right to obtain without undue delay the correction of any inaccurate Personal Information we hold about you.
You may have the right to request that Personal Information held about you is deleted.
You may have the right to prevent or restrict processing of your Personal Information.
Where processing is based on consent, you may have the right to withdraw such consent.
You may have the right to object to the processing of your Personal Information when you have legitimate reasons to do so.
You may have the right to request transfer of your Personal Information directly to a third party where this is technically feasible.
Please be aware that when you opt-out of receiving certain communications, it may affect the services you have chosen to receive from Sandow where accepting the communications is necessary for Sandow to provide the services to you.
If you are a verified California resident, you have the right to obtain certain information about our collection and use of Personal Information over the past twelve (12) months.
Enter the first name of the data subject
Enter the last name of the data subject
Please enter your email for correspondence with the data request.  We will only use this email to communicate with you about your request.
Enter any additional information or context in this section that will help us process your request.

Please do not enter any Personal Information here.  We will ask you for only the Personal Information we need to verify your identity and act on your request.