LIMA SKY PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: December 17, 2020
Lima Sky, LLC (“
Lima Sky
,” “
we
,” “
us
”) has adopted this privacy policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) to explain how Lima Sky collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with Lima Sky’s products, services, games, Doodle Jump (“
Games
”) and websites (together “
Services
”).
Should you have any questions relating to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@limasky.com.
Lima Sky reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It.
When you visit and/or use our Services, we may collect information from the device you are using. All of these types of information we may collect about you are called your “
Personal Information.
” When you visit the Services, we automatically collect certain information that does not tell us who you are, but may let us identify the specific device you are using to visit the Services (such as your computer, tablet, or smartphone) (“
Device
”), and information about your web browser, your Device manufacturer, your operating system and version, network information, IP address and general location information, and your time zone and language settings. As you browse the Services, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view on the Services, what websites or search terms referred you to the Services, and information about how you interact with the Services. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “
Device Information
.”
We and our Service Providers (defined below) collect Device Information by setting cookies and other tracking technologies on the Services. For more information about cookies and other tracking technologies we use on the Services, and how you can control their use, please review our Cookie Policy in Section 9 below.
Sharing Your Personal Information with Third Parties.
Service Providers.
Like most companies, we use tools from service providers to help us run our business (“
Service Providers
”). Depending on the service we need, these Service Providers may have access to your Personal Information.
We require all Service Providers to treat your Personal Information as confidential information and only use it for the services we need. However, we do not have direct control over how Service Providers use your Personal Information, and we cannot guarantee that our Service Providers will use your Personal Information as we have told them. For this reason, we are not responsible for our Service Providers’ misuse of your Personal Information.
For more information on how Service Providers use your Personal Information, please review our Service Provider’s privacy policy.
Lima Sky Service Providers
Name
Service Provider Type
Privacy Policy URL
Apple
Payment Processing
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Google Play
Payment Processing
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Flurry
Analytics and Advertising
http://www.flurry.com/legal-privacy/privacy-policy
Ad Colony
Advertising
https://www.adcolony.com/consumer-privacy/
Ad Mob
Advertising
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Amazon Ads
Advertising
https://www.amazon.com/
gp/help/customer/display.html/
?ie=UTF8&nodeId=468496&ref_=a20m_us_fnav_l_prvcy_us
AppLoving
Advertising
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Chartboost
Advertising
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Facebook
Advertising
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Fyber
Advertising
https://www.fyber.com/privacy-policy/
HyperMx
Advertising
https://www.hyprmx.com/pp
IronSource
Advertising
http://www.ironsrc.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/ironSource-Privacy-Policy.pdf
Lifestreet
Advertising
https://lifestreet.com/privacy/
MoPub Marketplace
Advertising
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy
Pangle
Advertising
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
TapJoy
Advertising
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/players/privacy-policy/
Unity Ads
Advertising
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle
Advertising
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Business Transfers.
As Lima Sky grows and changes, we may reorganize our company, join with or create new companies, or start business relationships with other companies. When any of these changes happen, any information you provide may be shared with or transferred to these companies (subject to any pre-existing privacy notice unless you consent otherwise). If Lima Sky is bought or merges with another business, your information will likely be transferred to that business. You understand and agree that we reserve the right to transfer any information collected from you in these cases. If a change happens, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you before information about you is transferred and a different privacy policy would apply.
Legal.
We may disclose information you provide to respond to subpoenas, court orders, requests from authorities, and other legal processes, and to establish/exercise our legal rights. We may also disclose your information to defend against legal claims when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. We may share your information to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law.
How Is My Personal Information Used for Analytics?
As an online business, it is important for us to know how users interact with our Service. We and our Service Providers will collect your location information and Device Information so we can deliver our Service to our users, measure, analyze, and improve our Service, and update and develop our Service. For example, we will use this information to fix any bugs or errors in the Service, study the demographics of our users, and to decide if we need to support a new device type for the Service.
How Is My Personal Information Used for Advertising?
To help us keep our Games running, we show ads in our Games with the help of third-party advertising partners (“
Ad Partners
”). We integrate Ad Partners’ technologies into our Games which are then used by the Ad Partners to determine what kind of ads to display to you.
Do Ad Partners Collect My Personal Information?
In order to show you ads that you might find interesting and/or relevant (“
Targeted Ads
”), Ad Partners collect and use your advertising ID, location information, and Device information. If location services are enabled in your Device settings, the Ad Partners may additionally collect your geolocation information. Because these Ad Partners’ technologies control what kind of Personal Information is collected from your Device and how it is used, we encourage you to review their respective privacy policies.
How to Opt-Out of Receiving Targeted Ads.
If you do not want to receive Targeted Ads on your mobile Device, your mobile Device may give you the option to opt-out of receiving Targeted Ads on all apps on your Device. On Android Devices, you may opt-out by enabling the “Opt out of Ads Personalization” setting. On iOS Devices, you may opt-out by enabling the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting. Please note that if you opt-out of receiving Targeted Ads, you will still receive contextual ads, which are non-targeted ads related to the content of the Game you are playing.
Ads for the Games on Third-Party Websites and/or Apps.
In addition to running ads in our Games, we also run ads to promote our Games in third-party websites and/or apps. When we run our own ads in third-party websites and/or apps, Service Providers help us optimize and measure performance of our ads and use their own tracking technologies to track Game installs and clicks and/or impressions of our ads. In some cases, we will share your hashed or anonymized advertising ID with our Ad Partners so that the Ad Partner can help us market and promote our Games. In these cases, Ad Partners perform as Lima Sky’s Service Providers and we contractually require such Ad Partners to only use your Personal Information on our behalf. If you wish to opt-out of your Personal Information being shared with Ad Partners in this way, please contact us at info@limasky.com.
Ads for Users in EU
Lima Sky may display to you behaviorally targeted advertising. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, subject to the GDPR guidelines, you may be asked to confirm your desire to receive personalized advertising utilizing your Device ID, coarse location and other data and to confirm that you are 16 years of age or older. If you consent, you can always choose to opt-out at a later date by using the settings on your phone or tablet. Additionally please note that, if you “opt out,” it does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising. It just means that the advertising you see displayed will not be customized to you and your interests, and may be less relevant to you.
Do Not Track.
Please note that we do not change our Services data collection and use practices when we see a “Do Not Track” signal from your browser.
Social Media Features and Tools.
The Services may include integrated social media features and tools, such as seeing your Facebook friends leaderboard in the Game. These features may collect information on your friend’s name and IDs. Social media features and tools are hosted by Facebook, and your interactions with these integrated social media features and tools are governed by the privacy policy available at:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
.
Third Parties and Their Policies.
Throughout the Services, you may see links to third-party websites or applications. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third-party sites, and when accessing their sites, we encourage you to read their privacy policies.
Data Retention
Lima Sky retains the data collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy for the period necessary for our legitimate business purposes or to comply with legal requirements. Thereafter if the collected data is no longer needed for purposes specified in this Privacy Policy, Lima Sky deletes all aforementioned data in its possession within a reasonable timeframe.
If you would like your Personal Information deleted, please contact us info@limasky.com.
Cookies, Beacons and Tracking
What are Cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your Device by a website you visit. Commonly, companies use cookies on their websites to identify visitors, to remember visitors’ preferences, to better understand how visitors use and interact with the website, and to keep visitors logged into their accounts while they navigate the website. Cookies are either first-party cookies, which belong to the domain you are visiting, or third-party cookies, which are set by and belong to a different domain than the one that you are currently visiting.
Your Control Over Cookies.
In some cases, a third party might give you the ability to opt-out of receiving their cookies. Please review the third party’s privacy policy and/or cookie policy for more information. You can also control how cookies are used by updating your browser settings to accept or refuse all or certain types of cookies. If you choose to reject certain cookies, please note that the Services and/or some of its features may not work properly.
Safeguards
Lima Sky follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in Lima Sky’s possession. Data collected by Lima Sky is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent unauthorized on-line access to data, Lima Sky maintains data behind a firewall-protected server. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
Special Notice REGARDING MINORS.
Lima Sky does not knowingly collect Personal Information from persons under the age of 13. If it comes to Lima Sky’s attention that Personal Information has been collected from a person under the age of 13, Lima Sky will delete this information. If you believe that Lima Sky may have Personal Information from or about a person under the age of 13, please contact Lima Sky at
info@limasky.com
.
For Customers in the European Union and Brazil.
Legal Basis for Processing.
Our legal basis for collecting, using, and sharing your Personal Information will depend on the purpose for which we use your Personal Information. Typically, we will rely on the following legal bases for processing your Personal Information: (i) your consent; (ii) where our processing is in our legitimate interest or in the legitimate interest of our Ad Partners or Service Providers; or (iii) where our processing is necessary to perform a contract with you (e.g. to make the Games or Websites accessible to you). If we rely on your consent to process your Personal Information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Your Personal Information Rights.
If you would like to exercise your rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction of processing, data portability, and/or your right to object to the processing of your Personal Information, please follow the instructions described in Section 8. If you would like to opt-out of your Personal Information being shared with our Ad Partners, please follow the instructions in Section 4(b).
Transfer of Personal Information Outside of the EU and Brazil.
Because our Service Providers are located in countries outside of the European Union and Brazil, your Personal Information will be transferred to other countries that may not offer the same level of data protection as the laws of your country of residence. We rely on model contractual clauses for such transfers.
How to File Complaints related to GDPR.
If you believe your rights under the GDPR have been violated, you may lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority of your country of residence. For contact information for your supervisory authority, please visit here http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm.