Legal Notice
Legal notice
DotEmu SAS
Capital : 47570 €
ID : 494378706
31A rue Marie-Éléonore de Bellefond
75009, Paris, France
contact@dotemu.com
Phone : +33 1 53 17 64 24
Dotemu Privacy
Welcome to Dotemu !
The company responsible is Dotemu Sarl (”Dotemu”, “we”, “our”). You can find out more about Dotemu in our website (
http://www.dotemu.com/
). Dotemu provides games and related services (« the Service »)that can be used through websites and social networking websites. We take the privacy of the user’s personal details very seriously and handle them with great care, in keeping with data protection law.
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and, in certain circumstances, share your personally identifying information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, and if you have any questions, feel free to contact us. The data protection notices and conditions of the specific platform on which you play our games also apply at the same time.
By using the Service, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. We may update the Privacy Policy and if we do, we will post a notice that changes have been made. You should visit this page periodically to review any changes to the Privacy Policy.
What We Collect
– When you register a profile with a Dotemu game, your profile including any information (name, address, gender) will be registered with Dotemu.
– When you identify yourself through a social network account, Dotemu may receive additional information about your profile.
In each case, we will collect and record the information you have provided. Other than names and email addresses provided at your discretion, we don’t generally collect any “Personally Identifying Information” about our users, exception being for billing and payments. We may offer you the opportunity to submit other information about yourself (such as gender, age, occupation, hobbies, interests, zip code, etc.), or we may be able to collect that information from social networking systems on which you have used Dotemu games, which would then also be covered by this Privacy Policy.
In addition to information about yourself, you may choose to share information about yourself in other content (“Content”), such as in games. Any action you perform with other players are considered public, and at your own discretion.
When you invite new members into your network or send messages through the Service, we collect and maintain on secure servers the information associated with those messages, including email addresses and content.
Dotemu games may contain links to other websites. We are of course not responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Dotemu .
You should also be aware that most content delivered through Dotemu games originates with another content provider. Such other content providers may place “cookies” on your browser, or otherwise gather information about you, including by asking you to provide information through the site itself.
Finally, in order to provide the best possible service and to allow us to make certain internal reports and make recommendations, we collect aggregate information about the use of the Service, including information about users playing Dotemu games, such as internet protocol addresses, browser type, browser language…
By using the Service, you consent to our retaining all the above-described information in anonymous form as long as Dotemu sees fit.
Children Between The Ages of 13 and 18
We recommend that minors over the age of 13 ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet.
How We Use Your Information
We do not sell or rent your “Personally Identifiable Information” to any third party. We may, however, use certain information about you that is not personally.
We use public information collected to determine the kinds of content that you would like to view and to assist any advertisers in targeting their advertising.
We also use your name, email address and other information on our system to notify you of new product releases, service notifications, and to solicit your feedback and input. Those emails will contain an “unsubscribe” link should you ever decide you do not want to receive further emails.
You understand and agree that we may access, preserve, and disclose any information we may have about you and the contents of your account if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to avoid liability, to comply with legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order, or to protect our rights and property, or that of our affiliates or the public. Dotemu is not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that Dotemu receives.
Dotemu may maintain copies of your Content indefinitely, or delete certain Content in whole or in part if Dotemu determines, in its sole discretion, that such Content constitutes an “Infringing Posting” or a “Prohibited Posting” as defined in our Terms of Use or for any or no reason.
We also use non-Personally Identifiable Information and certain technical information about your computer and your access of the Service (including your internet protocol address) in order to operate, maintain and manage the Service.
Dotemu may disclose information about you to its partners in order to provide the Service, resolve service problems and correct errors in the Service, to communicate with you about the Service, to provide you with advertising and promotional information in connection with the Service, and to enhance your experience on the Service. However, we do not give our partners an independent right to share this information.
Due to our contractual obligations with these third parties and the need to share information to deliver and support the Service, we cannot provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of sharing information (whether Personally Identifiable Information or other information) with these third parties.
Dotemu , certain of its partners, and each of their contractors and employees may view the Content that you transmit to the service to provide the Service and otherwise perform the tasks set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Controlling Your Personal Information
Be advised that if you send messages or post material containing personal information, that information may be collected and used by others.
You can terminate your account at any time which will remove your profile and other personal information from view. Dotemu , however, may (but is not obligated to) keep information about you that is on its system following your termination. Please contact Dotemu to terminate your account or for any other questions about your personal information.
Transfer of Information
We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event of a transfer of ownership of Dotemu or the acquisition of substantially all the assets of Dotemu related to the business which collected such information, such as acquisition by or merger with another company. In such an event, Dotemu will notify users who have provided email addresses when information about those users is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Cookies
The Service sends “cookies” to your computer when you access the Dotemu site, or otherwise view content through a Dotemu game. The Service uses cookies to improve the quality of our service, make recommendations, and make the Service easier to use for our users. A cookie is a small text file recorded on your hard drive that identifies you as a unique user and contains certain information about your particular login session and/or your use of the Service.
Use of Information
Dotemu may contain links to other web sites, and content in Dotemu game. In addition, as described above, most content offered through Dotemu games is served or hosted by other sites. These other sites maintain their own policies regarding cookies and the collection and use of personal information. It is up to you to review those policies yourself.
Third-Party Advertising Companies
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on certain Dotemu games. Our system and the third-party advertising technology uses information derived from Activity Information, Dotemu ’s cookies on your hard drive, your visits to our site, the Dotemu games that you view to target advertising within our site or Dotemu games. In addition, our advertisers may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on our site and other sites. In the course of advertisements being served to you, a unique third-party cookie or cookies may be placed on your computer. Similarly, third-party advertising companies may provide us with pixel tags (also called “clear gifs” or “beacons”) to help manage and optimize our online advertising. Beacons enable us to recognize a browser’s cookie when a browser visits the site on which the beacon is located, and to learn which banner ads bring users to a given site.
Dotemu does not provide any Personally Identifiable Information to third-party advertising companies. Note, however, that if an advertiser asks Dotemu to show an advertisement to users with certain characteristics (for example, women ages 18-24) or a segment of that group (for example, women ages 18-24 who have viewed certain categories of content) and you respond to that advertisement, the third-party advertising company may conclude that you have the characteristics of the audience that they are trying to reach.
Security
Dotemu takes appropriate precautions to protect our users’ information. Your account information is located on a secured server behind a firewall. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number or your password), we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). (To learn more about SSL, go to
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Sockets_Layer
). Because email and instant messaging are not recognized as secure communications, we request that you not send private information to us by email or instant messaging services.
Additional Questions
Again, feel free to contact us (
http://www.dotemu.com/contact/
) any time, if you have further questions about Dotemu or this Privacy Policy.