This is to inform that by clicking on the link, you will be leaving our
www.sc.com/in
and entering a website operated by other parties:
Such links are only provided on our website for your convenience and Standard Chartered Bank does not control or endorse such websites, and is not responsible for their contents.
The use of such website is also subject to the terms of use and other terms and guidelines, if any, contained within each such website. In the event that any of the terms contained herein conflict with the terms of use or other terms and guidelines contained within any such website, then the terms of use and other terms and guidelines for such website shall prevail.
Thank you for visiting our
www.sc.com/in
Proceed
Privacy Notice
Banking
Visitors and Other Non - Clients
Recruitment
Vendor
Protecting your personal data
What types of personal data do we collect?
How do we collect your personal data?
Why do we collect your personal data?
When do we conduct direct marketing?
When do we use automated decision-making?
Who may we share your personal data with?
Where do we transfer personal data?
How do we protect your personal data?
How long do we keep your personal data?
What are your personal data protection rights?
How to get in touch
Protecting your personal data
Protecting your personal data
What types of personal data do we collect?
How do we collect your personal data?
Why do we collect your personal data?
When do we conduct direct marketing?
When do we use automated decision-making?
Who may we share your personal data with?
Where do we transfer personal data?
How do we protect your personal data?
How long do we keep your personal data?
What are your personal data protection rights?
How to get in touch
Protecting your personal data
Your personal data is important to us, and we want to make sure you know how we use and protect it. Personal data (sometimes also known as personal information) is any information that relates to a person or who is identifiable by or in relation to such information, either directly or indirectly or in combination with other information. In this privacy notice, we’ll explain how we collect, share, and process your personal data. We’ll also tell you about your rights and how you can exercise them. From time to time, we may also provide you where relevant, with additional privacy information in a separate notice for specific channels, products, services, businesses and activities.
In this privacy notice, “we”, “us” or “our”, refers to the Standard Chartered Group branch, subsidiary or legal entity operating under the Standard Chartered brand you interact with either directly or indirectly that processes your personal data and decides how it is collected and used.  Standard Chartered Group means each of, or collectively, Standard Chartered PLC, its subsidiaries and affiliates, including each branch or representative office.  Please refer to the ‘How to get in touch’ section of this privacy notice for details of the relevant Standard Chartered Group member(s) providing this privacy notice.
Some of our affiliates’ websites have their own brand identity and their own separate privacy notices to provide relevant information for specific products and services they provide.  You should refer to the relevant privacy notices as directed by those affiliates in relation to how they use your personal data.  This privacy notice does not apply to third-party websites where our online advertisements are displayed or to linked third-party websites we do not operate or control. These websites should have their own privacy notices, which you can read to understand how they collect and process your personal data and your rights.
We’ll update this privacy notice from time to time. You can find the current version date listed at the end of this privacy notice. If you have any questions or concerns about your personal data, please don’t hesitate to get in touch (you can find our details under ‘How to get in touch’ below).
We may collect the following types of personal data about you. In this privacy notice, “You” refers to you as an individual, as relevant if you are:
a personal banking client;
a representative of, or an individual related to, a personal banking client; or
a representative of, or an individual related to a company, business or organisation that is our business or corporate banking client.
Personal data we collect with respect to business and corporate client relationships is primarily limited to the information on directors and officers, other employees, direct and indirect beneficial owners and authorised persons we need to enable us to meet our due diligence obligations, signatory details and contact information of individuals we interact with to enable the provision of products and services to clients.
If you give us someone else’s personal data, you must have their permission and explain to them how we’ll use such personal data as permitted under the Applicable Law (as defined hereinafter).
We may collect the following types of personal data about you, as relevant and with your consent or where allowed by Applicable Law. The types of personal data may change from time to time as required by the Applicable Law:
Identification data
– information that identifies (uniquely or semi uniquely) you. For example, your name, your date of birth, your gender, your user login credentials, your photographs, CCTV and video recordings of you and other identifiers, including official/government identifiers such as national identification number, passport number and tax identification number
Contact data
– information that allows addressing, sending or communicating a message to you. For example, your email address, your phone or mobile number and your residential or business address
Professional data
– information about your educational or professional background
Geo-location data
– information that provides or contains a device’s location. For example, your internet protocol (IP) address or your cookies identifier
Behavioural data
– analytics information that describes your behavioural characteristics relating to your use of our products and services. For example, usual transactional activities, browsing behaviour on our websites and how you interact as a user of our products and services, or those provided by third-party organisations, such as our advertising partners and social media platform providers
Personal relationship data
– information about associations or close connections between individuals or entities that can determine your identity. For example, spouse or employer relationships
Communications data
– information relating to you contained in voice, messaging, email, live chats and other communications we have with you. For example, service requests.
We may sometimes need to collect more sensitive personal data or information about you, but we only do this if it’s necessary and with your consent, or where allowed by Applicable Law. This sensitive personal data (sometimes known as special category personal data in other jurisdictions) may include things like:
Financial and commercial data
– your account and transaction information or information that identifies your financial position and background, status and history as necessary to provide relevant products and services. For example, your account details, your debit or credit card details, your source of funds, your financial and credit rating history and any payment instrument details
Biometric data
– information that identifies you physically. For example, facial recognition information, your fingerprint or voice recognition information
Health data
– information relating to your health status. For example, disability information relevant to accessibility
Criminal convictions, proceedings or allegations data
– information about criminal convictions or related information that we identify in relation to our financial crime prevention obligations, for example, details about any criminal convictions or related information. This includes details of offences or alleged offences or convictions.
We usually get your personal data directly from you, but we may also obtain your personal data from other sources as necessary, depending on the relevant products and services that we are providing, including from:
People you know
– such as:
parents or guardians of minors. If you are a minor (normally this means if you are under 18 years old, but this might be younger depending on where you live). We will get your parent or guardian’s consent before collecting, using or sharing your personal data
your joint account holders
your referees; and
other people you appoint to act on your behalf
Businesses and other organisations
– such as:
your employer and/or company, business or organisation you represent or is related to you
other financial institutions and financial service providers
strategic referral partners, including business alliance, co-branding partners or other companies or organisations that the Standard Chartered Group cooperates with based on our contractual arrangements or other joint ventures to provide relevant third-party products and services
service partners, such as advertising and market research companies and social media platform providers
credit reference and fraud prevention agencies
regulatory and other entities with authority over the Standard Chartered Group, such as tax authorities, law enforcement or authorities imposing financial sanctions
Our corporate and business clients
– where you receive the benefit of our services in relation to our contract with the company, business or organisation you interact with. For example, resolving payment disputes with our merchant clients
Publicly available resources
– such as online registers or directories or online publications, social media posts and other information that is publicly available
Cookies
– when you visit, browse, or use our websites, online banking or mobile applications, we may use cookies to automatically collect certain information from your device. We may use such information, where relevant, for internal analysis and troubleshooting, to recognise you and remember your preferences, to improve the quality of and to personalise our content and to determine the security status of your account. For more information on how we use cookies and how you can control them when visiting our websites, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
We collect your personal data so that we can provide our products and services, manage our relationship with our clients and operate our business. This is necessary when you hold your own bank account with us and also when you represent, or are associated with, other individuals, companies, businesses or organisations who bank with us, for example, if you act as a guarantor, employee, shareholder, director, officer or authorised person.
If you have or are associated with more than one account with Standard Chartered Group, we may link all your accounts and personal data to enable us to have an overall picture of our client relationships.
We generally process your personal data including sensitive personal data or information with your consent where required by Applicable Law or where otherwise permitted or required by Applicable Law.
What we use your personal data for is often referred to as our purposes of processing and these are detailed below. We generally process your personal data with your consent where required by law or where otherwise permitted or required by Applicable Law.
We may not be able to offer or provide our products and services if you choose not to provide us with your consent or subsequently withdraw your consent to process the personal data that we consider is necessary and/or is required to meet our legal and regulatory obligations.
Purposes of Processing
We process your personal data for the following purposes, as necessary to provide relevant products and services, depending on whether you have your own bank account with us (including when applying for opening a bank account) or you represent, or are associated with, other individuals, companies, businesses or organisations who bank with us.
Assessing and providing products and services to our clients
This includes:
assessing eligibility, merits and /or suitability of product and service applications for clients; we may retain a record of the application if our eligibility criteria are not met
assessing your suitability as an individual guarantor
conducting relevant due diligence and know-your-customer (KYC) checks as required by Applicable Law
conducting credit checks and financial assessments as required by Applicable Law and regulations
setting credit limits for clients
obtaining quotations, assisting with applications and interacting with strategic referral partners on behalf of clients for co-branding and other third-party products and services, such as insurance and wealth management products
opening accounts.
Managing banking relationships and administering client accounts
This includes:
establishing, continuing and managing client banking relationships and accounts with us or, where applicable, any member of the Standard Chartered Group
providing clients with appropriate access to our products and services, such as our online and mobile banking platforms
operating, providing, reviewing and evaluating the products and services, offered by or through us or any member of Standard Chartered Group, to fulfil our contractual obligations with clients for products and services
effecting and verifying transactions and acting on instructions or requests, such as transferring money between accounts and making payments to third parties for clients
maintaining up-to-date records of authorised persons and signature lists
maintaining statements detailing the amount of indebtedness owed by you to us and by us to you
administering, for example, credit facilities or loans for clients
maintaining contact information
responding to questions or managing any complaints, including monitoring social media conversations and posts to identify conversations, sentiments, and complaints about the Standard Chartered Group
issuing notifications about changes to the terms and conditions of our products and services
recording our communications for record-keeping and evidential purposes including online messages, email and telephone
contacting clients relating to the products and services we are providing
facilitating open banking for clients, including with Account Information Service Providers (AISPs).
Operating our business
This includes:
managing authentication and user access controls for clients, for example, for online and mobile banking
audits of our business operations
creating and maintaining our credit scoring models relating to clients
conducting relevant credit management activities, which includes maintaining client credit history for present and future reference, updating credit bureaus and credit reference agencies and ensuring ongoing credit worthiness and credit checks
assisting other banks and third parties recover funds that have entered client accounts as a result of erroneous payments
engaging in business operational management, such as performing administrative tasks relating to the products and services we provide, monitoring and reporting of our financial portfolio, risk management activities, audits and ensuring operation and security of our communications and processing systems, systems development and testing, business planning and decision-making.
Improving our products and services to our clients
This includes:
developing, testing and analysing our systems, products and services
monitoring and recording our communications with you, for example, phone calls, for training and quality purposes
conducting market research and customer satisfaction surveys
designing our products and services for your use, for example credit cards
conducting demographic analytics and gathering insights by aggregating data such as behavioural data from the use of our products and services and our applications to provide you with more tailored products and services.
For further information on direct marketing, please refer to ‘When do we conduct direct marketing?’ section of this privacy notice.
Keeping you and our people safe
This includes:
conducting identity verification security checks for building access
using CCTV surveillance recordings at our branches, premises and ATMs for the purposes of preventing and detecting fraud and/or other crimes, such as theft
investigating and reporting on incidents or emergencies on our properties and premises
for the security of our systems and networks in order to keep your data safe and confidential
for other health and safety compliance purposes
monitoring social media conversations and posts to protect clients from sharing data publicly that could be used for fraud.
Detecting, investigating and preventing financial crimes
This includes:
meeting or complying with Standard Chartered Group policies, including identifying individuals and performing investigative procedures, measures or arrangements for sharing data and information within the Standard Chartered Group
any other use of data and information in accordance with any group-wide programmes for compliance with sanction or prevention or detection of money laundering, terrorist financing or other unlawful activities
conducting identity verification security checks against government and other official centralised databases, as required by law
monitoring and recording voice and electronic communications and screening applications and transactions in connection with actual or suspected fraud, financial crime or other criminal activities, for example to detect unusual transaction behaviour
recording and monitoring voice and electronic communications with us, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, to ensure compliance with our legal and regulatory obligations and internal policies
conducting checks against government and non-government third parties’ fraud prevention and other financial crime prevention databases to prevent money laundering, terrorism, fraud and other financial crimes, to protect you, our clients and the integrity of the financial market. A record of any fraud or money laundering risk will be retained by the fraud prevention agencies and may result in others refusing to provide services or employment to you.
Complying with Applicable Laws, regulations and other requirements
This includes:
meeting or complying with Standard Chartered Group policies, including identifying individuals and performing investigative procedures, measures or arrangements for sharing data and information within the Standard Chartered Group
complying with relevant local and foreign law, regulations, rules, directives, judgments or court orders, requests, guidelines, government sanctions, embargo, reporting requirements, restrictions, demands from or agreements with any authority (including domestic or foreign tax authorities), court or tribunal, enforcement agency or exchange body in any relevant jurisdiction where the Standard Chartered Group operates. For example, we may share personal data relating to your personal bank account with a local tax authority in accordance with applicable law or regulations. The local tax authority may share or may require us to share such information with other overseas tax authorities in accordance with applicable law or regulations (for example, tax law and regulations relating to automatic exchange of financial account information). We may need to collect extra information from you for such purpose to comply with applicable law or regulations (“Applicable Law”)
following any voluntary guidelines or recommendations as may be updated from time to time issued by legal, regulatory, governmental, tax, law enforcement or other authorities, or self-regulatory or industry bodies or associations of financial services providers in any relevant jurisdiction where the Standard Chartered Group operates.
Exercising Standard Chartered Group’s legal rights and conducting legal proceedings
This includes:
tracing and exercising our rights and protecting ourselves against harm to our rights and interests
retaining records as may be necessary as evidence for any potential litigation or investigation
recovering debts and arrears
conducting litigation to enforce our rights or the rights of any other member of the Standard Chartered Group
obtaining professional advice
investigating or making an insurance claim
responding to any insurance related matter, action or proceeding
defending or responding to any current or prospective legal, governmental or quasi-governmental, regulatory, or industry bodies or associations related matter, action or proceeding or for establishing, exercising or defending legal rights.
Facilitating Standard Chartered Group mergers, acquisitions, and divestments
This includes:
evaluating our business and providing continuity of services to you after a transfer of our business as a result of a merger, acquisition, sale or divestment
enabling an actual or potential assignee of all or any part of our business and/or asset or participant or sub-participant of our rights in respect of the data subject, to evaluate the transaction intended to be the subject of the assignment, participation or sub-participation.
We may sometimes, and with your consent by providing additional privacy notice information as required by Applicable law, use your contact details to send relevant marketing communications (such as by post, email, telephone, SMS, secure messages, mobile app or social media) for direct marketing purposes.
We may send the following types of communications (unless you have informed us that you do not wish to receive such communications):
news, offers and promotions about our or other Standard Chartered Group products and services
information about products and services from or relating to third parties, such as financial institutions, insurers, credit card companies, securities and investment, mobile wallets and digital payment services providers
details of our or relevant third-party reward, loyalty or privileges programmes and related services and products
information about products and services offered by our co-branding partners (the names of such co-branding partners can be found in the application form(s) for the relevant products and services, as the case may be)
market research and customer satisfaction surveys
information about our or relevant third-party competitions and lucky draws
appeals by us or relevant third parties for charitable and/or non-profit making donations, sponsorships and contributions; and
information and communication relating to our or relevant third-party seminars, webinars and other events or opportunities.
We may conduct market research using demographic and insights analytics by aggregating the personal data that we hold about you to provide you with marketing communications, which are more relevant and tailored for you.
We may share limited information about you with social media platform providers we engage with for the purpose of online social media advertising where you have permitted us and the social media platform provider(s) to use cookies that support our marketing on these platforms. For example, to check whether you have an account with social media platform providers to ask them to display more relevant marketing communication messages to you about our products and services or to exclude you from receiving advertisements for our products and services which you already use.
For more information on how we use cookies in relation to marketing, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
You may withdraw your consent or opt-out from receiving such marketing communications in accordance with your rights by contacting us using the details in the ‘How to get in touch’ section below.
We may use the personal data we collect to conduct data analytics, including profiling and behavioural analysis, to make quicker automated decisions in our business operations and to evaluate your personal characteristics to predict outcomes and risks. We require that rules followed by such automated systems are designed to make fair and objective decisions. We may use artificial intelligence and machine learning to help improve our communications and client experience, make our business operational processes safer and more efficient and enable us to provide faster responses and improve turnaround time. For example, we may use automated decision-making for the following:
Client digital onboarding processes – account opening approval processes using electronic Know-Your-Customer (eKYC) checks by verifying the authenticity of scanned identification documents and a photo through biometric facial recognition and liveliness check
Operational efficiency – voicebots for call centre identification verification
Client engagement – client marketing campaigns and communications to recommend more tailored products and services based on insights from your personal data and your interactions with robo advisors and chatbots.
Risk management – monitoring of accounts and transactions to detect unusual activities to prevent fraud or money laundering, terrorism and other financial crimes (for example, detecting whether the use of your credit card may be fraudulent) and approval of loan applications and credit decisions based on credit-scoring models.
For further information on your rights in relation to automated decisions that affect you, please refer to the ‘What are your personal data protection rights?’ section.
We may share your personal data within the Standard Chartered Group.  Standard Chartered Group may share your personal data for the purposes of processing as set out in this privacy notice, including with our service providers, our business partners, other third parties and as required by Applicable Law or requested by any authority. Who these are depends on your interactions with us as an individual.
We limit how, and with whom, we share your personal data, and take steps to ensure your personal data is kept confidential and protected when we share it. We may share your personal data for our purposes of processing with the following, where relevant and with your consent or if allowed by Applicable Law:
Other members of the Standard Chartered Group
Authorised third parties
legal guardians, joint account holders, actual or intended guarantors/sureties, trustees, beneficiaries, executors, or authorised persons of our clients, any actual or potential participants or sub-participants in relation to any of our obligations in respect of any banking agreement, assignees, novatees or transferees (or any officers, employees, agents or advisers of any of them)
any other person you have authorised us by your consent to share your personal data with.
Third parties that can verify your information
credit bureaus or credit reference agencies (including the operator of any centralised database used by credit reference agencies), credit protection providers, rating agencies, debt collection agencies, fraud prevention agencies and organisations
other non-government third parties’ that conduct financial crime prevention databases checks to prevent money laundering, terrorism, fraud and other financial crimes.
Our service partners
Professional advisers, such as auditors, legal counsel, conveyancers and asset valuation specialists
insurers or insurance brokers
service providers, such as operational, administrative, data processing and other technology service providers, including anyone engaged or partnered with to analyse and facilitate improvements or enhancements in Standard Chartered Group’s operations or provision of products and services
providers of professional services, such as market researchers, forensic investigators and management consultants
advertising companies and social media platform providers
third-party product providers, for example, securities and investments providers, fund managers and insurance companies
third-party service providers, such as telemarketing and direct sales agents and call centres.
Strategic referral partners
business alliance, co-branding partners or other companies or organisations that the Standard Chartered Group cooperates with based on our contractual arrangements or other joint ventures to provide relevant third-party products and services
charitable and non-profit organisations.
Other financial services organisations
other financial institutions, such as merchant banks, correspondent banks or national banks
market infrastructure providers and securities clearing providers
payment service providers, including mobile wallet and digital payment service providers, merchants, merchant acquiring companies, credit card companies, payment processors and card association members, payment-initiation and card-based payment instrument service providers such as VISA and Mastercard
Account Information Service Providers (AISP)
any financial institution and merchant acquiring company with which you have or propose to have dealings.
Government authorities and law enforcement
As required by Applicable Law or as requested by any authority, which includes any government, quasi-government, regulator, administrative, regulatory or supervisory body, court, tribunal, enforcement agency, exchange body or domestic or foreign tax authorities, having jurisdiction over any Standard Chartered Group member, whether within or outside your jurisdiction and whether or not that Standard Chartered Group member has a relationship with you
self-regulatory or industry bodies or associations of financial services providers in any relevant jurisdiction where the Standard Chartered Group operates.
Other third parties
the individual, company, business or organisation, as applicable, that you represent or is related to you
third parties in case of a merger, acquisition or divestment: if we transfer (or plan to transfer) or assign any part of our business or assets. If the transaction goes ahead, the interested party may use or disclose your personal information in the same way as set out in this privacy notice, and subsequently notify you of any changes they may make in terms with how they process your personal data
any other person under a duty of confidentiality to us, including any other members of the Standard Chartered Group, which has undertaken to keep such information confidential.
Your personal data may be processed, stored, shared, transferred or disclosed by us within the Standard Chartered Group or with other third parties for the purposes described in this privacy notice and as permitted under Applicable Laws. We do this in order to operate effectively, efficiently and securely in facilitating transactions and providing products and services to our clients, to improve and support our processes and business operations and to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations. This may involve processing, storing, sharing, transferring or disclosing your personal data cross border to other jurisdictions.
Where recipients of your personal data are in jurisdictions that are outside India, and local laws may not have similar data protection laws as India, we will take all reasonable steps necessary to ensure that your personal data has an appropriate adequate level of protection and safeguards to comply with Applicable Law.
We take the privacy and security of your personal data available with us very seriously. To protect your personal data, we use a range of appropriate technical, physical and organisational measures as required under Applicable Law to safeguard and keep your personal data confidential, for example, by using contracts with appropriate confidentiality, data protection and security terms in our arrangements with third parties. Standard Chartered Group has implemented information security data privacy policies, including incident management and reporting procedures, rules and technical measures to protect personal data and to comply with legal and regulatory requirements. We train and require staff who access your personal data to comply with our data privacy and security standards. We require our service providers, or other third parties we engage with and to whom we disclose your personal data to implement similar confidentiality, data privacy and security standards and measures when they handle, access or process your personal data.
For the purposes described in this privacy notice, we keep your personal data for business operational or legal reasons while you engage with us and may retain your personal data for a period of time afterwards, depending on the type of personal data, in accordance with our data retention policy standards and as required by Applicable Law and regulations. We will delete, anonymise, destroy and/or stop using personal data when we no longer need it or retention thereof, after a period of time, is not permitted by Applicable Law.
We respect your personal data, and you have the following rights about how we use your information:
Your right to access your data – you have the right to check whether we hold personal data about you, and you can ask us for a copy of such data and information on how we have used it.
Your right to correct your data – if your personal details have changed, or you believe we have incorrect or out-of-date information about you, you can ask us to update it.
Your right to delete your data – you can ask us to delete your personal data. However, we may need certain personal details to provide our products and services to you.
Your right not to provide or change or withdraw consent – we may from time to time ask for your consent to process your personal data. You can choose not to provide such consent or let us know at any time if you change your mind about the consent already provided. However, we may not be able to provide our products and services or engage with you without certain personal data.
Your right to withdraw from direct marketing – you can withdraw your consent and tell us to stop sending you marketing emails or invitations to surveys at any time.
We will respond to requests to exercise your personal data rights in line with Applicable Law. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request. If you have any questions about your rights, please contact us using the details below.
The following Standard Chartered Group company acts as the body corporate (sometimes known as controller in other jurisdictions) responsible for processing your personal data in India:
Standard Chartered Bank India Branch
Address:
Crescenzo
C-38/39 ‘G’ Block
Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra East
Mumbai
400 051
India
If you have any questions about this privacy notice or would like to exercise any of your personal data protection rights, you may contact:
For business and corporate banking clients, please contact our “Grievance Officer” at:
Standard Chartered Bank
Client Services Group
Crescenzo, 3rd Floor
C – 38 /39, G – Block
Behind MCA Club
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)
Mumbai 400 051
Email:
Straight2bank.in@sc.com
For personal banking clients, please contact our “Grievance Officer” at:
Standard Chartered Bank
Customer Care Unit,
19, Rajaji Salai
Post Box No. 1359
Chennai 600 001
Or by email at:
customer.care@sc.com
Got a complaint?
If you have any concerns or complaints about how we’re using your personal data, please talk to us. You can contact the branch or your Relationship Manager or get in touch with our Grievance Officer.
Cookies
Please see our separate
Cookie Policy
.
Other Terms and Conditions
There may be specific terms and conditions in our banking and product agreements that govern the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data. Such other terms and conditions must be read in conjunction with this privacy notice.
This privacy notice was updated on 29 September 2023.
BACK TO TOP
This is to inform that by clicking on the hyperlink, you will be leaving
www.sc.com/in
and entering a website operated by other parties:
Such links are only provided on our website for the convenience of the Client and Standard Chartered Bank does not control or endorse such websites, and is not responsible for their contents.
The use of such website is also subject to the terms of use and other terms and guidelines, if any, contained within each such website. In the event that any of the terms contained herein conflict with the terms of use or other terms and guidelines contained within any such website, then the terms of use and other terms and guidelines for such website shall prevail.
Thank you for visiting
www.sc.com/in
PROCEED
To enhance your experience, we use cookies and similar technologies. This enables us to optimise site functionality and to personalise your visit by remembering your choices, and by providing tailored ads in our own and third parties' online media. By continuing your visit on this website, you accept the use of cookies and similar technologies. For more details and information on how to manage your cookie settings, please read our
Cookie Policy.
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
To create the best and most relevant experience for you, these cookies help us analyse and understand what areas need to be improved and refined.
Always Active
Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.
Always Active
To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.
Always Active
For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Your Privacy [`dialog closed`]