Brainscape
Find Flashcards
Make Flashcards
Make Flashcards
Why It Works
More
Educators
Businesses
Tutors & resellers
Content partnerships
Academy
About
Educators
Teachers & professors
Content partnerships
Tutors & resellers
Businesses
Employee training
Content partnerships
Tutors & resellers
Academy
About
Log In
Log In
Get Started
Get Started
Search
Go
Brainscape's Knowledge Genome
TM
Browse over 1 million classes created by top students, professors, publishers, and experts.
Entrance Exams
Professional Certifications
Foreign Languages
Medical & Nursing
Science
English
Humanities & Social Studies
Mathematics
Law
Vocations
Health & Fitness
Business & Finance
Technology & Engineering
Food & Beverage
Fine Arts
Random Knowledge
See full index
Last Updated October 3, 2024
Summary of Terms.
Brainscape strives to maintain the fairest and most secure learning technology, in a way that is still compatible with our ability to grow as a business.
In plain English, here's the most important stuff:
Brainscape collects only minimal personal info from you: Just email & name.  You can even use a fake name!
Only Brainscape and your instructor can see your study data in your classes, unless you choose to share it with others manually
If you're studying a
"Brainscape-certified" class
, your name might also occasionally appear on public leaderboards.  Feel free to anonymize your username if you prefer to dominate your competition incognito
Some content that you create might be publicly discoverable, especially after you've manually shared it with several other users.  You can easily make your content private and secure with a
Pro account
or a
School
or
Company
License, and you can sell your private access to others via a
Distribution
License
Any other user data captured by our systems (e.g. device info, activity logs, credit card info, etc.) is securely kept to ourselves and/or to our data or payments processing tech partners.  We do NOT share or sell your data, or integrate with third-party "ad" networks
You can remove your content from Brainscape's public marketplace whenever you want, as long as you've first removed access from any other user it had been shared with
You can delete your Brainscape account (or your students' accounts) whenever you want, ideally after having first removed your content
While we recognize that you are likely using copyrighted source material to "inspire" your content in Brainscape, you may not upload, paste, or resell copyrighted material verbatim, unless you first make your classes private
You may not abuse other users or hack Brainscape's website or app, or you'll get booted
Brainscape complies with GDPR, COPPA, and other key data privacy and protection laws.  If you see any evidence that we are not, please tell us immediately!
And now for the legalese version . . . .
Terms
These Terms govern your use of Brainscape, including our iOS applications, our Android application, and the Website located at www.brainscape.com (collectively, "the apps"), which are made available by Bold Learning Solutions, Inc. ("Brainscape" or "we" or "us").
Your privacy is important to us. These "Terms" and this "User Agreement" (the "Agreement") outline the type of information that is collected through the apps and how that information is used and protected. The "Agreement" is a legal contract that describes the conditions under which users ("you") are permitted to use the apps.
By using the apps, you agree to be bound by this contract. If you do not accept the Agreement, please do not use the Product.
Changes to the agreement
Brainscape may change this Agreement periodically, so please review it on occasion before using the apps. We will make the most recent version of the Agreement available on the Website along with the most recent date when it was modified.
By using the apps after we modify the Agreement, you accept the new version of the Agreement. If you do not agree to the changes, please do not continue to use the apps and/or please feel free to delete your account.
Privacy policy
Information you provide us
When you register for a Brainscape account, we may collect some personal information, such as your learning goals, your location, your date of birth, your school or company name, your personal bio, and/or your degree concentration. This information is optional and is only used to help personalize the product experience and our communications with you. The only required information is your email address and, in some cases, your credit card information.
You may also be able to send information about our apps, products and services to your friends and family members by clicking on an “email to Friend” or similar button in our apps or in one of our emails. In some of these cases (unless you simply forward our email on your own), you may provide the name and email address of your friend or family member to us, and such information will be treated securely, in accordance with this Agreement and applicable law.
If you provide information on your address or location, we may similarly retain this information throughout your time as a registered user.
Finally, if you create educational content in Brainscape, this information is permanently stored on our servers. See "Data Retention" for information about removing educational content from our servers.
Information we collect automatically when you use the product
Each time you log into and/or use our product, we automatically collect information about your activity, which we use to continually customize our product, analyze technology performance, and refine our private communications with you. This information may include the following:
Log Information
: We collect log information about your use of the Platform, including the type of browser that you use; the time, duration and frequency of your access; Platform pages viewed; your IP address; and the page you visited before visiting our Platform.
Device Information
: We collect information about the computer or mobile device that you use to access our Platform, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information.
Location Information
: We may collect information about the location of your device each time you use our Platform based on your consent to the collection of this information
Learning Activity
: As a core part of our product offering, we store information about your study frequency and your progress toward learning various subjects. If you share content you have created with other users, we may collect information about their learning activity as well.
Web and Mobile Usage Analytics
: We may use internal or third-party analytics technologies, such as Google Analytics, to track your activity such as page views, clicks, time on page, and other standard usage information. The security of this information is guaranteed by our third-party analytics partners.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
: We and our service providers collect information using various technologies, including cookies and pixel tags (which are also called clear GIFs, web beacons, or pixels). Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Platform and your experience, and track usage of our Platform. Pixel tags are electronic images that may be used in our Platform or emails, and track usage of our Platform and effectiveness of communications. Most web browsers enable you to disable Cookies, but such actions may limit or prohibit the product from functioning properly.
Other Information
: With your specific permission, we may collect other information from your device, such as photos from your camera roll.
Information we may collect from third parties
We may collect information about you from other sources, such as through certain features on the Platform you elect to use, but only where these third parties either have your consent or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your information to us. Examples include:
Member Content
. We may receive information about you when you or another member uploads photos or posts other content to the Platform.
Information From Other Third-Party Sources
. In order to provide you with more tailored recommendations, we may obtain information about you from publicly and commercially available sources and other third parties as permitted by law. For more information about the data that we obtain from these providers, please contact us.
Our use of your information
We may use your information to analyze the performance of our product and to personalize your experience. These activities may include:
Monitor trends and analytics about your usage, to help our product team refine the experience for all users
Display relevant information to you, such as the subjects you are studying and your progress toward various mastery goals
Suggest educational content that you may be interested in
Detect potential fraud or abuse
Perform administrative, legal, or accounting work
Communicate with you about topics that we feel may be of interest
Sharing of your information
While we take your information privacy very seriously, some of the less sensitive data you provide us is public by default. This may include
The educational content that you create
: Flashcards and other materials created in Brainscape may be discovered by other users on the Brainscape marketplace. You may opt to make your content private and inaccessible to others, though this feature may entail a Pro subscription fee for both you
and
all other users with whom you share this private content.  If you wish to sell this combined Pro + Private Content access to your students or customers, please contact us to discuss a
distributor
license agreement.
Your study progress
: Your study achievements may be highlighted on public Leaderboards. No personal, non-publicly available information about you is revealed on these Leaderboards
Your user profile
: If you choose to provide optional information such as school name, company name, or area of study, this information may be available on your user profile. Your user profile may also include the names of the non-private classes that you are studying.
In addition, we may use service providers in connection with operating and improving the Platform to assist with certain functions, such as payment processing, email transmission, conducting surveys or contests, data hosting, and some aspects of our technical and customer support. We take measures to ensure that these service providers access, process, and store information about you only for the purposes we authorize, subject to confidentiality obligations.
Data retention
You may cancel your Brainscape account and/or paid subscription at any time. These options may be available in your Account Settings and can also be done by contacting us using the Contact option on our website or mobile apps.
Brainscape reserves the right to indefinitely preserve a record of your user-provided information and your product usage analytics, even after you have ceased using the product. We preserve this information for the following purposes:
So you can use our Platform;
To ensure that we do not communicate with you if you have asked us not to;
To provide you with a refund, if entitled;
To provide accurate accounting information to other members about the groups that they organize or administer, and associated memberships;
To better understand the traffic to our Platform so that we can provide all members with the best possible experience;
To detect and prevent abuse of our Platform, illegal activities and breaches of our Terms of Service; and
To comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your information, we will either delete or anonymize it.
While you reserve the right to delete or un-publish educational content that you have created, you recognize that complete content deletion is not possible if other users have already begun to study your content. If other users are already studying your content, then you may simply mark the content as private (and limited only to the users already studying it), and/or remove that content from your account and dissociate yourself from it.
At any time, you may enable or disable the connection between our Platform and any third-party accounts or social media platforms with which it has been associated. This option is available in your Account Settings.
To protect your privacy, you can also feel free to use an anonymous name or pseudonym rather than your real first and last name. You can change profile information at any time using your Account settings.
If a user posts information about you on their public profile or in their educational content, you may contact the user to request its removal. If that is not possible, then you may contact us using the Contact option on our website or mobile app, and we will help you address the issue.
Marketing lists
From time to time, we may obtain lists of people who may be interested in our products and services from third-parties. We may use these lists to send direct marketing promotions by email. If, after receiving such an email, you do not wish to receive future promotions via email, please follow the instructions in the Right to Opt In and Opt Out section below.
Third party "linked-to" websites
When you are in our apps you may be able to visit or link to other sites not operated by us. We do not control such sites and we are not responsible for the information practices of these sites. This Agreement does not address the information practices of those other Websites, and we encourage you to read the posted privacy policies of such sites.
Legally compelled disclosures
We may disclose user information when compelled to do so by government authorities or otherwise as required or permitted by law, such as to respond to court orders and subpoenas. We also may disclose user information when we have reason to believe that someone is causing injury to or interfering with our rights or property, other customers or users of the Website, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
Data rights
We respond to all requests that we receive from individuals who wish to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. You can contact us any time by using the Contact option available in our website and app.
Rights that you may have, depending on the country in which you live, include:
Accessing, correcting, updating, or requesting deletion of your information.
Objecting to processing of your information, asking us to restrict processing of your information, or requesting the portability of your information.
Opting out from receiving marketing communications that we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by selecting the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you. Additionally, you may update your email preferences by changing the settings in your account.
Withdrawing your consent at any time if we have collected and processed your information with your consent. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing that we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Complaining to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
Note that Brainscape is a controller of your information. Other members, such as class organizers and network administrators, may also act as controllers of your information. You should contact these members if you have any questions about how they use information that you have provided to them.
Cookie policy
As described in our Privacy Policy, we and our service providers use cookies and other technologies to provide our Platform and to enhance your experience. This Cookie Policy sets out some further detail on how and why we use these technologies on our Platform, which includes any website, application, or service we offer. The terms "Brainscape," "we," "us," and "our" include Bold Learning Solutions, Inc. and our affiliates. By using our Platform, you consent to storage and access to cookies and other technologies on your device, in accordance with this Cookie Policy.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow us to recognize your device.
How we use cookies
Cookies serve a variety of functions, like enabling us to remember certain information you provide to us as you navigate between pages on the Platform. We use cookies for the following purposes:
Authentication
: We use cookies to recognize you if you are logged in to our Platform. This lets us personalize your experience on or with the Platform in the ways described below. In addition, we may employ third-party services that may use cookies to help you sign into their services from our Platform.
Security
: We use cookies to support or enable security features we have deployed, and to help us detect malicious activity and violations of our Terms of Service. These cookies help us prevent fraudulent use of login credentials.
Services, features, and preferences
: We use cookies to provide functionality and help us deliver our products and services according to your preferences. For example, we use cookies to know which language you prefer, what your communications preferences are, to show you personalized views related to your interests and groups, and in order to help you fill out forms on the Platform.
Performance, Analytics and Research
: We use cookies to help us analyze how the Platform is being accessed and used, and enable us to track performance of the Platform. This helps us to understand, improve, and research features and content on the Platform. We may also use other services, such as Google Analytics or other third-party cookies, to assist with analyzing performance on our Platform. As part of providing these services, these service providers may use cookies and the technologies described below to collect and store information about your device, such as time of visit, pages visited, time spent on each page of the Platform, links clicked and conversion information, IP address, browser, mobile network information, and type of operating system used.
Duration of Cookies
. Some cookies, known as "session cookies", will stay on your device only for as long as you are accessing our Platform. Others, known as "persistent cookies", are stored on your device for longer periods.
Other technologies
Pixels tags
. Pixel tags (which are also called clear GIFs, web beacons, or pixels), are small pieces of code that can be embedded on websites and emails. Pixels tags may be used to learn how you interact with our site pages and emails, and this information helps us and our partners provide you with a more tailored experience.
Device Identifiers
. A device identifier is a unique label can be used to identify a mobile device. Device identifiers may be used to track, analyze and improve the performance of the Platform.
Local storage
. Local storage is an industry-standard technology that enables the storage and retrieval of data on a computer, mobile phone or other device. Local storage may be used to store member preferences on devices.
Opting out
Most devices and web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you may be able to remove or reject cookies. You can learn more about how to block cookies by visiting allaboutcookies.org. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Platform.
Revisions to this Policy
We may modify this Cookie Policy from time to time. When we do, we will provide notice to you by publishing the most current version and revising the date at the top of this page. If we make any material change to this Cookie Policy, we will provide additional notice to you, such as by sending you an email, or displaying a prominent notice on our Platform. By continuing to use the Platform after any changes come into effect, you agree to the revised Cookie Policy.
Business transfer
In the event that Brainscape or all or a portion of its business, or one or more of its divisions, is acquired by one or more third parties as a result of an acquisition, merger, sale, reorganization, consolidation or liquidation, Personal Information may be one of the transferred assets.
Prohibited uses
You agree that you will not:
Post copyrighted material to our apps without written permission from the copyright holder.
Impersonate any person, including a Brainscape employee or agent using our apps.
Violate any local, state, or national law through or on our apps.
Harass people through or on this Website.
Collect or store data about other people using our apps.
Use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of our apps.
Take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of our apps.
Use our apps in any manner other than as expressly authorized in this Agreement.
Use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy any content in our apps.
Reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, or resell any portion of our apps' software code or content.
Post content that is patently offensive and promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any class or individual.
Post content that harasses or advocates harassment of another person.
Post content that exploits people in a sexual or violent manner.
Post content that contains sexually suggestive, excessively violent, or offensive subject matter.
Post content that solicits personal information from anyone under 18 years old.
Post content that publicly posts information that poses or creates a privacy or security risk to any person.
Post content that includes information about another person that you have posted without that person's consent.
If you have discovered content that violates one of these rules, please immediately contact
support@brainscape.com
, and we will take urgent action
Children
The apps are intended for the use of adults 18 years or older and children over the age of 13. Children under the age of 13 may only access the Site under strict adult supervision. No adult over the age of 18 years may attempt to contact children under 13 through our apps.
Scope of license
In exchange for your acceptance of this Agreement, you are authorized to use the Site, but only for personal and noncommercial purposes unless such purposes are expressly granted in an agreement beyond this Agreement with our apps.
The apps contain material that is protected by copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property rights, and the Website itself is protected as a collective work under the copyright laws of the United States and other countries. You may not download, modify, publish, transmit, create derivative works from, or in any way exploit, any component of the apps.
You may link to the home page of the Website as long as the link does not cast us in a false or misleading light. Please let us know if you link to the Website by contacting us at
support@brainscape.com
You may not frame the content of the Informational Site. You may not use meta tags or any other “hidden text” that incorporates the Brainscape Trademarks or our name without our express written consent.
Indemnity
You will indemnify and hold Brainscape, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of this Website, your violation of this Agreement, or your violation of any rights of a third party.
Modifications to service
Brainscape reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service or any part of it with or without notice. Brainscape will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the apps.
Membership, fees
Individuals may obtain a membership with the apps without paying a fee. Companies will be required to pay for a membership with the apps. In addition, Brainscape will charge fees to access certain components of the apps. If you must pay a fee to access a component of the Service, this information will be posted by Brainscape in our apps. You may use a credit card to pay these fees. When you provide credit card information to Brainscape, you represent to Brainscape that you are the authorized user of the credit card. Brainscape reserves the right to change its fees or billing methods.
Security
Our commitment
We employ technical and organizational measures designed to appropriately protect your information that is under our control and that we process on your behalf from unauthorized access collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification or disposal, both during transmission and once we receive it. We store all information that you provide to us on secure servers. We train employees regarding our data privacy policies and procedures, and permit authorized employees to access information on a need to know basis, as required for their role. We use firewalls designed to protect against intruders and test for network vulnerabilities. However, no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure.
We may make content or services from other Websites available to you from links located in the apps. These other Websites are not subject to this Agreement. We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy at each such Website to determine how that site protects your privacy.
In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your Personal Information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development. If a notification is appropriate, we would endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, to the extent we have your email address, we may notify you by email. You consent to our use of email as a means of such notification. If you prefer for us to use another method to notify you in this situation, please email us.
Your commitment
In exchange for your access to the Website, you agree not to take any steps that are intended to or could damage, inhibit, or prevent operation of the Website or that could cause injury to yourself, to us, or to anyone else.
Without limitation, you agree not to attempt to:
Modify the apps or make it possible for you or someone else to access the apps without using an interface that we provide (including through the use of spiders or robots, except to facilitate the creation of public search engines that catalog publicly accessible portions of the apps);
Introduce viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
Damage, disable, overburden, impair, or gain unauthorized access to the apps or our servers, computer network, or user accounts;
Collect information about other users for the purpose of sending, or to facilitate or encourage the sending of, unsolicited bulk or other communications, or for any other purpose not explicitly authorized by us;
Falsify, conceal, or modify information identifying yourself or another user, including Internet Protocol header information;
Use our servers, networks, or other facilities for any purpose not explicitly authorized by us, including for the transmission of messages not authorized by us, or to interfere with or cause damage to the apps or any other service operated by us or any other party; or
Take any other action that we, in our exclusive discretion, believe may damage or injure you, us, or any third party.
Where you have a password, which enables you to use our services, you are responsible for keeping this password complex, secure, and confidential. If you would like to update or change your password, you may select the “Forgot your password?” link on the login page. You will be sent an email that allows you to reset your password.
Transfer of data outside of your home country
Your information may be stored, processed and accessed in the United States or any other countries where Brainscape has facilities. By using the apps, you consent to the transfer of information outside your country.
Copyright
Materials on Brainscape's "Market". Copyright on all premium study materials is owned by or licensed to Brainscape and all rights are reserved. You must abide by all copyright notices and restrictions contained on the Brainscape Site. You may not copy, distribute, enter into a database, display, perform, create derivative works of, transmit, or otherwise use any materials from the apps (including computer programs or other code) ("App Materials"), except that you make a reasonable number of machine-readable copies of the App Materials only for personal, non-commercial use, and only if you do not alter the text or remove any trademark, copyright, or other notice displayed on the App Materials.
The only exception to this restriction is for content that you have created yourself. If you author original content using the Brainscape platform, then you own full rights to this content, and you may "export" this content and use it in other media with no persecution from Brainscape or its partners. Note that this assumes that your content does not violate the copyright protection of any other third-party publisher. Brainscape is not responsible for any copyright violations that you make with your content, and we will immediately remove any violating materials that are brought to our attention by a third party.
If you find your copyrighted materials on Brainscape's public marketplace, please contact us using the Contact option in our apps, providing a link to the content in Brainscape and a description of the violation, and we will address it accordingly.
Trademarks
Brainscape, the Brainscape Logo, and any other trademarks in the apps are trademarks owned by Bold Learning Solutions, Inc. You may not use these trademarks in connection with any product or service that does not belong to us, or in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among users about whether we are the source, sponsor, or endorser of the product or service, or in any manner that disparages or discredits us.
Affiliates and Sales Representatives
Brainscape may occasionally offer virtual or monetary incentives to active users who wish to invite others to register for the service. If you wish to participate in this "Brainscape Reps" program, it should be known that:
You are not a Brainscape employee. Your participation in this program is 100% voluntary, and all of your potential earnings are a result of your activity. No salary or compensation for mere effort is guaranteed.
You may not misrepresent Brainscape. When describing your Brainscape role to others, verbally or in writing, you may not claim that you are formally representing our company in any way, unless we evolve this Brainscape Rep relationship into a more official affiliate deal with a signed contract.
You may not share private company materials. If we ever give you access to material that we explicitly classify as "private", "secret", or otherwise for-your-eyes-only, we expect that you will not share it with friends, colleagues, followers, or other companies.
Failure to adhere to any of the rules in this section or in Brainscape’s general Terms of Agreement will result in suspension of your Brainscape Rep role, and forfeiting any accrued royalties you were otherwise owed.
Disclaimer of warranty; limitation of liability
You understand that the apps is provided purely for your entertainment and education, and we do not guarantee that the information provided on the Site will be accurate or updated. We do not guarantee that we will continue to provide the apps, that the apps will be available at any particular time or from any particular place, or that they will continue to function in the manner that they currently function. You agree not to hold us liable for damages you claim are caused by third parties who contact you using the Site or become aware of your identity through the use of the apps, and you understand that, while such behavior is a violation of this Agreement, we need not attempt to control or identify individuals who falsify their identities or provide false information to others through the use of the apps. You agree that we are not liable for the infringing, defamatory, offensive, or illegal contact of third parties, including other users.
IN NO EVENT WILL WE, OUR PARENTS OR AFFILIATES, OR ANY OF OUR RESPECTIVE INVESTORS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND SUPPLIERS (COLLECTIVELY, THE “INDEMNIFIED PARTIES”), BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE USE OF THE APPS (INCLUDING ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED IN, OBTAINED ON OR PROMOTED THROUGH THE APPS OR CONTENT CREATED ON OR THROUGH THE SITE).
THE APPS ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
THIS DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY APPLIES TO ANY DAMAGES OR INJURY CAUSED BY ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DELETION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS, COMMUNICATION LINE FAILURE, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, ALTERATION OF, OR USE OF THE SERVICES, WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORTIOUS BEHAVIOR, NEGLIGENCE, GROSS NEGLIGENCE, OR UNDER ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION, EVEN IF THE CLAIM ALLEGES THAT THE INDEMNIFIED PARTIES’ CONDUCT WAS WILLFUL.
Governing law; integration; no waiver; severability; termination
You agree that any dispute between you and us will be governed by the laws of the United States of America and the State of Delaware, without regard to choice of law rules, and that any legal action brought by one party against the other will be brought exclusively in the appropriate court within the State of Delaware. If you are located outside of the United States of America, you agree that, by entering into this agreement, you voluntarily subject yourself to the jurisdiction of the courts of the United States of America and the State of Delaware, and you agree that you may be sued in those courts and subject to the judgments and orders of those courts.
You agree that, notwithstanding any provision of law to the contrary, if you are located outside of the United States, we may satisfy our obligation to serve you with legal process by sending an electronic mail message to the email address that you provided when you registered for the Services or by sending a paper communication to you at the postal address that you provided when you registered for the Services. You further agree that service will be deemed accomplished when we send the electronic mail message or paper communication, as appropriate, and that service may be proven through evidence that we sent the communication, regardless of whether we obtain evidence that you received the communication or that the communication was not delivered.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and us. They govern your use of the apps (but excluding services, if any, that we may provide to you under a separate written agreement), and completely replace any prior agreements between you and us in relation to the apps.
Even if we act in a way that you believe to be inconsistent with this Agreement, those actions will not be deemed a waiver or constructive amendment of this Agreement. Similarly, our failure to object to your breach of your obligations under this Agreement does not constitute a waiver of any of our rights.
If any provision of this Agreement is ruled unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that provision will be severed from this Agreement, and the other provisions will remain effective and enforceable. In addition, the severed provision will be deemed replaced with a comparable provision that most closely reflects the intent of the parties.
We reserve the right to terminate the Apps and this User Agreement at any time without notice for any reason, including, in the case of the User Agreement, for your violation of any of its provisions. The Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability and Governing Law sections of this User Agreement shall survive any such termination.
Limitation of scope
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and us as a result of this Agreement or your access to and use of the Apps.
No provision of this Agreement may be interpreted to limit our right to comply with governmental, court, and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Site or information provided to or gathered by us with respect to such use.
Right to opt in and opt out
You have the right to “opt-in” and “opt-out” of certain of our uses of your Personal Information. For example, in the apps, you may be able to elect to or not to receive correspondence from us or to make your content private, and you may be able to click an “unsubscribe” link in the footer of every email. You can also email us using the Contact link in our product. In this email, please say whether: (i) you would like to opt-out of receiving all email promotional correspondence from Brainscape in general or (ii) if you would only like to opt-out of certain of Brainscape’s e-newsletters or correspondence and if so which ones. You may also opt-out of Brainscape’s promotional emails by clicking on an opt-out link within the email you receive.
Please understand that if you opt-out of receiving promotional correspondence from us, we may still contact you in connection with your relationship, activities, transactions and communications with us.
Refunds
If you believe you have received faulty content or have not received an adequate study experience, you are entitled to a refund. Please contact support@brainscape.com to receive your refund payment.
Cancellation
If you wish to have your user account completely removed from Brainscape's databases, you may contact us at support@brainscape.com.
Contact us
If you have any questions or comments regarding our privacy practices, you may contact us at support
@brainscape.com
1. Changes to the agreement
2. Privacy policy
3. Cookie policy
4. Business transfer
5. Prohibited uses
6. Children
7. Scope of license
8. Indemnity
9. Modifications to service
10. Membership, fees
11. Security
12. Transfer of data outside of your home country
13. Copyright
14. Trademarks
15. Affiliates and Sales Representatives
16. Disclaimer of warranty; limitation of liability
17. Governing law; integration; no waiver; severability; termination
18. Limitation of scope
19. Right to opt in and opt out
20. Refunds
21. Cancellation
22. Contact us