X
Home
Privacy Policy
Deltek Privacy Policy
Effective Date: June 21, 2024
Deltek’s Privacy Practices – A Summary
Here at Deltek, we strive to deliver software and information solutions that connect and automate your projects to help you fuel your business.  As part of this mission, we want to be good stewards of the personal information you entrust to us as you interact with us, visit our websites, and use our services or applications.  This summary of our Privacy Policy explains the scope of our Policy, who we collect personal information from, what we collect, why, who it gets disclosed to, and the rights you may have over the personal information you entrust to us.  The full Policy is always available for your review but hopefully this summary will allow you to not only understand your rights but quickly get back to managing your projects and growing your business.
What Is Not Covered by This Privacy Policy?
When discussing how Deltek handles personal information, we want to first clarify what this Policy does not address. When you use our products or services (whether as our customer or as the end user of one of our customers), you may choose to upload, enter, or add data to our products or services for your own business purposes.  We call this “
Customer-Entered Data
.” While Customer-Entered Data may include personal information, this data is controlled by our customers, not Deltek. As such, this Privacy Policy does not cover Customer-Entered Data. The privacy protections that cover Deltek’s handling of Customer-Entered Data are addressed under separate agreements with Deltek’s customers.
Who Do We Collect Personal Information From?
We collect personal information from visitors to our websites, our customers, end users of our products and services, third parties, and people who attend events (both virtual and in-person) that are offered by Deltek.
What Do We Collect?
We may collect personal information (sometimes called personal data) such as contact information (names, email addresses, phone numbers), commercial information (products or services purchased, obtained, or considered), network activity information (IP address, logging information, product usage), audio information (phone calls with customer support), professional information (your current role or job history), and geolocation information.  For a complete list of the types of personal information we have collected in the last 12 months, see “
How We Collect Information
” and the “
California Addendum
” below.
Why Do We Collect It?
We may use the personal information for a variety of purposes including to: help you use or to improve our Sites and Services; provide you with customer support; communicate with you; fulfill a contract with you; enforce our legal rights and obligations; and inform you of offerings or products from Deltek or our Partner Network.
Who Do We Disclose Information To?
We may disclose or transfer your personal information to our service providers (e.g., those who provide services on our behalf such as information technology and related infrastructure, analytics, and auditing); other Deltek entities; third party members of our Deltek Partner Network; as needed to comply with law; as part of a future corporate restructuring; or as directed by you or with your consent.
How Can You Control Your Personal Information?
You have several rights with respect to your personal information, including to unsubscribe from all marketing communications from Deltek; to correct, to delete, or request access to your personal information; and to prevent the sale or certain sharing of your personal information. Information on how to exercise these rights (as well as exceptions that may apply) are below.  If you have any questions about these rights or Deltek’s privacy practices, please reach out using one of the means listed in the “
Contact Us
” section below.
Deltek’s Privacy Policy
Scope
This Privacy Policy governs and explains how Deltek, Inc. and its affiliates, subsidiaries, and related entities (
“Deltek”
or
“we”
) collect, disclose, and use your personal information as we provide services through our website (
www.deltek.com
) and affiliated websites (collectively referred to as, the
“Sites”
or
“websites”
), the applications and products offered by Deltek, and other interactions and communications you may have with Deltek (including through participating in Deltek events) (collectively, the
“Services”
).  As noted above, this Privacy Policy does not cover Customer-Entered Data.  Subject to this Privacy Policy, we collect personal information from visitors to our websites, our customers, end users of our products and services, third parties, and people who attend events (both virtual and in-person) that are offered by Deltek.
How We Collect Information
We Collect Information You Provide to Us
We collect personal information that you provide to us, depending on how you interact with us. For example, you may provide personal information to us when you:
Sign up to receive communications, participate in events, access Deltek resources, or otherwise communicate with us.For example, you may provide information such as your name, email address, physical address, phone number, employment information, and mobile phone number.
Order or purchase our products or services.
Share product feedback or submit requests for information.
Pursue employment with us.
When you purchase a product or service, you may provide your payment information to us such as financial account information, credit and debit card numbers, expiration date, and CVV as well as other professional information such as your title and business contact information.
We may also collect information when you share stories, content, experiences, suggestions, preferences or other input (e.g., expressing your preferences, comments, complaints, etc.), or submit requests for information from us. This includes information you share when you access or interact with Deltek on pages or accounts on any third-party social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or LinkedIn or contact us by email or phone or in-person.
Always be aware that if you share content with us on social media (e.g., stories, comments, blogs, postings, etc.), this may include personal information. You are responsible for all actions resulting from any information you post on our social media pages. Please remember that any information you post on social media pages may become publicly available, is not subject to this Privacy Policy, and Deltek is not responsible for the results of such postings.
We Collect Information Automatically or From Others
We may obtain some personal information automatically when you access or use our Services or Sites.
Traffic Data
. Our Services and Sites automatically track and collect your IP address, domain server, type of computer or device, and type of web browser. This helps us customize your online experience, provide security features, and assists with our marketing.
Cookies and Related Technology
. We also use cookies, web beacons, and related technologies (
“Cookies”
). While our
Cookie Policy
contains a more-detailed explanation, these technologies are generally small bits of code embedded in pages or images in our Deltek Sites and e-mails that allow us to remember information about your interactions with us. For example, the Cookies may help us remember your language or browser settings and understand how you have interacted with Sites and e-mails (such as whether our e-mails have been opened, forwarded or acted upon). We use these technologies for marketing purposes, to improve your experience with our Sites, and to improve our communications with you. If you are visiting a Deltek Site, you may adjust your browser and/or the settings in our Cookie consent tool to accept a Cookie or to not accept certain Cookies. Please review our
Cookie Policy
for more information on the types of Cookies we use, how we use them, and your choices related to Cookies.
In a nutshell, the following are examples of information we collect with these automated technologies:
Your IP address, browser type, and operating system;
The mobile device you use and its temporary or persistent unique device identifiers;
Pages you view within our Sites;
Video viewing history for videos you watch on the Sites;
Emails from us that you open and/or forward; and/or
Offers or links from us to which you connect.
Information collected automatically may be combined with other personal information we have about you so that we can improve and customize the Sites and Services and our communications and promotions. When we know how you interact with our Sites and Services, we can serve you better.
We may also collect personal information from third-party providers and business partners, including participants in the Deltek Marketplace/Partner Network, public databases, social media platforms, or third parties such as analytics or advertising and marketing providers, where permitted under applicable law.
How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect, on its own and combined with other information we collect about you, for the following purposes:
Providing our Sites or Services to you.
Communicating with you (such as about products, services, events, promotions and other offers and respond to your inquiries, comments, feedback, stories, or postings. We may also provide information on our employment opportunities and job openings). You can unsubscribe from our email marketing communications at any time.
Customizing and improving your experience.We use your information to tailor our Sites and Services, promotions, and communications so that they are more useful and relevant to you, such as through targeted advertising and messaging personalization.
Getting to know our customers. Your information helps us understand your preferences and provide and improve support related to our product and service offerings and marketing efforts. For example, we may use your information to: develop our products, services, promotions, and other offers; respond to your requests, suggestions, and other communications; improve our Services and business operations; and conduct research and analysis for marketing, business and other operational purposes.
Marketing and advertising.We promote our products and services and aim to provide tailored ads to you and others. We may advertise our products and services using third-party websites or online services.
Fraud detection, security, legal enforcement and compliance.We use your information to protect the security and integrity of our Sites and Services, for enforcement of our agreement with you (for example, our Deltek General Terms or other similarly applicable agreement) and our compliance with our applicable law.
When we process information as de-identified information, we will not re-identify such de-identified information, except as permitted under applicable law.
Overall, Deltek will normally collect your information with your consent, to perform a contract (for example, when providing Services), or where the processing is in Deltek’s legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, Deltek may also have a legal obligation to process personal information or may need to do so to exercise, establish, or defend legal claims.
How We Disclose Your Information
To perform our Services, we may disclose your information within Deltek and to third parties for the purposes described in the “
How We Use Your Information
” Section, or with your consent. We may disclose your information to the following types of third parties:
Within Deltek to our related corporate entities.
We disclose personal information within Deltek and to our related entities to provide our products, services, promotions, and other Services to you and for our marketing purposes, in accordance with applicable law.
Service providers
We disclose personal information to third-party service providers that provide a variety of services on our behalf or at your direction, including but not limited to the development, maintenance, and support of the Services and social media pages, payment processing, online and mobile application ordering, delivery of products and services, the distribution of email and mobile messages, promotions, advertising services, and marketing research and analysis.
Other entities
In addition, we may disclose personal information with other entities for additional purposes. For example, we may share personal information with our business partners and other third parties for joint marketing purposes, at your request, or as otherwise needed to perform a contract with you.  We may also share personal information as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for these corporate events. An entity that buys us or part of our business may continue to use your data in accordance with the Privacy Policy unless you request otherwise.
We may also disclose the personal information we collect to our analytics and advertising vendors and partners to develop analysis and business intelligence for our advertising and marketing purposes.
We may also share personal information as may be necessary to protect the safety, property, or other rights of Deltek or related entities, and their respective employees, customers, visitors, users, service providers, or any other person or entity; to comply with law, a court order, or other legal process (which may include access by courts, law enforcement or governmental authorities in the US or other jurisdictions), or in connection with a legal investigation; to enforce any applicable terms and conditions and other agreements; as otherwise may be required or permitted by applicable law; or in accordance with your consent.
Access to Information and Your Choices
We provide you with the opportunity to access, update or delete certain information and to unsubscribe or opt-out from certain communications. For example, you may exercise your choices as described below. Please be aware that, if you do not allow us to collect and use your personal information, we may not be able to deliver certain products, services, promotions, and offerings to you.
Opportunity to access, update and delete your information
You may request to access, delete, or update your personal information by:
Completing a privacy rights request form available
here
.
Emailing
privacy@deltek.com
Please be aware that your right to request to access, delete, or update your personal information may be limited by applicable exceptions such as Deltek’s obligation to perform an ongoing contract with you or to satisfy Deltek’s own legal compliance obligations.
Communications Preferences
You may choose how and whether to receive promotional or marketing communications from us. At any time, you can manage your communication preferences via the
Email Preference Center
or you may unsubscribe from receiving such communications by utilizing the “unsubscribe” or opt-out feature within the communication. Requests to unsubscribe from Deltek communications may also be made by contacting Deltek via the methods indicated in “
Contact Us
.”
Because we plan our communications in advance, it may take up to 5 business days for your “unsubscribe” request to become effective. If you continue to receive our communications after submitting an “unsubscribe” request, please let us know by contacting us using one of the methods listed in the “
Contact Us
” Section so that we can investigate the situation. Please note that we may continue to send transactional or service-related messages to you and that you may not submit unsubscribe request on behalf of someone else.
Information Security
We seek to keep your personal information secure by implementing reasonable technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help us protect such information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. We also ask our third-party service providers to use reasonable security measures to protect your information from unauthorized access, use and disclosure. However, please be aware that no method of electronically transmitting or storing information is ever completely secure.  For more information on security related to Deltek’s products, please see our
Security and Trust
page.
Retention
We retain personal information for the length of time needed to carry out the processing purposes described in the Privacy Policy. We also retain information for related business purposes, security, legal compliance, and disputes and claims handling, consistent with our retention policy and as permitted by applicable law.
California Addendum – California Consumer Privacy Policy
California’s privacy laws recently expanded to define “consumer” to include individuals acting in a commercial or employment capacity.  In other words, the word “consumer” under these statutes captures not only traditional consumers but also individuals who may interact with a business as an employee or business partner.  If you are a California consumer, the following provisions apply to our processing of information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you or your household (“
California Personal Information”
). For California consumers, the provisions of this California Addendum prevail over any conflicting provisions in other sections of this Privacy Policy.
Information We Have Collected
We have collected the following categories of California Personal Information within the last 12 months from the sources listed below:
(a) Identifiers, such as a real name, physical address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers. This category of information is collected from you, your devices, and third parties as described above in “
How We Collect Information
”.
(b) Personal information described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 (California customer records statute), such as a name, address, telephone number, credit card number, debit card number, or other payment information. This category of information is collected from you, your devices, or other third parties such as our business partners.
(c) Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. This category of information is collected from you, your devices, or other third parties such as our business partners.
(d) Internet or other similar network activity, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, browser settings like language preference, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. This category of information is collected from you and your devices.
(e) Geolocation data. This category of information is collected from you and your devices.
(f) Sensory data, including electronic, visual, or similar information. This category of information, such as photos or recordings of phone calls with Deltek personnel, is collected from you and third parties such as our business partners.
(g) Inferences, such as a profile about a consumer’s preferences, characteristics, and behavior, drawn from information we collect and insights we receive from third parties such as our marketing and advertising partners and data analytics providers.
(h) Sensitive personal information, such as account login information allowing access to an account, race, and ethnicity, in each case as further described above in the relevant categories. Additionally, as part of onboarding customers or hiring employees, we may also collect FEIN or SSN for legal compliance. Please note we do not collect sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you.
For more information on the types of information we have collected, how we have collected it, our uses, and how we have disclosed it for the past 12 months, please see the “
How We Collect Information
”, “
How We Use Information
”, and “
How We Disclose Information
” sections above. We retain each category of California Personal Information as described in the “
Retention
” Section of the Privacy Policy. We may also use the information we collect for our own or our service providers’ other operational purposes, purposes for which we provide you additional notice, or for purposes compatible with the context in which the California Personal Information was collected.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California consumer, you have certain rights related to your California Personal Information, including:
The right to know what California Personal Information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of California Personal Information, the categories of sources from which the California Personal Information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing California Personal Information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose California Personal Information, and the specific pieces of California Personal Information we have collected about you.
The right to correct inaccurate California Personal Information that we have collected about you.
The right to delete California Personal Information that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. For example, we may not be able to delete your information when you have a contract with us or are actively engaged with Deltek on a product support issue.
The right to opt out. You have the right to opt out of the disclosure of California Personal Information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration. You also have the right to opt out of the sharing of California Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising.
The right not to receive discriminatory treatment by the business for the exercise of privacy rights conferred by applicable law, including the right not to be retaliated against for the exercise of your rights.Deltek will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights.
You may request to exercise these rights by:
Completing our privacy rights request form
here
.
Emailing us at
privacy@deltek.com
.
What Happens When You Exercise Your Rights
As required under applicable law, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to information or acting on your request to exercise your rights. We may require you to provide your first name, last name, email address, and other information to verify your identity. We may limit our response to your exercise of the above rights as permitted under applicable law. When you submit a request to exercise your rights above, we will use the information you provide to process your request and to maintain a record of your request and our response, as permitted under applicable law.
Under California law, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. You may make such a designation by providing the agent with written permission to act on your behalf. We will require the agent to provide proof of that written permission. To the extent permitted by law, we may require you to verify your own identity in response to a request, even if you choose to use an agent.
If you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of a California consumer, please complete our privacy rights request form available
here
.
Data Privacy Framework
Deltek adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the Federal Trade Commission. To learn more see our
Data Privacy Framework Policy
.
As a global provider of software and information solution, we use affiliates and third parties located in other countries to help us run our business. As a result, personal information may be transferred outside the countries where we and our clients are located. This includes transfers to countries outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and to countries that may not have laws that provide the same degree of protection for personal information as your home country. In accordance with applicable legal requirements, we take appropriate measures to facilitate adequate protection for any information so transferred.
APEC Privacy Certification
Deltek’s privacy practices, described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the APEC Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) system.  The APEC PRP system provides a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal information transferred among participating APEC economies.  More information about the APEC PRP framework can be found
here
.
Concerns
Under the GDPR, you may submit inquiries or concerns to your data protection authority or another appropriate regulator about Deltek’s collection and processing of your Personal Data. For more information, you should contact the appropriate local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area are available
here
.
Under the CCPA, you may also submit inquiries or concerns about Deltek’s collection and processing of your Personal Data. In addition to those methods noted in “
Contact Us
,” California consumers may contact Deltek via our US toll-free number 1-800-456-2009, option 4 to submit your request or inquiry.
Privacy Policy Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and the updated Privacy Policy applies to you after the effective date stated in the revised Privacy Policy. Please come back to this page occasionally to check to see if it has been updated. You can also contact us as described in the “
Contact Us
” Section to receive a copy of the current Privacy Policy. If our information practices change, we will post an updated policy on our website. If we change the policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate notice to you such as posting a prominent notice on our website or emailing you if you provided your email to us.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email at
privacy@deltek.com
.
Written requests or notifications may be sent to:
Deltek - Office of the General Counsel
Attn: Privacy
2291 Wood Oak Drive
Herndon, VA 20171 USA
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our US-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.deltek.com/en/legal/deltek-data-privacy-framework-policy:
X
Home
Privacy Policy
Deltek’s Data Privacy Framework Policy
Deltek’s Data Privacy Framework Policy
March 15, 2024
Overview
We are committed to protecting the confidentiality and privacy of our customers, our people, and others with whom we do business.
Deltek, Inc. and its United States subsidiaries, Deltek Phillippines LLC and all other affiliates (“Deltek”) comply with the requirements of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the “DPF”). Deltek has certified to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission that it adheres to the DPF Principles with respect to personal information (as described below) that is transferred from the European Union and its Member States, the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), and/or Switzerland to the United States. If there is any conflict between the terms in this DPF Policy or another applicable privacy policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework and to view Deltek’s certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov
.
This DPF Policy applies to personal information within the scope of Deltek’s DPF certification, which covers the following categories of information:
Personal information regarding current, former, and prospective employees and contractors for the operation and management of Deltek’s human resource administration and maintaining contact with individuals.
Personal information regarding current, former and prospective clients and their personnel or others for the delivery of Deltek’s services, ongoing relationship management, and business development activities.
Personal information regarding third parties and their personnel in connection with the management and administration of the business relationships with such third parties.
Certain personal information covered by Deltek’s DPF certifications may also be subject to more specific privacy policies of Deltek. For example:
Deltek’s websites maintain their own privacy policies that apply to personal information collected via those sites. These policies may be accessed through those websites.
Internal policies and procedures relating to the protection of personal information for prospective, current, and former employees.
Personal information obtained from or relating to customers or former customers is further subject to the terms of any specific privacy terms provided to the customer, any contractual arrangements with the customer and applicable laws.
Personal information covered by this DPF Policy is collected and processed only as permitted by the DPF Principles. Notice to individuals regarding the personal information collected from them and how that information is used may be provided through this DPF Policy, other Deltek privacy notices, or other direct forms of communication with appropriate parties, such as contracts or agreements. Where necessary and appropriate, consent for personal information to be collected, used, and/or transferred may also be obtained through these same means.
Deltek collects and processes personal information only to the extent that it is compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorized by the data subject. Deltek does not retain personal information after it no longer serves the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorized. Deltek takes reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is accurate, complete, current, and reliable for its intended use.
Accountability for Onward Transfers
Consistent with the DPF Principles, Deltek may transfer personal information to third parties, including transfers from one country to another. We will only disclose an individual’s personal information to third parties under one or more of the following circumstances:
The disclosure is to a third party providing services to Deltek, or to the individual, in connection with the operation of our business, and as consistent with the purpose for which the personal information was collected. Deltek will maintain written contracts with these third parties and require that these third parties provide at least the same level of privacy protection and security as required by the DPF Principles. To the extent required by the DPF Principles, Deltek remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if a third party that it engages to process personal information on its behalf does so in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Deltek proves that it is not responsible for the matter giving rise to the damage;
When an individual has given permission to make the disclosure;
Where required and necessary to meet Deltek’s legal obligations, including a lawful request by public authorities, national security or law enforcement obligations, or applicable law, rule, order, or regulation;
Where reasonably necessary for compliance or regulatory purposes, or for the establishment of legal claims.
Individual Rights
Individuals whose personal information is covered by this DPF Policy have several rights regarding their personal information.
This includes the right to access the personal information that Deltek maintains about them as specified in the DPF Principles. Individuals may contact us to correct, amend or delete such personal information if it is inaccurate or has been processed in violation of the DPF Principles (except when the burden or expense of providing access, correction, amendment, or deletion would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual’s privacy, or where the rights of persons other than the individual would be violated). Individuals may also have the right to limit the use and disclosure of their personal information (opt out) under certain circumstances, such as marketing. Requests to access, correct, amend, delete, or limit the use and disclosure of personal information (opt out) may be submitted using our
Privacy Rights Request Form
.
Security
Deltek takes appropriate measures to protect personal information in its possession to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. These measures take into account the nature of the personal information and the risks involved in its processing, as well as best practices in the industry for security and data protection.
Enforcement
In compliance with the DPF Principles, Deltek commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. Individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our DPF Policy should first contact Deltek’s U.S. Privacy Office at privacy@deltek.com. Deltek’s policy is to respond to individuals within forty-five (45) days of an inquiry or complaint. If an individual has an unresolved complaint or concern that is not addressed satisfactorily, that individual may contact the competent EU, UK or Swiss data protection authorities.
Deltek will cooperate with the competent EU, UK, or Swiss data protection authorities and comply with the advice of such authorities.
You may have the option to select binding arbitration under the Data Privacy Framework Panel for the resolution of your complaint under certain circumstances. Deltek is also subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
Modifications
Deltek may update this DPF Policy at any time by publishing an updated version here, however we will not update this DPF Policy in contravention of the DPF Principles.
Download the PDF Version of this Policy »