^ Back to Top
Skip to content
Search
Site Navigation
Contact Us
Account / Login
Go to Basket
Items:
0
Total:
(£0.00)
(€0.00)
You are here:
Home
>
TSO Shop Help Pages
>
App Support
App Support
We hope you will find TSO's smartphone apps easy to use and helpful,
		but if you are experiencing any issues with our apps or would like to send us
		any comments or feedback, this page can help you. Check the FAQs to see if you
		can find an answer to your question, and if not, contact us by filling in our
feedback
		form
and our Technical Support Team will get back to you as soon as
		we can.
Please include the following information in your email to aid the
		  Technical Support Team in helping you more efficiently:
name of the app you are using
the device you are using it on (e.g. iPhone 4)
the operating system you are using (e.g. iOS 4.2). If you are
				not sure of your Operating System (OS), you can check by going to 'settings' on
				your device, then selecting 'general', 'about' and then scrolling down to
				'version'
as much detail as you can give about the issue/feedback.
App FAQs
I am having problems downloading an app from iTunes - what
		  should I do?
If you are trying to purchase one of TSO's apps from iTunes
		  but the app is failing to load to your device (you cannot see the app's icon on
		  your device or on your iTunes account), you will need to get in touch with
		  Apple directly. For more information on how to report an issue to iTunes:
http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1933
.
I have downloaded the iPhone app, but it's not working
		  properly - what should I do?
The first thing to do is to check that the software on your
		  device is up-to-date. For our Driving Standards Agency apps to function, you
		  need to be using iOS 3.0 or above. For our Life in the UK app to function, you
		  need to be using iOS 4.0 or above. If you are not sure of your Operating System
		  (OS), you can check by going to 'settings' on your device, then selecting
		  'general', 'about' and then scrolling down to 'version'.
If you are not using the appropriate OS you will need to
		  update your software. There is advice on how to do this on iTunes:
http://www.apple.com/support/itunes/install/
.
If you are still experiencing issues, please contact us by
		  filling in our
feedback
		  form
. Please give us as much information as possible about your issue
		  as this will help us identify what the problem might be. We will then get back
		  to you with a resolution as soon as possible.
The voiceover isn't working - what should I do?
You will need to download the voiceover by going in to
		  settings and switching the voiceover on. You will need to be connected to a
		  Wi-Fi network in order to download the files. It may take some time to download
		  as there is quite a lot of data, but please be patient! If you leave your
		  device whilst the voiceover is downloading, the download progress bar may have
		  disappeared when you return. To check the progress, reselect the 'Voiceover on'
		  button in Settings, click 'yes' to the pop-up, and the progress bar should
		  reappear.
If you continue to experience problems, please contact us by
		  filling in our
feedback
		  form
with as much information as possible about the problems you are
		  experiencing and we will help as soon as we can. Please note that voiceover is
		  not available on the DVSA Theory Test Free App, You'll need to upgrade to the
		  full app if you want to use this feature.
I have entered my test date in 'Settings' but I am not
		  receiving any notifications - why? (DVSA app users)
Users on iOS 4.0 or above who enter a test date when
		  prompted on their first use of the app, or who enter a test date in 'Settings',
		  will receive regular notifications reminding them to prepare for their theory
		  test. However, this function is not available to users on iOS 3. To enable this
		  functionality, you will need to update your software. Details on how to do this
		  are available on iTunes:
http://www.apple.com/support/itunes/install/
.
If you continue to experience problems, please contact us by
		  filling in our
feedback
		  form
.
I have bought The Official DVSA Theory Test Kit for Car
		  Drivers but it seems to be missing one whole section (either Hazard Perception
		  or multiple-choice) - what's wrong?
The likelihood is that you have gone into one section of the
		  app but have not navigated all the way back to the main home screen. When you
		  are on the main page of the Theory Test or Hazard Perception part of the app,
		  there is a home icon in the top left hand corner. Select this and you will be
		  taken back to the main homepage where you can select the other section of the
		  app.
How long should it take for you to get back to me about my
		  issue?
Our support team are available between 9am and 5pm Monday -
		  Friday. We will endeavour to get back to you on the same day about your issue,
		  but we may need to refer it to the app developers if we are not able to
		  identify an immediate problem. We will keep you informed of the progress of
		  your issue and aim to have issues resolved within 48 hours where
		  possible.
I have a suggestion about the app - can I let you
		  know?
Yes please! We'd love to hear your comments and suggestions.
		  Although we can't guarantee that we will be able to make all the changes you
		  suggest, we will listen to them all and see if we can incorporate them into
		  future versions of the apps to make them even better. Please contact us by
		  filling in our
feedback
		  form
and tell us what you think!
I am having problems with an Android, Amazon or Windows app -
		  what should I do?
If you have downloaded the app to your device but you are
		  experiencing an issue, please contact us by filling in our
feedback
		  form
. Please give us as much information as possible about your issue
		  as this will help us identify what the problem might be. We will then get back
		  to you with a resolution as soon as possible.
For all other queries please contact us by filling in our
feedback
		  form
. Please provide as much information as possible to aid the
		  Technical Support Team in helping you more efficiently.
>>
		  Buy The Official DVSA Theory Test Kit for Car Drivers on
		  iTunes
.
>>
		  Buy The Official Life in the UK Citizenship Test App on
		  iTunes
.
Help Pages
FAQs
About Us
Registering
Searching for Products
Purchasing
Call Charges
Cookies
Promotional Discount Codes
Payment
Delivery and Availability
Returns and Cancellations
CD-ROMs and DVDs
eBook Downloads
PDF Downloads
Software Downloads
App Support
Placing Subscription Orders
Managing your Account
Accessibility
Site Security
Customer Charter
Privacy Notice
TSO Shop Terms and Conditions
Consumer Terms and Conditions
Business Terms and Conditions
TSO Terms and Conditions of Website Use
Overseas Agents and Distributors
UK Agents and Distributors
International Customers
Show all Subjects & Categories
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.tsoshop.co.uk/TSO-Shop-Help-Pages/Privacy-Notice/?AF=A10116:
^ Back to Top
Skip to content
Search
Site Navigation
Contact Us
Account / Login
Select currency conversion:
British Pound
Euro
US Dollar
Canadian Dollar
Chinese Yuan
Australian Dollar
Japanese Yen
Indian Rupees
New Zealand Dollars
Swiss Francs
South African Rand
Brasilian Real
Bulgarian Leva
Czech Koruna
Danish Kroner
Hong Kong Dollar
Hungarian Forint
Indonesian Rupiah
Malaysian Ringgit
Mexican Peso
New Romanian Lei
Norwegian Krone
Philippine Peso
Polish Złoty
Russian Rouble
Singapore Dollar
South Korean Won
Thai Baht
Turkish Lira
Go to Basket
Items:
0
Total:
(£0.00)
(€0.00)
You are here:
Home
>
TSO Shop Help Pages
>
Privacy Notice
TSO Privacy Notice
Who we are
We are The Stationery Office Limited (referred to in this
			 document as We, Us, Our and TSO).
We are a member of the Williams Lea Group of companies.
We sell and publish products on behalf of a number of
			 organisations. In the majority of cases, we are the Data Controller under the
			 Data Protection Legislation for any information that you share with us when
			 accessing our products and services.
In certain circumstances we are acting as a Data Processor for an
			 organisation whose products and services we provide through this
			 website.
Our office address is:
18 Central Avenue
St. Andrews Business
			 Park
Norwich
England
NR7
			 0HR.
We are registered with the ICO under Registration number;
			 Z717712X.
Introduction
We understand the importance of your personal data and are
				committed to meeting the requirements of the Data Protection Legislation. To
				help us meet our obligations, and your expectations, we have developed this
				privacy notice to ensure that you are fully aware of:
the personal data we collect about you
what we do with your information
what we do to keep your information secure, and
the rights and choices you have over your personal
					 information.
This notice applies to all of our data collection and
				processing activities including:
any interaction with our customer services team and
your use of our website, including the purchase of goods
					 or services.
Throughout this notice, where we refer to Data Protection
				Legislation, we mean the Data Protection Act 2018 (DPA2018), United Kingdom
				General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR), the Privacy and Electronic
				Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and any legislation implemented
				in connection with this legislation.
When you are based in the EU, it also includes the EU General
				Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR). This includes any replacement legislation
				coming into effect from time to time.
We will use your information as set out in this Privacy Policy.
				If we need to use your personal information for any other purpose, we will take
				steps to provide you with additional information and we will update this
				privacy notice.
The personal data we collect
We only collect personal information that we genuinely need to
			 provide our services to you and in accordance with the Data Protection
			 Legislation.
We collect information about you from various sources depending
			 on the services that you are engaging with - some information is collected
			 directly from you; some is generated when you interact with our website.
Information we collect directly from you may include:
Name
Telephone Number
Email Address
Postal Address
Home Address
Payment Information (bank or payment card
					 information)
Any information you share in interactions with our
					 customer services team over the phone, by email or via our social media
					 presence.
If you are a business customer, we may also collect information
			 about your employer and your role.
In your use of our services, we may generate information about
				you such as:
purchase history,
service access history,
your interests and preferences,
technical information such as IP address, log in
					 information and your devices.
We collect limited technical information about your visit to our
			 site, this helps us to better understand how our customers move around, and
			 interact with, our website.
We do not routinely collect or process any Special Category
			 information about you in the provision of our services.
Lawful basis for processing your personal
			 data
We will only ever process your personal data if we have a
				lawful basis to do so. The lawful bases we rely on are:
Contract
- This is where we process your
					 information to fulfil a contractual arrangement, we have made with you such as
					 the delivery of any Items that you purchase.
Consent
- This is where we have asked you to
					 provide permission to process your data for a particular purpose such as to
					 send you marketing material. Please note, if we are relying on your Consent,
					 you can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us or using the opt out
					 link in any emails that we send to you.
Legitimate interests
- This is where we rely
					 on our interests as a reason for processing, generally this is to provide our
					 service in the most secure and appropriate way.
Legal obligation
- This is where we have a
					 statutory or other legal obligation to process the information, such as for the
					 investigation of crime.
Your Rights
You have a number of Rights under the Data Protection
			 Legislation. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you can contact
			 us using the contact details in the "Contact Us" Section.
Your rights under the Legislation are:
The right to be informed about our
				collection and use of personal data
You have the right to be informed about the collection and use
				of your personal data. This privacy notice gives you this information.
Right to access your personal
				information
You have the right to access the personal information that we
				hold about. This is sometimes termed 'Subject Access Request.' If we agree that
				we are obliged to provide personal information to you (or someone else on your
				behalf), we will provide it to you or them free of charge and aim to do so
				within 1 month from the point that we are able to confirm your identity. We
				will ask for proof of identity and sufficient information about your
				interactions with us that we can locate your personal information.
Right to correction of your personal
				information
If any of the personal information we hold about you is
				inaccurate, incomplete or out of date, you can ask us to correct it. You can
				update your information thorough your online account or by contacting our
				customer services team.
In some cases, we are not responsible for the content of the
				documents that are available through our website and as such we are unable to
				make corrections. In such circumstances we will seek to assist you in
				contacting the relevant company or organisation.
Right to restrict
				processing
You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your
				personal data. For example, this may be because you have issues with the
				accuracy of the data we hold or the way we have processed your data. The right
				is not absolute and only applies in certain.circumstances. As with the right to
				correction, in some cases we are not responsible for the content of the
				documents that are available through our website and as such we are unable to
				make corrections.
Right to
				erasure
You have the right to have personal data erased. This is also
				known as the 'right to be forgotten'. The right is not absolute and will only
				apply in certain circumstances.
Right to
				portability
The right to portability gives you the right to receive
				personal data you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and
				machine-readable format. It also gives you the right to request that we
				transmit this data directly to another controller.
Right to
				object
You have the right to object to our processing of some or all
				of the personal data that we hold about you. This is an absolute right when we
				use your data for direct marketing but may not apply in other circumstances
				where we have a compelling reason to do so, for example if we have a legal
				obligation.
For more information about your privacy
				rights
The Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) regulates data
				protection and privacy matters in the UK. They make lots of information
				accessible to consumers on their website and they ensure that the registered
				details of all data controllers such as ourselves are available publicly. You
				can access the ICOs consumer information at
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public
.
Your Right to make a
				complaint
You can make a complaint to the ICO at any time about the way
				we use your information. However, we hope that you would consider raising any
				issue or complaint you have with us first. Details of how to contact us can be
				found in the Contact Us section of this notice.
Your satisfaction is extremely important to us, and we will
				always do our absolute best to solve any problems you may have.
How we use your personal data
We will use your personal information for a number of purposes
			 namely to ensure we are providing our services to you in the ways that you
			 would expect. We will particularly use personal information for the below
			 purposes:
To process orders that you place and
				facilitate any returns
We will take payment card details to process payments made
					 to us, this is then processed by our chosen payment processors, we do not
					 collect or store debit credit card numbers, other than the last four
					 digits.
We will use your address to deliver your purchases to you
					 and to facilitate any returns.
We will use your contact information to keep you up to
					 date on the status of your order.
To provide you with a TSO Account
To register an account with us we capture information such
					 as your name, contact and delivery information, and a password to protect your
					 account.
We use this information on an ongoing basis to manage and
					 provide secure access to your account and provide you with the services you
					 request.
To answer any questions that you have or
				to follow up with you on any customer services enquiries
If you contact us through email, social media, phone or
					 through our website we will use your information to answer your questions and
					 to correspond with you.
We may record phone calls and maintain copies of your
					 interactions with us and will use this on an ongoing basis for quality
					 monitoring and to help us improve our services.
To Manage and improve our business and our
				interactions with you
We will use certain personal and technical information
				including information from Cookies to:
analyse and understand our consumer base
understand the effectiveness of our advertising
					 campaigns
develop new products and services
secure our network
investigate and respond to service or security
					 issues
ensure our website operates on multiple platforms
troubleshoot, test, support and maintain our website and
					 other business services
for logistical and demand forecasting.
To meet our legal and regulatory
				obligations
We use your data to ensure we comply with any requirements
					 imposed on us by law or court order, including disclosure to law or tax
					 enforcement agencies or pursuant to legal proceedings.
We will share data with regulatory and other official
					 bodies if they make formal requests.
We will maintain records to meet regulatory and tax
					 requirements
To Prevent and Detect Crime
We use your account information, order history and payment
					 history to assist in monitoring for fraudulent transaction.
When you register an account or contact our customer
					 services team, we use your account information and previous purchase history
					 information to assist in confirming your identity.
We use device identifiers and IP addresses in fraud
					 prevention and investigation, and to maintain network and data security.
To keep in touch with you and promote our
				products and services (Consumers)
If you give us your permission, we will use your
					 information to send you promotional material and newsletters that we believe
					 will be relevant to you.
Note - You can unsubscribe from marketing communications at any
				time using the unsubscribe link in our email, by contacting our customer
				services team or through your online account by navigating to "Email
				Preferences" and follow the instruction to "Unsubscribe!.
We will also use your contact information to send you
					 service message such as changes to this policy, updates to our terms and
					 conditions or information about your account - these communications are not
					 marketing messages.
We may also contact you to take part in satisfaction
					 surveys or for you to leave a review on a product that you have purchased - we
					 will also use this information to help in developing our products and
					 services.
To keep in touch with you and promote our
				products and services (Business Subscribers)
If you are a business customer, or a reseller of TSO's
					 products, we may send you marketing emails or contact you via telephone to keep
					 you up to date on products, services and events that we feel may be of interest
					 to you.
We may also use your personal information to keep you
					 informed of new and/or existing products that are similar to those which you
					 have previously purchased.
If you, or your business does not wish to receive such
					 communications you can contact our customer services division on Tel: +44
					 (0)333 202 5070 or by sending an email to
tsoproductupdates@tso.co.uk
How long we retain your personal data
We retain a record of your personal information in order to
			 provide you with a high quality and consistent service and to evidence the
			 actions we have taken on your behalf.
In line with the Data Protection Legislation, we only keep your
				personal information for the length of time we need it to:
Deliver our services to you
Meet our Business needs
Meet our legal obligations.
Who we may share your personal data with
In some circumstances we may need to share your personal data
				with third parties in order to:
Provide you with the service that you have asked
					 for
Meet our legal obligations
Run and manage our business.
We may share your personal information with:
Law Enforcement or other public authorities that require
					 us to release information
To any organisation where it is necessary for us to
					 establish a legal claim or to defend ourselves against such a claim
Other members of our group of companies as required for
					 them to provide management services to us
Our professional advisors including accountants, legal
					 professionals or insurers
Payment services providers who process payments on our
					 behalf
Delivery service companies who deliver your goods to
					 you
Providers of ancillary business support services such as
					 Information Technology services (as a processor on our behalf)
Marketing service providers (as processors on our behalf)
					 including organisations that help us communicate with you
Online Advertising providers that help us in showing
					 advertising material to you on our site, on the internet and on social media
					 (if you are opted into Marketing)
Any organisation in the event of the sale, merger,
					 reorganisation, dissolution or disposal of our business. We will inform you of
					 any such transfer or disclosure as required by law.
In some cases, the products offered for sale on our site are
			 published by an independent third party, in these cases we are acting as a
			 reseller only. In such cases, depending on our relationship with the
			 organisation, we may share limited information about the products and services
			 that you have ordered along with personal information, with these third parties
			 in order for them to manage demand, dispatch goods to you directly or to manage
			 their business.
We may also provide such information back to these organisations
			 if we cease to be a reseller for their goods or services. In these situations,
			 you will be provided with additional privacy information by the organisation
			 directly.
In all cases we:
only provide the minimum personal information that each
					 party requires to carry out their duties
only disclose personal information to organisations who we
					 have a contractual relationship with or have an overriding legal requirement to
					 hold the information.
International transfers of personal data
In some instances, your personal information may be processed
			 outside the UK and the European Economic Area. For example, we work with
			 suppliers and partners who may make use of cloud and /or hosted technologies
			 across multiple geographies and jurisdictions.
If and when this is the case, we take steps to ensure there is an
			 appropriate level of security so your personal information is protected in the
			 same way as if it was being used within the UK or the EEA.
Where we need to transfer your data outside the UK or EEA, we
				will use one of the following safeguards:
The use of standard contractual clauses in contracts for
					 the transfer of personal data to third countries or
Transfers to a non-EEA country with privacy laws that give
					 the same protection as the EEA.
How we protect your personal data
Data security is of great importance to Us and to protect your
			 data we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial
			 procedures to safeguard and secure any information that we control. TSO hold
			 ISO27001 certification, covering our information governance and security
			 standards and are audited against this standard annually.
At a high level we have put the below measure in place:
Limiting access to our buildings to those that are
					 entitled to be there
Implementing access controls to across our technology
					 estate
Limiting the availability of personal information to those
					 that require access to that information
All our employees and agents who have access to or are
					 involved in the processing of personal information are contractually obliged to
					 protect the confidentiality of personal information.
Our websites may include links to external websites operated by
			 other organisations. They may collect personal information from visitors to
			 their site. We cannot guarantee the content or privacy practices of any
			 external websites and does not accept responsibility for those websites.
Changes to this notice
We may change this privacy notice from time to time (for example,
			 if the law changes). If the changes are material, we will take steps to inform
			 you via email or through our services.
How to contact us
If you would like to:
exercise one of your rights as set out above
have a question or a complaint about this notice,
					 or
have a question or complaint about the way your personal
					 information is processed.
You can contact us using the details below:
By emailing our Customer Services Team at -
customer.services@tso.co.uk
By emailing our Data Protection Team at -
global.privacy@williamslea.com
Help Pages
FAQs
About Us
Registering
Searching for Products
Purchasing
Call Charges
Cookies
Promotional Discount Codes
Payment
Delivery and Availability
Returns and Cancellations
CD-ROMs and DVDs
eBook Downloads
PDF Downloads
Software Downloads
App Support
Placing Subscription Orders
Managing your Account
Accessibility
Site Security
Customer Charter
Privacy Notice
TSO Shop Terms and Conditions
Consumer Terms and Conditions
Business Terms and Conditions
TSO Terms and Conditions of Website Use
Overseas Agents and Distributors
UK Agents and Distributors
International Customers
Show all Subjects & Categories