Menu
Action
Back
Action
Blast
Crazy Toad
Island Racer
Kiteboarding
Motorbike
Pinball
Rasty Pelican
SpacePig
Board
Back
Board
Backgammon
Billiards
Chess
Domino
MahJong
Skript
Solitaire
Yatzy
Puzzle
Back
Puzzle
Color Sudoku
Gems
Kink
Neven
Perspectrip
Spotter
Tico
Tools
Back
Tools
Tokens
Subscription
Recommend
Redeem
Promotions
Organizer
News
Back
News
Blog
Newsletters
Press Releases
Help
Back
Help
Downloading
Purchasing
Unlocking
FAQ
Contact
This policy describes the ways we collect, store, use and protect your personal information. We may amend this policy at any time by posting a revised version on our website. The revised version will be effective at the time we post it.
How we collect information about you
When you fill our “contact” form, we collect your name and email address.
When you send us an email, we collect your email address and your name if you include it.
When you register in our “forum”, we collect your email address and other optional data.
When you recommend our games in our “recommend” page, we collect your email address and your friend’s email address.
When you purchase any of our games at Google Play we get access to your name, address and email address.
When you make a payment via the PayPal website, they collect the following types of information from you:
•	Contact information - your name, address, phone, email, and other similar information.
•	Financial information - the bank account numbers and credit card numbers that you link to your PayPal account.
When your transaction at PayPal has finished we are notified and we get access ONLY to your contact information, NOT your financial information.
How we protect your contact information
We store and process your contact information on our computers in the US, and we protect it by maintaining physical, electronic and procedural safeguards. We use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption, we enforce physical access controls to our location and files, and we authorize access to personal information only for those employees who require it to fulfill their job responsibilities.
How we use your contact information
Our primary purpose in collecting contact information is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. We may use your contact information to:
•	provide the services and customer support you request;
•	send you notices about new products or updates, but you may opt not to receive any notice;
•	resolve questions and troubleshoot problems;
•	prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our User Agreement;
How we share contact information with other parties
We may share your personal information with:
•	Companies that we may plan to merge with or be acquired by. (Should such a combination occur, we will require that the new combined entity follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information. If your personal information could be used contrary to this policy, you will receive prior notice.)
•	Law enforcement, government officials, or other third parties when we are compelled to do so by a subpoena, court order or similar legal procedure, we need to do so to comply with law, we believe in good faith that the disclosure of personal information is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity, or to investigate violations of our User Agreement.
•	Other third parties ONLY with your consent or direction to do so.
baKno will not sell or rent any of your contact information to third parties in the normal course of doing business and only shares your contact information with third parties as described in this policy.
How you can restrict baKno from sharing your contact information
Federal and state laws allow you to restrict the sharing of your personal information in certain instances. However, these laws also state that you cannot restrict the types of sharing we may use.
You can also control how we use your contact information to market our software to you by opting out from our email notifications in our "contact" form page.
How you can change your contact information
You can change your contact information by sending us an email or using our "contact" form page.
How you can contact us about privacy questions
If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, you should contact us by using our "contact" form page.
About baKno
baKno Games. All rights reserved.
License Agreement
Privacy Policy
Payments