magicJack Privacy Policy
The “Companies” (or “we” or “us” or “our” as defined in our Subscriber Agreement) know that you care about how your personal information is used and shared and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about how we use your personal information. All capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Subscriber Agreement which may be found at:
help.magicjack.com/faq/saps
and as may be modified thereafter (the “Subscriber Agreement”).
By using any of our Services (including the magicJack App and/or any of our other mobile apps offered from time to time by us in connection therewith) or by visiting, accessing or using our website at
store.magicjack.com
you agree that you have reviewed and understood this Privacy Policy to your full satisfaction, that you consent and agree that you are subject to this Privacy Policy, and that we are permitted to collect, use and share information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Your access to and use of the Services is subject to the Subscriber Agreement.
Effective Date: January 15, 2015.
Privacy Policy Overview
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) and other information that we gather when you access and/or use the Services. In addition, this Privacy Policy covers how you may control your Personal Information when you use our Services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control (including any third-party products or services used for logging into the Services), or to individuals that we do not employ or manage.
Personal Information Collection and Usage
The information we gather from users and visitors enable us to personalize and improve our Services and allows our users to register to set up a user account to use our Services by voluntarily providing registration data and other requested information. Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell or rent your Personal Information to third parties without your consent.
As described in this Privacy Policy, we share non-personally identifiable information with interested third-parties to assist them in understanding the usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality of our Services. We may contract with a third party to track and analyze non-personally identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers to administer our website and Services and constantly improve their quality. All data collected by such party on our behalf is owned and used by us. We reserve the right to publish non-personally identifiable, summary information regarding our website visitors and users of our Services for promotional purposes. Please note that it is not Personal Information. It is only general summaries of the activities of our visitors and customers from which your Personal Information cannot be derived or discerned.
We collect and use the following types of information from users of our Services and visitors to our website:
Information You Provide
We collect personally identifiable information in order to register your account as our customer, to process requests for Services and in connection with the provision of and billing for the Services. We ask you to provide your name, email address, street address, zip code and (when you are paying for Services) your credit card number.
We provide your Personal Information to the Companies to provide the Services to you. In addition, we need to send your Personal Information to other companies who work as partners with us to provide Services to you. Unless we tell you differently, these other companies do not have any right to use the Personal Information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us). This Personal Information is limited to only necessary information in reference to any Services you may obtain online.
We receive and store any information you enter when using the Services or provide to us in any other way. The types of information collected in this manner include all information received upon account creation as well as provided to us while using the Services.
Automatically Collected Information
We and some third party providers we work with automatically receive certain types of information whenever you communicate or otherwise interact with us (including by e-mail or chat communications) or use the Services. Automatic technologies and services we use may include, for example, web server logs/IP addresses, cookies, web beacons and call records.
Web Server Logs/IP Addresses:
When you use our website and Services we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address and the page you requested. An IP address is a number assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. All computer identification on the Internet is conducted with IP addresses, which allow computers and servers to recognize and communicate with each other. We collect IP addresses to conduct system administration and report aggregate anonymous information to affiliates, business partners and/or vendors to conduct site analysis and website performance review and to improve our Services.
Cookies:
Some of the advertisements and other services that may appear on our website and Services are delivered to you by Internet advertising companies. These companies utilize certain technologies including cookies to deliver advertisements and marketing messages and to collect anonymous information about your visit to our website and other websites and your use of our Services. A cookie is a piece of information that is placed automatically on your device drive when you access certain web services. The cookie uniquely identifies your device to the server and lets a web server know that you are the same person who previously accessed the server. This makes an extended interaction possible. Cookies also allow us to store information on the server to help make the Services better for you and to conduct Services analysis.
Web Beacons:
We may use web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about your usage of our Services and interaction with emails from us. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as cookies, when you viewed a particular website or mobile app tied to the web beacon, and a description of a website or mobile app tied to the web beacon. For example, we may place web beacons in marketing emails that notify us when you click on a link in the email that directs you to our website or Services. We may also use web beacons to operate and improve our website, email communications and Services.
Call Records:
In connection with the provision of our Services, we retain call records which can also contain Personal Information. We will not provide your call records to unaffiliated third parties without your consent.
Interest-Based Advertising
When you use our website and Services, we may collect information about your activities for use in providing you with advertising about products and services tailored to your individual interests. This section of our Privacy Policy provides details and explains how to exercise your choices.
You may see certain ads on other websites based on your visits to our website or use of our Services because we participate in advertising networks administered by third-party vendors. Ad networks allow us to target our messaging to users through demographic, interest-based and contextual means. These networks track your online activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of cookies, web server logs and web beacons. The networks use this information to show you advertisements that are tailored to your individual interests. The information ad network vendors may collect includes information about your visits to websites that participate in the vendors' advertising networks, such as the pages or advertisements you view and the actions you take on the websites. This data collection takes place both on our website and our mobile app(s) and on third-party websites and mobile app(s) that participate in the ad networks. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. To learn more about how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising, please visit:
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
.
We may use third-party web analytics services on our website and Services, such as those of Google Analytics, including the following Google Analytics advertising features: (i) Remarketing with Google Analytics, (ii) Google Display Network Impression Reporting, (iii) DoubleClick Platform integrations and (iv) Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web server logs and web beacons to help us analyze how visitors use our website and Services. The information collected through these means (including IP address) is disclosed to these analytics providers, who use the information to evaluate use of our website and Services.
We may utilize Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online. Third-party vendors, including Google, may show our ads on sites across the Internet. We may utilize Google Display Network Impression Reporting to allow us to see the effects on our website and Services users of different types of ads and their usefulness. We may utilize data provided by Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to grow our website and Services and better customize our information to the interests of our customers and vistors. We and other third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on visitor's past visits to our website and past use of our Services. We may combine information we collect from you with information we receive from third parties and use it for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Google Analytics' terms of use and privacy policy applies to their collection, use and disclosure of your information. To learn more about Google Analytics and how to opt out, please visit:
http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
. Visitors can also opt out of Google Analytics features, such as Google's use of cookies, using Ad Settings at
https://www.google.com/settings/ads
.
Location Information
When you use the location-enabled feature of our Services, such as our mobile app, we may collect and process information about your actual location, like GPS signals sent by a mobile device. We do not share that information with third parties other than as required by law. You can choose to allow access to your current location provided by your mobile device using GPS or similar technologies to allow others to identify your location. By changing your mobile phone settings, you can turn off the mobile app's access to your location at any time. When you use our mobile app, we collect and use information about you in the same way and for the same purposes as we do when you use our website.
Sharing Policies
Below are the circumstances in which we may share your Personal Information.
Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties:
We, like many businesses, sometimes hire third parties to perform certain business-related functions. Examples include mailing information, maintaining databases, processing payments and obtaining payment. We may provide access to your Personal Information to third parties who are performing services for us in connection with our website or the Services that you have requested. When we employ a third party to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they reasonably require to perform their specific function.
Financial Services Parties:
The information you enter when making a request for Services, including Personal Information, will be shared with payment processors, financial gateways, and your credit card company to authorize credit card payments. Such information may also be shared with necessary third parties solely for the purpose or carrying out the transactions.
Advertisers:
We may aggregate Personal Information with Personal Information of other users of our Services and/or our website, and disclose such information in a non-personal manner, or in a personally identifiable manner, to advertisers and other third parties for marketing and promotional purposes. In these situations, we may disclose to these entities any information that could be used to identify you personally.
Affiliates:
We may share your Personal Information and non-personally identifiable information with the other Companies and with companies that are controlled by us, or under common control with us (our “Affiliates”), so that they and we can offer you Services that may be of interest to you and to process such information on our behalf.
Sale of Business:
If any or all of the Companies is sold or disposed of as a going concern, whether by merger, sale of assets, sale of equity, change of control, bankruptcy proceeding or otherwise, your information collected by us, including any related database of the Companies could, in whole or in part, be sold as part of that transaction. In the event we go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, sale of all or a portion of its assets or equity, bankruptcy, dissolution or similar transactions or proceedings, your Personal Information will likely be among the assets transferred.
Legal Requirements:
We may disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary: (i) to conform to legal requirements or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other legal process received by us, whether or not a response is required by applicable law; (ii) to enforce our Subscriber Agreement and related guidelines or to protect our rights; (iii) to respond to your requests for customer service; or (iv) to protect the rights, property or safety of members of the public, users of the Services and our employees.
You understand that calls to our customer support teams may be monitored and/or recorded for training and quality control purposes, and you consent to all such monitoring and/or recording.
Except as set forth above, we will notify you before disclosing your Personal Information to third parties, and you will be able to prevent such disclosure.
Security
Upon signing up for an account with us you will be required to provide a password which will help protect your personal account from outside access. If you have any issues with your account protection please notify us and we will assist in resetting your password.
Keep in mind however, that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We cannot enforce or control the security of the computers, electronic devices, or electronic communication method that a user may utilize to send e-mails and submit information to us over the Internet. Users are responsible for ensuring that the computers, mobile phones, electronic devices and electronic communication methods that users utilize will provide adequate security for communicating with us. To protect user privacy and security, a website user and mobile app user must keep his or her password confidential. We are not responsible for the disclosure or interception of your information before we receive it.
We use commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the security of your information. Once we receive information, we make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
Users Outside Of The United States
Our website and Services are operated on servers located in the United States, and Personal Information is also stored on computers located in the United States. You consent to the transfer of such information to and from the United States and/or other countries for storage, processing and use by the Companies, Affiliates and business partners as provided in this Privacy Policy. We make no representation that the practices described in this Privacy Policy are compliant with laws outside of the United States that apply to the collection, security, use and disclosure of personal information.
Emails
We may send you administrative emails to verify your account, to assist with your requests for assistance with your account and/or the Services as well as help protect the identity of your account in case of fraud. By signing up for an account with us we may also send you updates and information on the latest releases and promotional emails to the given email address, with the option to opt-out of receiving promotional emails at any time.
Links To Other Sites
Other companies or organizations may have links to their websites on our website and Services. We are not responsible for how these other companies or organizations collect, use, disclose, or secure the information that you provide them. If you choose to access a third party website linked from our website or Services, you do so at your own risk and subject to any terms of service or privacy policy (if any) associated with such third party website.
Do Not Track Policy
Our website and Services are not designed to respond to "do not track" signals received from browsers.
Control Over Your Information
We give you the ability to edit your account information and preferences at any time. We allow you to access the following information about you for the purpose of viewing, and in certain situations, updating or deleting that information:
User e-mail address
Username and password
You can change what information our mobile app sends to us. You can exercise this control by changing the settings of your mobile device.
You maintain the right to deactivate your account at any time or to remove the magicApp from your mobile device entirely.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes in the way we use your Personal Information we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our website at least thirty (30) days prior to the change taking effect. Any revised Privacy Policy will only apply prospectively to Personal Information or non-personal information collected or modified after the effective date of the revised policy. You should periodically review the Privacy Policy available at our website for revisions. Use of our Services and/or our website after revision of the Privacy Policy signifies your consent to the revised Privacy Policy.
California Privacy Rights
We collect various types of Personal Information about you online as described in this Privacy Policy. Under California law, our customers who are residents of California may request certain information about our disclosure of Personal Information during the prior calendar year to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. For detailed information about the data collected refer to magicJack Privacy Notice for California Residents located at
https://store.magicjack.com/account/mjLandingpages.do?page=CCPA-privacy
.
Questions or Concerns
If you have questions, concerns or suggestions regarding privacy on our Services, send them here:
PrivacyRights@magicJack.com
. 
	                    We will reply back in a timely manner in accordance with the message.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html:
marketingplatform.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google is committed to advancing racial equity for Black communities.
See how.
Faster, smarter marketing
Introducing Google Marketing Platform, a unified advertising and analytics platform for smarter marketing and better results.
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Easy-to-use tools for small businesses
Get free tools to make the most of your marketing, from site and app analytics to intuitive testing and more.
See small-business solutions
Advanced solutions for large enterprises
Make deeper customer connections to drive better marketing results with a complete set of advertising and analytics solutions.
See enterprise solutions
Our Adidas teams
work together in one environment
where we can see audience insights, what creative we’re running and where, how it’s performing, and make changes almost in real time.
Chris Murphy
,
          Head of Digital Experience,
              Adidas
GMP_Logo_analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Learn more about Analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Tag Manager
Manage all your tags without editing code.
Campaign Manager 360
Get a complete view of all your digital media campaigns.
Display & Video 360
Reach today’s always-connected audiences wherever they are.
Search Ads 360
Get real-time data and unified insights for your search campaigns.
1
Bain report: How top brands grow with timely customer connections.
New research from Bain shows how leading marketers are using platform integrations and technology to boost customer engagement by delivering more relevant experiences in the moment.
Read more
Case Study
Deckers Brands drives business growth with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
Feature Brief
Control how data is used in Google Analytics
Read more
Guide
Meeting the data challenge with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
1
See all resources
Let’s partner up.
Whether you’re looking for help with a single project or a bigger, long-term partnership, Google Marketing Platform Partners have the resources and expertise you need to help you achieve more with your marketing.
Find a partner
Help when you need it.
We’re here to support you every step of the way, whether you use a single product or the entire Google Marketing Platform.
Get support
Sub-policy 1
https://store.magicjack.com/account/mjLandingpages.do?page=CCPA-privacy:
magicJack Privacy Notice for California Residents
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
Last Reviewed on: January 1, 2020
This
Privacy Notice for California Residents
supplements the information contained in magicJack LP's (collectively with its subsidiaries and direct and indirect corporate parents “we”, “us”, or “our”) Privacy Policy located at:
https://store.magicjack.com/account/mjLandingpages.do?page=privacy
and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California ("consumers" or "you"). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
This Notice does not apply to employment-related personal information collected from California-based employees, job applicants, contractors, or similar individuals.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device ("
personal information
"). Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
YES
B.1. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, address, telephone number, credit card number, and debit card number
YES
B.2. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
NO
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including family genetic information).
NO
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
NO
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
NO
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
YES
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
NO
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
NO
Our Website obtains/We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete or products and services you purchase.
Your interaction with our customer support services.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Website, products, and services.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To personalize your Website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us  about our users/consumers is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. The CCPA prohibits third parties who purchase the personal information we hold from reselling it unless you have received explicit notice and an opportunity to opt-out of further sales.
We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Service providers.
Government entities in compliance with law.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months, the Company has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category B.1.: California Customer Records personal information categories.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Service providers.
Government entities in compliance with law.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Please note that we can’t provide our Services to you if we delete your personal information from our records, so such a request will necessarily involved termination of your Services.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 1-800-624-4252
Emailing us at:
PrivacyRights@magicJack.com
Visiting:
https://store.magicjack.com/account/mjLandingpages.do?page=privacy
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to the e-mail address associated with that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Personal Information Sales:
We do not sell the personal information of consumers.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Other California Privacy Rights
California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to:
PrivacyRights@magicJack.com
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice's effective date.
Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which magicJack collects and uses your information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone:
1-800-624-4252
Website:
https://store.magicjack.com/account/mjLandingpages.do?page=privacy
Email:
PrivacyRights@magicJack.com
Postal Address:
magicJack
Attn: Privacy Rights
931 Village Blvd – Ste 905
Box No. 386
West Palm Beach, FL 33409