Glu Mobile Privacy Policy
Last Updated: August 31, 2021
Francais
What’s Changed:
We updated information regarding our data sharing with our parent Electronic Arts Inc. and its affiliates (collectively, “EA”).
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Glu Mobile Inc. and its subsidiaries (“Glu,” “we” or “us”). This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our websites, mobile applications and other online products and services (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the information collected from: (1) web-based applications that are based on our mobile applications but are published by third parties, (2) mobile applications that we distribute on behalf of third parties and which are hosted and operated by such parties, or (3) the on-line submission of resumes and employment applications in connection with the Jobs section of our website.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as by adding a statement to our homepage or mobile applications or by sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
If you are located in the United Kingdom, Switzerland or the European Economic Area (EEA), please see our Supplemental EEA+ Privacy Statement here –
https://www.glu.com/eea-privacy-statement
If you are a resident of California, please also see our Supplemental California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosures here –
https://www.glu.com/caprivacy
Collection of Information
We collect information that you give us directly, information that we collect automatically when you use our Services, and information that is provided to us by third parties.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
We collect information that you give us directly, such as when you create an Account, manage your user profile,  make purchases, or contact customer support.
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create an account, manage your user profile, participate in any interactive features of the Services, request our e-newsletter or other marketing communications, participate in a promotion or survey, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we collect include your name, email address, postal address, photograph, avatar, password, phone number, username, gender, birth day, forum posts and comments, messages between users and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide, but, as you’ll see when you interact with one or more of the Services, the exact types of information we collect will depend on the Service you choose to use. Prize winners of contests or sweepstakes may also have to provide their Social Security Numbers, which are used exclusively for prize fulfillment and related tax purposes.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY WHEN YOU USE THE SERVICES
We may collect other information when you use our Services, such as information about your device, hardware and software information, usage information, IP address, or browser information.
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Device Information:
We collect device-specific information when you access our Services from a mobile device, including your hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information and country, language, screen size and resolution, and battery life remaining.  We may also scan your device, including your device’s RAM and file storage, for purposes of detecting and preventing cheating, hacking, fraud, unauthorized use of the Services, or any activity that violates or is inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies.
Use Information:
We collect information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, game play activity, interactions with other players, your IP address and, with respect to our website, the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:
We use various technologies to collect information, and this includes sending cookies to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that helps us to improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits. We also collect information using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”). Web beacons are electronic images that are used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon.
For more information about the cookies and similar technologies we use, please see our Cookie Notice here –
https://www.glu.com/cookie-notice
. For more information about how to disable them, please see “Your Choices” below.
Other Information Collected with Permission:
Our mobile applications that are distributed through various “app” stores also request permission to automatically collect other information from your mobile device, including your email address. We only collect this information with your authorization in accordance with your device operating system’s permission process.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM OTHER SOURCES
We may receive information about you from third parties, such as mobile platforms or social media third-party authenticators that you use to sign in to our Services.
We also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. For example, if you create or log into your account through a social media site, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, account information, profile picture, phone number, email address, gender, date of birth and friends lists, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such social media site.
Use of Information
We use your information to operate our Services, to improve your game experience, to provide you customer support, to serve and measure the effectiveness of advertising, to personalize our communications with you, and for any other purpose for which you consent at the time of collection.
We use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Services;
Setup your gWallet account and manage the Glu credits that you earn and use across our Services;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information, including confirmations and invoices;
Send you communications about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by Glu and other companies, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content, suggested connections or features that match user profiles or activities;
Process and deliver contest entries and rewards;
Detect and prevent cheating, hacking, fraud, unauthorized use of the Services, or any activity that violates or is inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies; and
Carry out any other purpose for which you consent at the time of collection.
Sharing of Information
We do not disclose or share your personal information with third parties except as we describe in this section, such as to provide our Services and to deliver advertisements.
We share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to provide services to us or to you;
With other users of the social features of the Services. For example, your username, profile picture and the virtual content you have accumulated in a game may be visible to other users of that game. Additionally, information that you provide in your account registration for a forum and your forum comments may be available to other forum users.
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Glu or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; or
With EA for any legally permissible purpose consistent with the
EA Privacy & Cookie Policy
, including to analyze and improve our and EA’s games, provide the players of such games with different experiences, and present offers to players that may interest them; or
With your consent or at your direction.
We also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Social Sharing Features
The Services offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook “Like” button), which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Analytics, Advertising and Other Services Provided by Other Companies
We allow third parties to serve advertisements in connection with our Services, to provide analytics services and provide you with other services, such as rewards programs and tournaments. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons, your account information (that you set up with these third parties) and other technologies to collect information about you on our Services and other websites and online services, such as your IP addresses, identifiers associated with your mobile device or applications on the device, the browsers you use to visit our Services, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked, and conversion information. These third parties may also share this information with their customers and clients. This information may be used by Glu, and these other companies and their customers and clients, to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests, and better understand your usage. Some of these third-party analytics and advertising services offer you a choice to opt out of the collection of and/or sharing of this information; links to the opt-out mechanisms for the third parties that offer such a choice can be found in the “Your Choices” section below. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third-party cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies. In addition, if you click on ads shown on our Services, download third-party apps, or otherwise engage with third parties, you send your personal information to third parties. We do not control the data processing practices of third-party advertisers and recommend that you review the advertisers’ privacy policies before sending personal information to them.
Security
We use a range of security measures to secure and protect your information.
Glu takes measures intended to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.  If you have any questions or concerns regarding the security of our Services, please contact us at support@glu.com.
Your Choices
We provide you with choice and control about our use of your information, including your ability to exercise your data privacy rights.
Account Information
You may update or correct your account information, which may include your username, password, email address and avatar, by logging into your account and managing your profile. If you wish to delete or deactivate your account, please email us at
support@glu.com
, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of your account information for a certain period of time.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Push Notifications
With your consent, we send push notifications (or “alerts”) to your mobile device to provide game activity information, service updates, promotional communications and other related messages. You can deactivate push notifications by changing your notification settings via your device.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional messages from Glu by following the instructions in those messages or by contacting us at
privacy@glu.com
. If you opt out, we may still send you transactional or relationship messages, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Third Party Analytics and Advertising Services
We have identified the provider names of some of the third-party analytics and advertising services we use. Please see the links on
this page
to learn more about the data practices of our third-party service providers (including opt-out mechanisms they may offer). You can also use your device settings to manage interest-based advertising that appears on mobile applications; to do so, select “limit ad tracking” on Apple iOS operating systems and “opt-out of interest-based ads” on Android operating systems.
EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks
We store and process your information in the United States and other countries where we operate. When we do this, we utilize technical, physical, and administrative safeguards to meet data transfer requirements set forth in the Privacy Shield Framework Principles.
We adhere to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework Principles issued by the U.S. Department of Commerce (the “Principles”) in connection with personal data received from the EEA and Switzerland in reliance on the Principles. We also receive some data in reliance on other compliance mechanisms, including agreements based on the EU standard contractual clauses.  For more information about the Principles and to view our certifications, please visit the Department of Commerce’s
Privacy Shield website
at
https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome
Our accountability for personal data that we receive under the Principles and subsequently transfer to a third party is described in the Principles. In particular, if a third party service provider providing services on our behalf processes personal data from the
EEA or Switzerland in a manner inconsistent with the applicable Principles, we will be
liable unless we can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damages.  In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Principles, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
You may contact us about any question or complaint regarding adherence to the Principles as indicated in the “Contact Us” section below. If we do not resolve your complaint, you may submit your complaint free of charge to our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Under certain conditions specified by the Principles, you may also be able to invoke binding arbitration to resolve your complaint. You also have the right to access the personal data we have about you on file where such data is subject to the Principles or where applicable laws provide you with this right. To access your personal data, please contact
support@glu.com
.
Contact Us
You may contact us if you have questions about this policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Privacy Policy Administrator
. You may also contact our Privacy Policy Administrator by writing to:
Privacy Policy Administrator
Glu Mobile Inc.
875 Howard Street, Suite 100
San Francisco, CA 94103
For an archive of past Glu Mobile privacy policies,
click here
.
END OF PRIVACY POLICY
Manage consent
Please share your location to continue.
Check our
help guide
for more info.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.glu.com/eea-privacy-statement:
We use necessary cookies that are required to operate the site. We use marketing cookies to analyze traffic and performance, and to deliver more relevant content. Some cookies may be used by certain third parties. For more details see our
Cookie Policy
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept all
Decline
Manage Preferences
Save preferences
Manage Preferences
Cookie Notice
Privacy Policy
{title}
Supplemental EEA+ Privacy Statement
Last Updated: August 31, 2021
Francais
The data protection laws of the United Kingdom, Switzerland and the European Economic Area (EEA) (collectively, the “
EEA+”
), including the General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”), require us, Glu Mobile Inc., to provide additional and different information about our data processing practices to individuals in the EEA+.
1.     Scope
This Statement only applies to to the use of our websites, mobile applications, and other online products; it does not apply to any data collection from third-party sites and services or to prospective employment data.
This Statement applies to personal data we collect when you use our websites, mobile applications and other online products and services (collectively, the “
Services
”). This Statement does not apply to the information collected from: (1) web-based applications that are based on our mobile applications but are published by third parties, (2) mobile applications that we distribute on behalf of third parties and which are hosted and operated by such parties, or (3) the on-line submission of resumes and employment applications in connection with the Jobs section of our website.
2.     Identity of Data Controller
Glu Mobile Inc. is the Data Controller of your personal data collected when you use our Services.
Glu Mobile Inc. is the data controller. Our address is 875 Howard Street, Suite 100, San Francisco, CA 94103. You may contact our EU Representative at EURep@glu.com or by post at Parkmore West Business Park, 1, Ballybrit, Galway, H91 Y2R5, Ireland and our UK Representative at UKRep@glu.com or by post at Onslow House, Onslow St, Guildford GU1 4TN, United Kingdom.
3.     Legal Basis for Processing
We may rely on different legal bases to process your personal data, including where we have your consent, where we have a legitimate interest to do so, where the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you and/or where we have a legal obligation to do so.
We will only process personal data about you in accordance with the following legal bases:
If you enter or wish to enter into a contract with us, we process your personal data as necessary to enter into the contract with you and perform our responsibilities under our contract with you, such as to process your order and fulfill the products or services you purchase.
We process your personal data as necessary to realize a legitimate interest based on an assessment of that interest and your privacy and other fundamental interests. In particular, we may process your personal data to realize legitimate interests in preventing fraud, engage in some marketing-related activities, protect and improve our products and services, and communicate with you about administrative or technical changes to our Services or to deliver legal documents.
If we request your consent to a specific processing activity (such as to send you marketing emails), and you provide your consent in the manner indicated, we process your personal data in accordance with your consent.
In some cases, we process your personal data as necessary to comply with a legal obligation, such as to respond to legal process requests, or to protect your or another individual’s vital interests.
4.     International Data Transfers
We store and process your personal data in the United States and other countries where we operate. When we do this, we utilize technical, physical, and administrative safeguards to meet data transfer requirements set by various privacy laws, such as the European General Data Protection Regulation.
We may transfer your personal data to service providers and business partners outside of the EEA. Some of these recipients are located in countries for which the European Commission has issued adequacy decisions, including but not limited to: Canada, Israel, Japan, New Zealand and Switzerland. In each case, the transfer is thereby recognized as providing an adequate level of data protection from a European data protection law perspective (GDPR Art. 45).
Some recipients of your personal data are located in countries for which the European Commission has not issued an adequacy decision in respect of the level of data protection there, including but not limited: Australia, Chile, China, India, Mexico, Philippines, and Singapore.  By entering into appropriate data transfer agreements based on Standard Contractual Clauses (2010/87/EU and/or 2004/915/EC) as referred to in GDPR Art. 46(5) or other adequate means, we have established that such recipients will provide an adequate level of data protection and that appropriate technical and organizational security measures are in place to protect personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, and against all other unlawful forms of processing.
You can ask for a copy of such appropriate data transfer agreements by contacting us using the contact details above.
5.     Your Rights and Choices
We provide you with choice and control about our use of your information, including your ability to exercise your data privacy rights.
Subject to the conditions set out under the GDPR, you have the following rights:
Right to object:
You have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to the processing of your personal data, in which case such processing may be required to cease.
Right of access:
You have the right to know whether your personal data is being processed, and, where that is the case, to request access to the personal data. The access information includes, among other things, the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned, and the recipients or categories of recipients to whom your personal data have been or will be disclosed. You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal data undergoing processing.
Right to rectification:
You have the right to rectify inaccurate personal data concerning you. Depending on the purposes of the processing, you have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
Right to erasure (to be forgotten):
You have the right to have your personal data erased in certain cases.
Right to restriction of processing:
You have the right to have the processing of your personal data restricted in certain cases.
Right to data portability:
You have the right to receive your personal data which you provided in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you have the right to transmit the personal data to another entity.
Right to withdraw your consent:
If you declared your consent regarding certain types of processing activities, you can withdraw this consent at any time with future effect.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us via the details listed above. Please note that these rights might be limited under applicable national data protection laws. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.
You are not required to provide any personal data to us, but if you do not provide any personal data to us, you may not be able to use certain features of our Services. You can use our Services without consenting to cookies that are not strictly necessary; however, this might affect the availability and functionality of our Services. You can also use our Services without consenting to receiving marketing communications from us; the only consequence is that you may not receive marketing communications that you may be interested in.
6.     Data Retention
We may retain certain information for legitimate business purposes or required by law.
We store the information we collect about you for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which we originally collected it, which depends on the personal data at issue and the purposes for which we process it. We may retain certain information for legitimate business purposes or as required by law.
Manage consent
Please share your location to continue.
Check our
help guide
for more info.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.glu.com/caprivacy:
We use necessary cookies that are required to operate the site. We use marketing cookies to analyze traffic and performance, and to deliver more relevant content. Some cookies may be used by certain third parties. For more details see our
Cookie Policy
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept all
Decline
Manage Preferences
Save preferences
Manage Preferences
Cookie Notice
Privacy Policy
{title}
Supplemental California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosures
Last Updated: January 1, 2020
In these Supplemental California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosures (“
CCPA Disclosures
”), we, Glu Mobile Inc., disclose information about our data processing practices as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
”) and supplement the disclosures in our Privacy Policy at
www.Glu.com/privacy/
. We use the term “
Services
” to mean our websites, mobile applications and other online products and services.
These CCPA Disclosures are effective January 1, 2020.
I.  Who and what information is subject to these CCPA Disclosures?
California residents are protected as “consumers” by the CCPA with respect to their personal information.
A number of statutory exceptions apply under the CCPA and to these CCPA Disclosures, including the following:
(1) personal information reflecting a written or verbal communication or a transaction between the business and the consumer, where the consumer is a natural person who is acting as an employee, owner, director, officer, or contractor of a company, partnership, sole proprietorship, non-profit, or government agency and whose communications or transaction with the business occur solely within the context of the business conducting due diligence regarding, or providing or receiving a product or service to or from such company, partnership, sole proprietorship, non-profit, or government agency;
(2) personal information that is collected by a business about a natural person in the course of the natural person acting as a job applicant to, an employee of, owner of, director of, officer of, medical staff member of, or contractor of that business to the extent that the natural person’s personal information is collected and used by the business solely within the context of the natural person’s role or former role as a job applicant to, an employee of, owner of, director of, officer of, medical staff member of, or a contractor of that business;
(3) personal information that is collected by a business that is emergency contact information of the natural person acting as a job applicant to, an employee of, owner of, director of, officer of, medical staff member of, or contractor of that business to the extent that the personal information is collected and used solely within the context of having an emergency contact on file; and
(4) personal information that is necessary for the business to retain to administer benefits for another natural person relating to the natural person acting as a job applicant to, an employee of, owner of, director of, officer of, medical staff member of, or contractor of that business to the extent that the personal information is collected and used solely within the context of administering those benefits.
II.  How can a consumer with a disability access these CCPA Disclosures?
Consumers who have a visual disability may be able to use a screen reader or other text-to-speech or text-to-Braille tool to review the contents of this notice.
III.  CCPA Notice at Collection Online
In this CCPA Notice at Collection Online, we are addressing disclosure requirements under California Civil Code § 1798.100(b) and California Attorney General Regulations § 999.305 at or before the point of online collection:
We collect the following categories of personal information about consumers:
Information you provide directly to us.
For example, we collect information when you create an account, manage your user profile, participate in any interactive features of the Services, request our e-newsletter or other marketing communications, participate in a promotion or survey, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we collect may include your name, email address, postal address, photograph, avatar, password, phone number, username, gender, birth day, forum posts and comments, messages between users and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide, but, as you’ll see when you interact with our Services, the exact types of information we collect will depend on the Service you choose to use.Prize winners of contests or sweepstakes may also have to provide their Social Security Numbers, which are used exclusively for prize fulfillment and related tax purposes. We use this information in order to respond to your requests, answer your questions or provide our Services to you.
Information automatically collected.
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Device Information:
We collect device-specific information when you access our Services from a mobile device, including your hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information and country, language, screen size and resolution, and battery life remaining.
Use Information:
We collect information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, game play activity, interactions with other players, your IP address and, with respect to our website, the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:
We use various technologies to collect information, and this includes sending cookies to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us to improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see “Your Choices” below. We also collect information using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”). Web beacons are electronic images that are used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon.
Other Information Collected with Permission:
Our mobile applications that are distributed through various “app” stores also request permission to automatically collect other information from your mobile device, including your email address. We only collect this information with your authorization in accordance with your device operating system’s permission process.
Social Media Information:
We also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. For example, if you create or log into your account through a social media site, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, account information, profile picture, phone number, email address, gender, date of birth and friends lists, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such social media site.
We use this information to provide, maintain, secure, customize and improve our Services; setup your gWallet account and manage the Glu credits that you earn and use across our Services; provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information, including confirmations and invoices; send you communications about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by Glu and other companies, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you; send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages; monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services; personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content, suggested connections or features that match user profiles or activities; process and deliver contest entries and rewards; and carry out any other purpose for which you consent at the time of collection.
IV.  CCPA Privacy Policy
Beyond the disclosures in the preceding “CCPA Notice At Collection Online” section, we are providing additional disclosures about consumer rights and our personal information handling practices in the preceding twelve months, as required by the CCPA and regulations of the California Attorney General, including § 999.308 (Privacy Policy).
1.     Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Disclosed, or Sold
This Supplemental CCPA Privacy Policy describes the personal information we generally collect, use, disclose and sell about California residents. You have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose and sell about you specifically (“right to know”). To submit a request to exercise the right to know, please populate the webform accessible
here
or submit an email request to
support@glu.com
and include “California Request to Know” in the subject line. Please specify in your request the details you would like to know, including any specific pieces of personal information you would like to access.
We will ask that you provide certain information to verify your identity. The information that we ask you to provide to verify your identity will depend on your prior interactions with us and the sensitivity of the personal information at issue. We will respond to your request in accordance with the CCPA. If we deny your request, we will explain why.
2.     Our Personal Information Handling Practices in 2019
We have set out below the categories of personal information we have collected about California residents in the preceding 12 months and, for each category of personal information collected, the categories of sources from which that information was collected, the business or commercial purposes for which the information was collected, and the categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information.
Category of personal information
We collected such personal information to use for the following business or commercial purposes:
We have collected such personal information from the following categories of sources:
We shared such personal information with the following categories of third parties:
1.
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
Any categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80: “Personal information” means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, his or her name, signature, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, education, employment, or medical information. “Personal information” does not include publicly available information that is lawfully made available to the general public from federal, state, or local government records.
Electronic Information.
We use this information to provide, maintain, customize and improve our services; setup your gWallet account and manage the Glu credits that you earn and use across our services; provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information, including confirmations and invoices; send you communications about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by Glu and other companies, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you; send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages; monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our services; personalize and improve the services and provide advertisements, content, suggested connections or features that match user profiles or activities; process and deliver contest entries and rewards; and carry out any other purpose for which you consent at the time of collection.
Directly from the California resident, Social Media Sites and service providers.
·     With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to provide services to us or to you;
·     With other users of the social features of the Services. For example, your username, profile picture and the virtual content you have accumulated in a game may be visible to other users of that game. Additionally, information that you provide in your account registration for a forum and your forum comments may be available to other forum users.
·     In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
·     If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Glu or others;
·     In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; or
·     With your consent or at your direction.
·     We also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
2.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, including  age (40 years or older), race, color, national origin, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), and sexual orientation.
Biometric information.
We use this information to provide, maintain, customize and improve our services; send you communications about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by Glu and other companies, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you; monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our services; personalize and improve the services and provide advertisements, content, suggested connections or features that match user profiles or activities; process and deliver contest entries and rewards; and carry out any other purpose for which you consent at the time of collection.
Directly from the California resident
For the purposes identified above, with vendors, consultants, other service providers; in response to a request for information; in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; or with your consent or at your direction.
3.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
We use this information to provide, maintain, customize and improve our services; setup your gWallet account and manage the Glu credits that you earn and use across our services; provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information, including confirmations and invoices; send you communications about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by Glu and other companies, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you; send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages; monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our services; personalize and improve the services and provide advertisements, content, suggested connections or features that match user profiles or activities; process and deliver contest entries and rewards; and carry out any other purpose for which you consent at the time of collection.
Directly from the California resident
For the purposes identified above, with vendors, consultants, other service providers; in response to a request for information; in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; or with your consent or at your direction.
4.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site.
We use this information to provide and improve our services; provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information, including confirmations; send you communications about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by Glu and other companies, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you; send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages; monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our services;process and deliver contest entries and rewards; and carry out any other purpose for which you consent at the time of collection.
Directly from the California resident.
·     With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to provide services to us or to you;
·     In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
·     If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Glu or others;
·     In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; or
·     With your consent or at your direction.
·     We also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
5.
Inferences drawn from any of the information identified in this subdivision to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
We use this information to provide, maintain, customize and improve our services; send you communications about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by Glu and other companies, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you; monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our services; personalize and improve the services and provide advertisements, content, suggested connections or features that match user profiles or activities; and carry out any other purpose for which you consent at the time of collection.
Directly from the California resident, Social Media Sites and service providers.
For the purposes identified above, with vendors, consultants, other service providers; in response to a request for information; in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; or with your consent or at your direction.
3.     Disclosures of Personal Information
Over the preceding 12 months, we disclosed certain categories of California residents’ personal information to the categories of third parties as shown in the table above. We
did not “sell” personal information in the preceding 12 months, as the term “sell” is defined in the CCPA. However, as mentioned in our
Privacy Policy
, we allow certain business partners to receive your information in connection with providing services to you or to us .  If you would like to opt-out of this practice, please see the “Your Choices” section in our
Privacy Policy
. If a consumer clicks on ads shown on our services, downloads apps, or otherwise engages with third parties, the consumer sends their personal information to third parties. Glu Mobile does not control the data processing practices of third-party advertisers and recommends that consumers review the advertisers’ privacy policies before sending personal information to them.
4.     Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
You have a right to request the deletion of personal information that we collect or maintain about you. To submit a request to delete personal information, please populate the webform accessible
here
or submit an email request to
support@glu.com
and include “California Request to Delete” in the subject line. Please specify in your request the personal information about you that you would like to have deleted.
We will ask that you provide certain information to verify your identity. The information that we ask you to provide to verify your identity will depend on your prior interactions with us and the sensitivity of the personal information at issue. Once we have verified your identity, we will ask you to confirm that you wish to have your personal information deleted. Once confirmed, we will respond to your request in accordance with the CCPA. If we deny your request, we will explain why.
5.     Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information by a business. We did not “sell” personal information in the preceding 12 months, as the term “sell” is defined in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.140(t)(1). However, as mentioned in our
Privacy Policy
, we allow certain business partners to receive your information in connection with providing services to you or to us .  If you would like to opt-out of this practice, please see the “Your Choices” section in our
Privacy Policy
.
6.     Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights
You may not be discriminated against because you exercise any of your rights under the CCPA in violation of Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.125.
7.     Authorized Agent
You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf if:
The authorized agent is a natural person or a business entity registered with the Secretary of State of California; and
You sign a written declaration that you authorize the authorized agent to act on your behalf.
If you use an authorized agent to submit a request to exercise your right to know or your right to request deletion, please have the authorized agent take the following steps in addition to the steps described in Sections 2 and 3 above:
Mail a certified copy of your written declaration authorizing the authorized agent to act on your behalf to Glu Mobile Inc., Attn.: Customer Care, 875 Howard Street, Suite 100, San Francisco, CA 941003, support@glu.com; and
Provide any information we request in our response to your email to verify your identity. The information that we ask you to provide to verify your identity will depend on your prior interactions with us and the sensitivity of the personal information at issue.
If you provide an authorized agent with power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465, it may not be necessary to perform these steps and we will respond to any request from such authorized agent in accordance with the CCPA.
8.     Contact for More Information
If you have questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy or practices, you may contact us using the following details:
Email address: privacy@glu.com
Postal address: Privacy Policy Administrator, Glu Mobile Inc., 875 Howard Street, Suite 100, San Francisco, CA 94103
Manage consent
Please share your location to continue.
Check our
help guide
for more info.
Sub-policy 2
https://privacy.ea.com/:
This site can’t be reached
The webpage at
https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-and-cookie-policy
might be temporarily down or it may have moved permanently to a new web address.
ERR_HTTP2_PROTOCOL_ERROR
The webpage at
https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-and-cookie-policy
might be temporarily down or it may have moved permanently to a new web address.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;