Home
Current Page
At International SOS, we
value
and protect privacy.
Here you can find information on our
privacy principles
as well as
direct links
to our privacy notices, and how to contact us.
If you are looking for
MedAire
's privacy policy, please click
here
.
We make privacy a priority
Throughout International SOS, Privacy is a genuine priority. This means we review and act upon privacy at the highest levels of the organisation. This includes having a dedicated Data Protection Committee that reports into our board, and an operational Information Security and Privacy Committee that monitors privacy and continuous improvement within our organisation.
We protect your personal information
We implement comprehensive measures to protect personal data across everything we do. For example, this includes ensuring ongoing training for all colleagues within an organisation, having clear procedures for our colleagues to follow, and maintaining leading certifications that demonstrate our privacy and security practices.
We are focused on transparency
It’s important to us that you know how we collect and use your personal information. To do this, we publish clear privacy notices and wherever possible we inform you of how we will use your information at the point of collection. Where we are working with your employer and receive information from them, we work with them to maintain this principle of transparency. Importantly, we never sell your personal information.
We give you choices
Where applicable, we allow you to influence how we collect and use your personal information. This includes providing you with options as to how we share your data when you reach out to us for assistance, as well as options as to how we monitor your use of our services through cookie management.
#YesItMatters
that we design all of our products and services with privacy in mind.
Website Cookies
To change your preferences at any time, click the cookie icon at the bottom left of your screen.
Data Subject Rights
Learn more about your rights here.
Learn more
Ask a Question
Reach out directly to our Data Protection Officers.
Contact our Data Protection Officers
#YesItMatters
that we have DPOs who understand how
#internationalsos
works and keep your data safe.
What Personal Information we Collect on this Website and Why
Contact Information
If you choose to contact us, we’ll collect your name and contact details to be able to reply to you, as well as who you work for to help us to link your contact with our ongoing client relationships.
Usage
We monitor how you interact with our websites and services to help us to improve these and to identify any issues. This includes information such as your IP Address, device identifiers, and information on what you interacted with across our sites and services. For information on our use of cookies and other storage, please click the cookie icon on the left of your screen.
Web Visitors
We collect data on visitors to our websites. For more information, visit our Web Visitor privacy notice.
More information
Our Privacy Notices
Managers and Clients
Members and Patients
Employees and Prospective Employees
Providers
Site Visitors
Government Beneficiary
Managers and Clients
This notice is for the users of our Manager applications such as Manager View, as well as other representatives of our clients, such as those that may be involved in the procurement of our services.
Managers and Clients Privacy Notice
Members and Patients
Our Members and Patients are the users of our assistance services, medical services such as our clinics, as well as many of our digital services, such as our Assistance App.
Members and Patients Privacy Notice
Employees and Prospective Employees
External Staff, Employees and Prospective Employees can find information on our use of their data here.
Employees and Prospective Employees Privacy Notice
Providers
Our network of Providers is an integral part of our delivery of assistance. As a provider, or representative of a provider, you can find further information here.
Providers Privacy Notice
Site Visitors
If you’re visiting one of our offices, or another International SOS site, our Site Visitors notice will provide you with more information on how your information is used.
Site Visitors Privacy Notice
Government Beneficiary
As a beneficiary or other user of our government services delivery, we use your data to deliver services to you.
Government Services Privacy Notice
Our Certifications
ISO 9001 Certified
ISO / IEC 27701
ISO / IEC 27001 Certified
Ribbon