Privacy Statement
HealthTap, Inc. Privacy Statement
Last Updated:
April 17, 2023
HealthTap, Inc. and its affiliates ("HealthTap," "we," "our," and/or "us") value the privacy of individuals who use our website (the "Site"), mobile application, and related services, including the HealthTap Premium Services, (collectively, our "Services").
This privacy statement ("Privacy Statement") explains how we collect, use, and share information from or about individuals who use our Services ("Members"). It describes what information other members or doctors can see when they use our Services. This Privacy Statement also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to Personal Information, and how you can contact us if you have any questions or concerns. By using our Services, you agree to the collection, use, disclosure, and procedures this Privacy Statement describes. In addition to this Privacy Statement, your use of our Services is also subject to our
Terms of Use
.
For the purpose of this Privacy Statement, "Personal Information" means any information that, by itself or in combination with other information, identifies or can reasonably be used to identify an individual, such as their name, email address, telephone number, address, date of birth, or healthcare information. Personal Information does not include information that is anonymized. "Protected Health Information" has the meaning defined in the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ("HIPAA"), and is not Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Statement, but is rather subject to our
Notice of Privacy Practices
described below.
A. Information We Collect
We may collect a variety of information from or about you or your devices from various sources, as described below.
You can browse many areas of the Site and/or our applications without providing any Personal Information. However, at certain areas of the Site, we may ask that you provide Personal Information. Where applicable, we indicate whether and why you must provide us with your Personal Information, as well as the consequences of failing to do so. If you do not provide your Personal Information when requested, you may not be able to use our Services if that information is necessary to provide you with our Services or if we are legally required to collect it.
Information You Provide to Us
Registration and Profile Information.
We collect the information you provide when you create a HealthTap account, including your name, email address, password, and date of birth. We will also receive any optional information you choose to add to your HealthTap Profile ("Profile"), such as your health goals, medications, medical conditions, location, and other information. Health conditions and treatment recommendations often depend on your age, gender, and where you live. Having robust Profile information lets HealthTap give you a personalized experience, and it helps HealthTap doctors give you an appropriate treatment plan.
Payment Information.
When you add a credit card or payment method to your Profile or make a purchase through our Services, we will collect that payment card information / a third party service provider that handles payments for us will receive your payment card information.
Communications.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you. For example, when you contact us for customer support, we will receive your name, email address, phone number, the contents of a message or attachments that you may send to us, and other information you choose to provide. If you subscribe to our newsletter, then we will collect certain information from you, such as your email address. When we send you emails, we may track whether you open them to learn how to deliver a better customer experience and improve our Services.
Carrers.
If you decide that you wish to apply for a job with us, you may submit your contact information, cover letter, and your resume online. We will collect the information you choose to provide on your resume, such as your education and employment experience. You may also apply through LinkedIn. If you do so, we will collect the information you make available to us on LinkedIn.
Information We Collect When You Use Our Services
Location Information.
When you use our Services, including our mobile application, if you allow us, we may receive your precise location information. We use your location information to connect you with local doctors in order to comply with regulations and to personalize and improve your experience by suggesting service providers that are located near to you. Service providers including but not limited to pharmacies, doctors, and lab test centers. We also use your location information to help our doctors develop an appropriate treatment plan for you. This location information is also used to help troubleshoot network connectivity and user experience issues. We also infer the general physical location of your device and the geographic regions our Members come from. For example, your internet protocol ("IP") address may indicate your general geographic region.
Device Information.
We receive information about the device and software you use to access our Services, including IP address, web browser type, operating system version, phone carrier and manufacturer, installed applications, device identifiers, mobile advertising identifiers, and push notification tokens.
Usage Information.
To help us understand how you use our Services and to help us improve them, when you use our Services, we automatically receive information about your interactions with our Services, such as the pages or other content you view, any content you post, and the dates and times of your visits.
Information from Cookies and Similar Technologies.
A cookie is a small piece of data that a website can send to your computer's internet browser, which is then stored on your computer's operating system. Cookies are how websites recognize users and keep track of their preferences. We and third-party partners collect information using cookies, pixel tags, or similar technologies. Our third-party partners, such as analytics and advertising partners, may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across different services. For more information about our use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Please review your web browser's "Help" file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete or choose not to accept cookies from the Service, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Service to their fullest potential.
Information We Receive from Third Parties
Virtual Consult Summaries.
At the end of every virtual visit (meaning a consultation between a doctor and a patient through our Services using text chat and/or video), the doctor will prepare a note about the virtual visit (the "Consult Summary"), which may include health information such as symptoms, diagnosis, and treatment. These Consult Summaries will become part of your Profile. When you initiate virtual visits using our Services, the doctor that you see or chat with will be able to view all past Consult Summaries to be able to give you appropriate care.
Social Media Accounts.
We may obtain Personal Information about you from third party social media services, such as Facebook and Twitter, if you choose to link our Services with third party social media accounts ("Social Media Account") by either: (i) providing your Social Media Account login information to HealthTap through the Services; or (ii) allowing HealthTap to access your Social Media Account, as is permitted under the applicable terms and conditions that govern your use of the respective Social Media Account.
B. HealthKit Data
If you choose to connect your HealthTap and HealthKit accounts, HealthTap will only have access to information from your HealthKit which you select and direct to be shared with HealthTap. Once you've selected which data to share, the information is sent to HealthTap from your HealthKit and incorporated into the medical record maintained by HealthTap on your behalf. The data in your medical record is used solely for the purposes of enabling a medical provider to provide you with health care services when you engage in a telehealth visit. The only party outside of HealthTap that may have access to the HealthKit data is a medical provider from one of HealthTap's partners if you request care from them to enable them to view your medical record. Your HealthKit data will not be shared with any other third parties, (including for any advertising, marketing or data mining purpose), except as such disclosure is required by applicable law. HealthTap may use the data in your medical record to communicate with you, to the extent you agree through this privacy policy and in preferences within the app, and in an aggregated, non-identifiable form for health product development and internal analytics.
C. How We Use the Information We Collect
HealthTap uses the information we collect for the following purposes:
To operate, provide, maintain, improve and enhance our Services;
To personalize your experience on our Services, such as by providing tailored content and recommendations. For example, we use your email address to help you create, log into, and manage your account on our Services. This lets us personalize your experience and give you relevant information. It also powers the features that help you better understand, engage with, and track your health and to present you with personalized, relevant information;
To understand and analyze how you use our Services and to develop new products, services, features, and functionality;
To build a profile about you and make automated decisions based on your information to generate better answers to your health questions and effectively triage your symptoms. This information is not used for marketing;
To connect you with a doctor that suits your needs;
For marketing and advertising purposes, such as developing and providing promotional and advertising materials that may be relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you. We also may use the information that we learn about you to assist us in advertising our Services on third party websites. Where required under applicable law, we will only send you marketing communications with your consent;
To communicate with you via email, text messages, push notifications and phone calls, in order to provide you with updates and other information relating to our Services, provide information that you request, respond to comments and questions, and otherwise provide customer support;
To facilitate transactions and payments;
To facilitate the connection of Social Media Accounts to our Services to provide information from Social Media Accounts to your Profile. Depending on the Social Media Accounts you choose and subject to the privacy settings that you have set in such Social Media Accounts, we will access, make available and store (if applicable and as permitted by the social media service and authorized by you) the information in your Social Media Accounts so that it is available on and through your Profile on the Services;
For our business purposes, such as audits, for quality assurance purposes, to find and prevent fraud, and respond to trust and safety issues that may arise;
For compliance purposes, including enforcing our
Terms of Use
or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency;
For other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time the information is collected;
To aggregate or otherwise de-identify information collected through the Services and use and disclose it for other business purposes after the data can no longer be reasonably linked to an identifiable person; and
To market and advertise products and services, including through inferred interests from interactions with our websites and apps.
If you are located in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), we only process your Personal Information based on a valid legal ground, including when:
Consent.
You have consented to the use of your Personal Information, for example for marketing purposes or to track your online activities via Cookies and similar technologies.
Contract.
We need your Personal Information to provide you with our Services, for example for account registration and management or to respond to your inquiries.
Legal Obligation.
We have a legal obligation to use your Personal Information, for example to comply with tax and accounting obligations, or abide by local, state and Federal laws.
Legitimate Interest.
We or a third party have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information. In particular, we have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for product development and internal analytics purposes, and otherwise to improve the safety, security, and performance of our Services. We only rely on our or a third party's legitimate interests to process your Personal Information when these interests are not overridden by your rights and interests.
D. How We Share the Personal Information We Collect
We may share or otherwise disclose Personal Information in the circumstances described below.
Affiliates.
We may disclose Personal Information to our affiliates or partners to provide the Services or for other purposes for which the information was collected.
Vendors and Service Providers.
We may share Personal Information we receive with vendors and service providers in connection with the provision of the Services.
Our service providers, such as prescription services, may be responsible for providing notices to Members. In the event Personal Information is (a) to be used for a purpose that is materially different from the purposes for which the Personal Information was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or (b) transferred to a third party acting as a data controller, Members will be given, where practical and appropriate, an opportunity to opt out of having non-sensitive Personal Information used or transferred. For sensitive information, including health related information, members will opt in before such use or transfer.
In some instances, HealthTap may retain other service providers to perform functions on our behalf, including, but not limited to, website developers, IT services providers, shipping or direct mail organizations, storage facilities, or entities assisting us in a recruitment process.
Analytics Partners.
We may make certain Personal Information available to third parties for analytics purposes, including: (a) for HealthTap's business or marketing purposes, such as to track sales leads; or (b) to leverage third-party tools to understand Members' interests, habits, and usage patterns, and/or functionality available through our Services. We only share your Personal Information with analytics partners to improve our own service and/or to deliver healthcare to you. We do not sell your Personal Information to advertisers.
As Required by Law and Similar Disclosures.
We may access, preserve, and disclose Personal Information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate, in our sole discretion, to: (a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, such as a court order or subpoena, or otherwise cooperate with law enforcement or governmental agencies; (b) take precautions against liability; (c) protect your, our, or others' rights, property, or safety; (d) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; and (e) protect the security or integrity of our Services and any facilities or equipment used to make our Services available. For the avoidance of doubt, the disclosure of Personal Information may occur if you post any objectionable content on or through the Services.
Member Content.
Our Services are social services in which you can pose questions and find answers to other Members' questions. Your questions will be visible and searchable by other users by default and might be read, collected, and used by others. Please note that our
Terms of Use
do not allow you to include Personal Information (such as your name, email address, or phone number) in any publicly available questions posted to our Services. HealthTap cannot control how such content is seen or used. We are not responsible for the other Members' use of available Personal Information, so you should carefully consider whether and what to post. Please visit the customer service help center at
https://support.healthtap.com
to request removal of Personal Information.
Social Media Services.
Our Services may allow you to, upon your direction, share Personal Information with certain social media services, such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and Google Plus. Please consider any impact on your privacy and anonymity when posting content to any and all social media services. You understand and agree that the use of Personal Information by any social media services will be governed by the respective privacy policies of those social media services and your settings on their platforms. We encourage you to review their privacy policies.
Marketing.
We do not rent, sell, or share Personal Information about you with non affiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes, unless we have your permission.
Virtual Doctor Visits.
We may share Personal Information with HealthTap doctors in order to facilitate your treatment and care. Like an in-person patient-doctor interaction, HealthTap virtual consults are confidential, but not anonymous. When using HealthTap Premium Services, your Profile information, such as your real name and health information, are visible to doctors with whom you see or chat with in a virtual visit. This Profile information is not visible to other Members or to doctors who are not providing care or services in a virtual visit.
By initiating a virtual consult, you consent to sharing your name and the health information in your Profile with doctors who treat you in virtual visits.
Documents and files (including reports and images) uploaded to your Health Files are encrypted in transit and at rest, and are not accessed, processed, shared, or distributed except for the purposes of and in connection with providing the Services to you, as requested by you or your doctor, or as otherwise required by law.
Mergers, Sales, or Other Asset Transfers.
We may disclose and otherwise transfer Personal Information to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our assets.
E. International Transfers of Personal Information
HealthTap may transfer Personal Information for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement to a third party acting as a data controller or as an agent. If we intend to disclose Personal Information to a third party acting as a data controller or as an agent we will comply with, and protect, Personal Information as provided in the Accountability for Onward Transfer Principle (the "Principles"). When providing our Services, we disclose Personal Information as provided in our agreement with Members.
We remain responsible for the processing of Personal Information received under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transferred to a third party acting as an agent if the agent processes such Personal Information in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
By providing any information, including Personal Information, on or to the Services, you acknowledge and consent that your information may be transferred across national borders, including to countries outside the EEA, such as the United States.
If you are located in the EEA or Switzerland, we comply with applicable legal requirements for the transfer of Personal Information to countries outside of the EEA or Switzerland. We may transfer Personal Information to countries for which adequacy decisions have been issued (e.g., Canada), use contractual protections for the transfer of Personal Information, or rely on third parties' Privacy Shield certifications, where applicable. You may contact us as specified below to obtain a copy of the safeguards we use to transfer Personal Information outside of the EEA or Switzerland.
HealthTap complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks, as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Information transferred from the European Union and/or Switzerland, to the United States. HealthTap has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Statement and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov/
, and to view our certification,
click here
. For more information on our compliance with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks, please see our
Privacy Shield Notice
below.
F. Security
We make commercially reasonable efforts to protect Personal Information by using physical and electronic safeguards designed to protect the integrity and security of the Personal Information we maintain. We also use certain physical, organizational, and technical safeguards designed to comply with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ("HIPAA") security standards for interactions subject to HIPAA security regulations. HealthTap takes commercially reasonable precautions, considering the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the Personal Information, designed to protect Personal Information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, as no electronic transmission or storage of Personal Information can be entirely secure, we can make no guarantees as to the security or privacy of Personal Information.
G. Information Retention
We take measures to retain your Personal Information for a period that is no longer than necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. When determining the retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of Services provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, the impact on the Services we provide to you if we delete some Personal Information from or about you, and mandatory retention periods provided by law and the relevant statute of limitations.
H. Your Choices and Rights
Sharing Preferences.
We provide you with settings to allow you to set your sharing preferences for content you post to our Services.
Optional Profile Information.
You can add, edit, or delete optional Personal Information appearing in your Profile at any time in your account settings under edit profile link.
Required Account Information.
Certain Personal Information is required for account functionality and can be edited but not deleted. For example, you can edit, but not remove, the email address and password required for login.
Health Records.
You can amend your health information and can add information to your Consult Summaries to make your information more accurate or complete. Accordingly, if you would like to request access to, or to limit the use or disclosure of Personal Information, please contact the doctor to which you provided the Personal Information in connection with our Services. If you contact us with the name of the doctor to which you provided Personal Information, we will refer your request to that doctor and support them in responding to your request.
Public Content.
You can request the removal of Public Content by visiting the customer service help center at
https://support.healthtap.com
.
I. Marketing Communications.
You can unsubscribe from our marketing communications, such as announcements of new features or special offers, via the link provided in the promotional emails. HealthTap will never share your email address or other contact information to third parties for their own marketing purposes without your explicit permission. Even if you opt out of receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us.
J. Notifications.
We will ask you if you want to receive notifications when you open an account with HealthTap. If you agree, HealthTap may send you email, SMS, or mobile push notices, providing you with account-related reminders or updates, or letting you know that you have a message on our Services. You may opt out at any time by adjusting your notification settings in the settings page.
K. Do Not Track.
There is no accepted standard on how to respond to Do Not Track signals, and we do not respond to such signals.
L. Deactivating Your Account.
To deactivate your account, sign in, go to the settings page, and choose the deactivate your account option. You will receive an email confirming that your account has been deactivated. Your public questions that have received answers will continue to appear anonymously on our Services even if you deactivate your account.
M. European Privacy Rights.
If you are located in the EEA or Switzerland, you are entitled to reach out to us via the contact details in this Privacy Statement and ask us for an overview of your Personal Information or ask for a copy of such Personal Information. In addition, you may request us to update and correct inaccuracies, delete your Personal Information, restrict our processing of your Personal Information, or exercise your right to data portability, and to transfer your Personal Information to another company. In some cases, you may object to the processing of your Personal Information and, where we have asked you for your consent to process your Personal Information, you can withdraw it at any time. We will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent was withdrawn. We always enjoy hearing from you and appreciate your business. Should you nonetheless have unresolved concerns, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority of your residence, place of work or where the incident took place.
N. Children
Our Services are not intended for or directed to children under
18
years of age, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, then you may alert us at data.privacy@healthtap.com. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children under 13, then we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child's account.
O. Google
Our Services use several services provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"), including the services described below.
Google Analytics.
This Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service that uses cookies, which we use for the purpose of understanding how Members use our Services, compiling reports on website activity, and providing other information relating to website activity and internet usage. Google will not associate your IP address with any other information held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, if you delete cookies and/or prevent new ones, you will likely have to reenter preferences and settings every time you visit a website, and some services and functionalities may not work.
You can prevent Google's collection and use of data such as cookies and IP address by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available
here
.
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB
More information about how Google uses advertising cookies can be found
here
.
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html
Google Maps.
We use visual mapping services on the Site and/or our applications, please be aware that the Google Maps/Earth Terms of Service, including the Google Privacy Policy, at
https://www.google.com/intl/en-US_US/help/terms_maps.html
also applies.
Google reCAPTCHA.
We use Google reCAPTCHA on the Site and/or our applications and it is also subject to Google's
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
, which are available for your review.
P. Third Party Sites
Our Services may contain links to third-party sites. When you click on one of these links, you are visiting a website operated by someone other than HealthTap, and the operator of that website may have different privacy policies. HealthTap is not responsible for the individual privacy practices of those sites. Please be aware that this Privacy Statement does not apply to your activities on these third-party sites or any information you disclose to these third parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of third-party sites before providing any information to them.
Q. Contact HealthTap
HealthTap is responsible, or the "data controller", for the processing of your Personal Information processed in connection with the Services. If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our processing activities, please email us at data.privacy@healthtap.com, or via traditional mail to 209 E. Java Dr #61987, Sunnyvale, CA 94088.
You can also use our
Contact Us
page to make requests regarding managing and processing your information.
R. Changes To This Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Statement at any time. We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Statement on this page, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted. If we materially change the ways in which we use or share Personal Information previously collected from you through the Services, we will notify you through the Services, by email, or other communication.
HealthTap HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices
Date last modified: January 8, 2019
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY.
Overview of Our Responsibilities
If you use the HealthTap Premium Services to access virtual, on-demand care provided by doctors, the data generated during this visit may be “protected health information” or “PHI” as defined by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, commonly referred to as “HIPAA”. PHI is information that is created or maintained by certain entities, including health care providers, that relates to (a) your past, present or future physical or mental health or condition, (b) the provision of health care to you, or (c) the past, present, or future payment for the provision of healthcare to you, and that identifies you, or reasonably could be used to identify you.
The health care providers who are part of HealthTap (“HealthTap Providers”) are required by law to maintain the privacy and security of your PHI and provide you with this Notice of Privacy Practices (the “Notice”), which describe its duties and your rights with respect to your PHI. We will not use or share your PHI other than as described here unless you tell us we can in writing. Let us know if you change your mind. We will let you know promptly if a breach occurs that may have compromised the privacy or security of your PHI.
The HealthTap Providers will abide by this Notice while it is in effect and reserve the right to change the terms of the Notice at any time. The changes will apply to any PHI maintained by HealthTap Providers, including PHI created or received by HealthTap Providers when the prior Notice was in effect. The new Notice will be posted on HealthTap's website, available on the HealthTap App, and a copy will be made available to you upon request.
For more information see:
https://www.hhs.gov/hipaa/for-individuals/notice-privacy-practices/index.html
How May HealthTap Providers Use and Disclose My Protected Health Information?
1.
Treatment, Payment and Operations.
HealthTap Providers may use and disclosure your PHI for treatment, payment and operations purposes as permitted by HIPAA. The following are examples of permitted treatment, payment and operations purposes, but not a complete list of all permitted purposes:
Treatment
: HealthTap Providers may disclose your PHI to another health care provider for the purpose of obtaining prior medical records, consulting regarding your health care, treating you during a visit, or attending to your follow-up care.
Payment
: HealthTap Providers may use and disclose your PHI to your health insurer or health plan in order to process payment of claims or other charges related to providing health care to you through the Services.
Health care Operations
: HealthTap Providers may use and disclosure your PHI in order to carry out certain health care operations, including but not limited to quality review assessments and improvement activities, developing clinical guidelines, case management and care coordination, and evaluating practitioner and provider performance.
Note that HealthTap may carry out these health care operational activities on its own, or in certain circumstances, may retain a third party to help them carry out certain functions if those third parties (called “business associates”) also agree to be bound by HIPAA through written agreement.
2.
Pursuant to an Authorization.
HealthTap Providers may use and disclosure your PHI if you provide written authorization that complies with the requirements under HIPAA, but only to the extent permitted by such authorization. You can revoke your authorization at any time in writing.
3.
As required by law.
HealthTap Providers may use and disclosure your PHI to the extent required to comply with federal or state law.
Are There Other Circumstances in Addition to the Above in Which HealthTap Providers May Use and Disclose My PHI?
Yes. HealthTap Providers are allowed or required to share your information in other ways – usually in ways that contribute to the public good, such as public health and research. We have to meet many conditions in the law before we can share your information for these purposes. For more information see:
https://www.hhs.gov/hipaa/for-individuals/notice-privacy-practices/index.html
Help with public health and safety issues
: HealthTap Providers can share information about you for certain situations such as:
Preventing disease
Helping with product recalls
Reporting adverse reactions to medications
Reporting suspected abuse, neglect or domestic violence
Preventing or reducing a serious threat to anyone's health or safety
Do Research
: We can use or share your information in certain ways for health research.
Respond to organ and tissue donation requests
: We can share health information about you with organ procurement organizations.
Note that unlike some other health care providers, HealthTap Providers do not currently create the following types of PHI: (a) create or manage a hospital directory, or (b) create or maintain psychotherapy notes.
Also, if certain state laws are more restrictive than HIPAA as to what health information can be shared without first obtaining your consent, we will always follow those laws. For example, some states would not allow us to disclose substance abuse treatment records or HIV status without your written permission, even for a purpose permitted under HIPAA. In these cases, we will follow the more restrictive rule that applies to the HealthTap Providers and your health information in that situation.
Finally, HealthTap Providers will never use or share your information without first obtaining your written permission for a marketing purposes (unless permitted by HIPAA) or to sell your information.
What Are My Rights When It Comes to My PHI?
When it comes to your PHI, you have certain rights.
This section explains your rights and some of our responsibilities to help you access those rights.
Get an electronic or paper copy of your medical record or direct us to share it with others
You can ask to see or get an electronic or paper copy of your medical record and other health information we have about you. Ask us how to do this.
We will provide a copy or a summary of your health information, usually within 30 days of your request. We may charge a reasonable, cost-based fee.
You can also direct us to share your medical record or portions of it with your family, close friends or others involved in your care
Ask us to correct your medical record
You can ask us to correct health information about you that you think is incorrect or incomplete. Ask us how to do this.
We may say "no" to your request, but we'll tell you why in writing within 60 days.
Request confidential communications
You can ask us to contact you in a specific way (for example, home or office phone) or to send mail to a different address
We will say “yes” to all reasonable requests.
Ask us to limit what we use or share
You can ask us not to use or share certain health information for treatment, payment, or our operations.
We are not required to agree to your request, and we may say “no” if it would affect your care.
If you pay for a service or health care item out of-pocket in full, you can ask us not to share that information for the purpose of payment or our operations with your health insurer.
We are not required to agree to your request, and we may say “no” if it would affect your care.
Get a list of those with whom we've shared information
You can ask for a list (accounting) of the times we've shared your health information for six years prior to the date you ask, who we shared it with, and why.
You can ask for a list (accounting) of the times we've shared your health information for six years prior to the date you ask, who we shared it with, and why.We will include all the disclosures except for those about treatment, payment, and health care operations, and certain other disclosures (such as any you asked us to make). We'll provide one accounting a year for free but will charge a reasonable, cost-based fee if you ask for another one within 12 months.
Get a copy of this Notice
You can ask for a paper copy of this notice at any time, even if you have agreed to receive the notice electronically. We will provide you with a paper copy promptly.
Choose someone to act for your
If you have given someone medical power of attorney or if someone is your legal guardian, that person can exercise your rights and make choices about your health information
File a complaint if you feel your rights have been violated
You can complain if you feel we have violated your rights by contacting us using the information provided at the end of this Notice.
You can file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights by sending a letter to 200 Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20201, calling 1-877-696- 6775, or visiting
https://www.hhs.gov/hipaa/filing-a-complaint/what-to-expect/index.html
We will not retaliate against you for filing a complaint.
Who Do I Contact at HealthTap For a Reason Related to This Notice?
You can contact HealthTap in writing at the following address for a reason related to this Notice, such as:
To get a copy of this Notice
As for a copy of your medical record
Ask for a correction to be made to your medical record
File a complaint
Appoint a representative
Exercise any of your other rights listed above
Please write to the HealthTap contact for any of these issues:
data.privacy@healthtap.com
HealthTap, Inc.
209 E. Java Dr #61987
Sunnyvale, CA 94088
Privacy Shield Notice
INTRODUCTION
HealthTap, Inc. and its affiliates (collectively, "HealthTap", "we, "our" or "us") respect your privacy. This Privacy Shield notice ("Privacy Shield Notice") describes our standards and procedures for handling Personal Information transferred from the European Economic Area ("EEA") and Switzerland to the U.S. in accordance with HealthTap's obligations under the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks.
HealthTap has subscribed to and will adhere to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks by adopting and implementing the Privacy Shield Principles (the "Principles"). More information about the Privacy Shield can be found at www.privacyshield.gov. Our Privacy Shield certification can be found at www.privacyshield.gov/list.
For the purpose of this Privacy Shield Notice, "Personal Information" means any data relating to an identified or identifiable individual (our "members", "you", or "your"), including, for example, name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, as well as healthcare information; and "processing" means any operation performed on Personal Information, such as, for example, collection, use, management, virtual consults or disclosure. This Privacy Shield Notice supplements our HealthTap Privacy Statement. Unless specifically defined in this Notice, the terms in this Privacy Shield Notice have the same meaning as in our Privacy Statement. In case of conflict between this Privacy Shield Notice and the Principles, the Principles will govern.
We obtain and process Personal Information from the EEA and Switzerland in different capacities:
As a data controller, we collect and process EEA and Swiss Personal Information directly from members, either via our publicly available websites, including www.HealthTap.com, our mobile device application or in connection with our customer, partner, and vendor relationships.
As an agent (as that term is used in the Principles), we obtain and process EEA and Swiss Personal Information on behalf of and under the instructions of our members in connection with healthcare services HealthTap provides, such as Personal Information stored by members using our Doctor A.I. application. In that context, members are the data controllers or agents and the roles and responsibilities of the parties for the processing of Personal Information are defined in our agreements with members.
HealthTap commits to comply with the Principles with respect to all Personal Information received from the EEA and Switzerland in reliance on the Privacy Shield.
PRIVACY SHIELD PRINCIPLES
Notice
HealthTap's Privacy Statement, in combination with this Privacy Shield Notice, describes our privacy practices with respect to Personal Information received from the EEA and Switzerland in reliance on the Privacy Shield.
Choice
When providing our Services, our members choose the types of Personal Information we process and the purposes of the processing. Accordingly, our affiliated service partners, e.g.- prescription services, are sometimes responsible for providing notice to members. In the event Personal Information is (i) to be used for a purpose that is materially different from the purposes for which the Personal Information was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or (ii) transferred to a third party acting as a data controller, members will be given, where practical and appropriate, an opportunity to opt out of having their Personal Information so used or transferred where it involves non-sensitive information. Where such use or transfer involves sensitive information, members must opt in before such use or transfer.
Accountability for Onward Transfer of Personal Information
HealthTap may transfer Personal Information for the purposes described in the HealthTap Privacy Statement to a third party acting as a data controller or as an agent. If we intend to disclose Personal Data to a third party acting as a data controller or as an agent we will comply with, and protect, Personal Information as provided in the Accountability for Onward Transfer Principle. When providing our Services, we disclose Personal Information as provided in our agreement with members.
We remain responsible for the processing of Personal Information received under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transferred to a third party acting as an agent if the agent processes such Personal Information in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Security
HealthTap takes reasonable and appropriate precautions, considering the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the Personal Information, to help protect Personal Information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation
Any Personal Information we receive may be used by HealthTap for the purposes indicated in our HealthTap Privacy Statement or as otherwise notified to you. We will not process Personal Information in a way that is incompatible with these purposes unless subsequently authorized by you.
We take reasonable steps to limit the collection and usage of Personal Information to that which is relevant for the purposes for which it was collected, and to ensure that such Personal Information is reliable, accurate, complete and current. Members are encouraged to keep their Personal Information with HealthTap up to date and may contact HealthTap as indicated below or in the HealthTap Privacy Statement to request that their Personal Information be updated or corrected.
We will retain your Personal Information in an identifiable form only for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in the HealthTap Privacy Statement, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law or by the Principles. We will adhere to the Principles for as long as we retain the Personal Information collected under the Privacy Shield.
When providing our Services, we process and retain Personal Information as necessary to provide our services as permitted in our agreement with members, or as required or permitted under applicable law.
Access
Members have reasonable access to their Personal Information via their application account and may request corrections, deletions, or additions where the Personal Information is inaccurate or has been processed in violation of the Principles. We may limit or deny access to Personal Information where providing such access is unreasonably burdensome or expensive under the circumstances, or as otherwise permitted by the Principles. You may request access to your Personal Information by contacting us as described below and through the Help & Support communication features in the application.
When providing our Services, we only process and disclose the Personal Information as specified in our agreements with members. Our customer controls how Personal Information is disclosed to us and processed, and how it can be modified. Accordingly, if you want to request access, or to limit use or disclosure of your Personal Information, please contact the company to which you submitted your Personal Information and that uses our Services. If you contact us with the name of our customer to which you provided your Personal Information, we will refer your request to that customer and support them in responding to your request.
Recourse, Enforcement and Liability
HealthTap has established procedures to periodically verify implementation of and compliance with the Principles. HealthTap conducts an annual self-assessment of its practices regarding Personal Information intended to verify that the assertions HealthTap makes about its practices are true and that such practices have been implemented as represented.
Please refer to HealthTap's Terms of Use for a complete description of Indemnification & Exclusions, Limitations and Liability.
HealthTap is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission ("FTC"). In certain situations, HealthTap may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Individuals may file a complaint with our U.S. Privacy Office at data.privacy@healthtap.com, if they have any complaints with HealthTap's processing of their personal data under the Privacy Shield Program. If the dispute is unable to be resolved through HealthTap's internal processes, HealthTap offers a variety of options for the individual to resolve their dispute. If the dispute involves data collected in the context of an EU resident's employment relationship, we will cooperate with competent EU or Swiss data protection or labor authorities and comply with the advice of such authorities. If those authorities determine that we did not comply with this Privacy Shield Notice, we will take appropriate steps to address any adverse effects and to promote future compliance. If the dispute involves other types of data, individuals may file a claim with Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services (JAMS) here. Under certain circumstances, an individual may invoke binding arbitration. Please see the Privacy Shield website for more information on conditions giving rise to binding arbitration.
Amendment
This Privacy Shield Notice may be amended consistent with the requirements of the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks. When we update this Privacy Shield Notice, we will also revise the "Last Updated" date at the bottom of this document.
Contact Us for Questions or Complaints
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints regarding our privacy practices, or if you'd like to exercise your choices or rights, you can contact us:
By email to: data.privacy@healthtap.com
By writing to us at: HealthTap, Inc., Attn: Compliance, 209 E. Java Dr #61987, Sunnyvale, CA 94088
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - European Representative
Pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR),HealthTap Inc. has appointed European Data Protection Office (EDPO) as its GDPR representative in the EU. You can contact EDPO regarding matters pertaining to the GDPR by:
Sending an email to data.privacy@edpo.brussels
Using EDPO's online request form at
https://www.edpo.brussels/contact
Writing to: EDPO, Avenue Huart Hamoir 71, 1030 Brussels, Belgium
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.privacyshield.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://www.hhs.gov/hipaa/for-individuals/notice-privacy-practices/index.html:
Skip to main content
Official websites use .gov
A
.gov
website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A
lock
(
Lock
A locked padlock
) or
https://
means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
HHS Search (hipaa)
Search
About HHS
Programs & Services
Grants & Contracts
Laws & Regulations
Radical Transparency
Health Information Privacy
HIPAA for Individuals
Filing a Complaint
HIPAA for Professionals
Newsroom
Breadcrumb
HHS
HIPAA Home
HIPAA for Individuals
Notice of Privacy Practices
Navigate to:
HIPAA for Individuals
HIPAA & Reproductive Health
Mental Health & Substance Use Disorders
Your Rights Under HIPAA
Your Medical Records
Employers and Health Information in the Workplace
Personal Representatives
Family Members and Friends
Court Orders and Subpoenas
Notice of Privacy Practices
Right to Access
HIV and HIPAA
FAQs
Notice of Privacy Practices
YouTube embedded video: HHS OCR - Explaining the Notice of Privacy Practices
What is the HIPAA notice I receive from my doctor and health plan?
Your health care provider and health plan must give you a notice that tells you how they may use and share your health information. It must also include your health privacy rights. In most cases, you should receive the notice on your first visit to a provider or in the mail from your health plan. You can also ask for a copy at any time.
Why do I have to sign a form?
The law requires your doctor, hospital, or other health care provider to ask you to state in writing that you received the notice.
The law does not require you to sign the “acknowledgement of receipt of the notice.”
Signing does not mean that you have agreed to any special uses or disclosures (sharing) of your health records.
Refusing to sign the acknowledgement does not prevent a provider or plan from using or disclosing health information as HIPAA permits.
If you refuse to sign the acknowledgement, the provider must keep a record of this fact.
What is in the Notice?
The notice must describe:
How the Privacy Rule allows provider to use and disclose protected health information. It must also explain that your permission (authorization) is necessary before your health records are shared for any other reason
The organization’s duties to protect health information privacy
Your privacy rights, including the right to complain to HHS and to the organization if you believe your privacy rights have been violated
How to contact the organization for more information and to make a complaint
When and how can I receive a Notice of Privacy Practices?
You’ll usually receive notice at your first appointment. In an emergency, you should receive notice as soon as possible after the emergency.
The notice must also be posted in a clear and easy to find location where patients are able to see it, and a copy must be provided to anyone who asks for one.
If an organization has a website, it must post the notice there.
A health plan must give its notice to you at enrollment. It must also send a reminder at least once every three years that you can ask for the notice at any time.
A health plan can give the notice to the “named insured” (subscriber for coverage). It does not also have to give separate notices to spouses and dependents.
Content created by Office for Civil Rights (OCR)
Content last reviewed
November 2, 2020
Disclaimer Policy: Links with this icon (
) mean that you are leaving the HHS website.
The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) cannot guarantee the accuracy of a non-federal website.
Linking to a non-federal website does not mean that HHS or its employees endorse the sponsors, information, or products presented on the website. HHS links outside of itself to provide you with further information.
You will be bound by the destination website's privacy policy and/or terms of service when you follow the link.
HHS is not responsible for Section 508 compliance (accessibility) on private websites.
For more information on HHS's web notification policies, see
Website Disclaimers
.