Our Guide to Barcelona.
Say hello to our supplements!
Creamy Vegan Pesto Pasta & Cauliflower.
Our Guide to Stockholm.
The Ultimate Movie Night Snack Platter.
Our Guide to Barcelona.
Say hello to our supplements!
NEW recipes
Sweet Potato, Aubergine & Tahini Salad
Here is a salad we made for my sister's birthday. It's packed with flavor and perfectly combines crunchy (lettuce, nuts, cucumber) with creamy (tahini and roasted vegetables). A salad that is more than a salad.
Soba Salad with Miso and Ginger Aubergine + Broccoli
Here is a great weeknight dinner that comes together on the stove in just under 20 minutes. Soft, sticky and flavor-packed aubergine meets crunchy broccoli and earthy noodles. Heaven in a bowl.
Winter Holiday Saffron & Millet Salad
This saffron and cinnamon studded grain salad with roasted roots, herbs, pomegranates and nuts is perfect for the holidays + Christmas Recipe Roundup!
Aran’s Double Chocolate & Buckwheat Cookies
These cookies from Aran Goyoaga new cookbook are naturally gluten-free with a delicious hint of fennel. We also made them vegan. Try the cookies and read our conversation with Aran.
Sweet Potato Shakshuka
This is an untraditional but delicious take on Shakshuka with a sweet potato base and crunchy roasted sweet potato skin on top. The recipe is from the new book Shelf Love from Ottolenghi Test Kitchen.
Vegan Oyster Mushroom Caesar Salad
The star of this Vegan Caesar Salad is the oyster mushrooms that we sear using a special pressing method that makes it umami-rich and crunchy on the outside while juicy and flavor-packed inside.
Summer Love Letter + Zucchini Soup
This is a love letter to Swedish summer – to walking barefoot, swimming in lakes, eating strawberries every day, making potato sandwiches and cooking a delicious zucchini soup with lots of toppings.
Lemon, Polenta & Ricotta Cake
We just created the perfect combination of an Italian cheesecake and a soft crumb almond cake. With creamy ricotta, a hint of polenta and an upside-down lemon surprise. It's a real treat!
Orange, Date & Avocado Salad + Big Love April
Here is a stunning but simple citrus and avocado salad to bid farewell to winter. And a Big Love list with links to things we like.
The Creamiest Greenest One-Pot Pasta
Everybody loves a quick and comforting pasta recipe. Here is how to make the creamiest kale pasta you've ever tried. You only 15 minutes, a few ingredients, a sauce pan and a blender!
Load More
Fail to load posts. Try to refresh page.
Sweet Potato, Aubergine & Tahini Salad
Here is a salad we made for my sister's birthday. It's packed with flavor and perfectly combines cru...
Soba Salad with Miso and Ginger Aubergine + Broccoli
Here is a great weeknight dinner that comes together on the stove in just under 20 minutes. Soft, st...
Winter Holiday Saffron & Millet Salad
This saffron and cinnamon studded grain salad with roasted roots, herbs, pomegranates and nuts is pe...
Aran’s Double Chocolate & Buckwheat Cookies
These cookies from Aran Goyoaga new cookbook are naturally gluten-free with a delicious hint of fenn...
Welcome to our website!
Home to all our recipes, videos and books.
What's new
Hello and welcome.
We started Green Kitchen Stories back in 2009! — and the site has basically not changed at all since the very beginning. But after years of talking about a redesign, we finally got it done. This is Green Kitchen Stories 2.0 and we are really happy with how it has turned out.
There is a new and totally improved
recipe archive
where you can see preview images of all the recipes and scroll or filter the categories.  A
Life & Travel
section where we have gathered some of our travel guides and photos and posts about the kids. A much improved
book section
and a new video section. We will also be adding a shop later on that we are very excited about!
Hope you will enjoy the new site!
Big love!
LATEST VIDEOS
A Healthier Movie Night Snack Platter
You are trying to eat a little healthier after Christmas but still want something good to snack on in front of a movie this weekend, right?
Swedish Christmas Breakfast with Pom & Flora
In this episode we visit our friends Anna & Rasmus that run the popular Stockholm cafés Pom & Flora and prepare a Christmas inspired breakfast together.
Foraging Mushrooms
This is the second episode in our new mini series where we travel around Sweden, explore local ingredients and traditions and cook with friends.
OUR NEW BOOK!
Green Kitchen Quick + Slow
This book captures the two different cooking situations we often find ourselves in throughout a week.
We’ve got recipes for the little moments – The QUICK. The easy before-work-breakfasts, the simple but special lunch you make for yourself, the weekday dinner when you don’t want to spend the whole day in the kitchen but still want to eat something delicious. An easy soba and tofu salad, a blitz-roasted tomato and harissa pasta served over yogurt, or a speedy lentil and feta bake. Quick, hands-off, low effort – big flavor!
But we also cover the special moments – The SLOW. When cooking becomes the best part of the day. When you put on your favorite music and focus on making homemade kimchi burgers, mandolin fennel thinly for a crunchy slaw, cook a 4 hour vegetable ragu, pick up that special cheese, or place potatoes in salt brine on Sunday because you want to serve fermented fries the next week. Food you cook when you have friends coming over or when you just want an excuse to have a joyful moment. 
We hope it can be a reminder to balance the quick and slow in the kitchen. And in life. A cookbook, but also a conversation about how food can be our best therapy, friend and the ultimate joy.
You can read more about the book
here
.
ORDER IT HERE
GREEN KITCHEN FAVORITES
Green Pancakes — Three Ways
We love green pancakes (aka spinach crêpes) in our family and are constantly exploring more ways to incorporate them into various meals.
Vegetable Flatbreads
These colorful flatbreads are quick to make, have only 3 ingredients (well kind of, if you are not counting salt or pepper) with the main one...
Spinach & Quinoa Patties
We make these tasty patties using leftover cooked quinoa.  They are great in a burger bun, but most of the time we add them to bowls...
Turmeric Breakfast Muffins
We have had an unusually intense relationship with these muffins for the past couple of months. Different varieties of them have been...
KIDS
15 Tips for Traveling with young kids.
We wrote this guide after having traveled six months in the US and Asia together with our daughter Elsa, who only was six months when we  boarded our first plane. Since then, we have explored South Africa, Morocco, Australia, New Zealand and Sri Lanka with our other kids and have learned a few tricks how to keep them happy, calm and safe.
SEE POST
Join the fun!
Stay up to date with our latest, recipes, videos and other news by joining our newsletter.
We respect your privacy and we won't spam you.
Subscribe