DIRECTORY
Contacts
Cookie Statement
Copyrights
End User Product Agreements
Environmental and Regulatory
Export Control
Global Patents
Job Applicant Privacy Notice
Privacy Statement
Professional Services Agreements
Purchase Order Terms and Conditions
Section 508
Service Level Agreements
SonicWall and GDPR
Sub-Processor List
Supplier Code of Conduct
Terms of Use
Third-Party Licenses
Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement is applicable to the SonicWall.com website (“this Website,” “we”, “our” or “us”) and our products and services. If you live in the European Economic Area, the controller responsible for your information is SonicWall International DAC, an Irish registered company who can be contacted at City Gate, Mahon, Cork and if you live anywhere else, the company responsible for your information is SonicWall, Inc. which is headquartered in California. This Privacy Statement does not apply to the websites of our Business Partners or to the websites of any other third parties, even if links to their websites are on our website. We recommend that you review the privacy statements of the other parties with which you interact.
This Privacy Statement governs information we collect from you when you use our products and services or this Website.
For purposes of this Privacy Statement, “Business Partners” means subcontractors, vendors or other entities with whom we have ongoing business relationships to provide products, services or information, as well as our distributors and resellers. “Personal Information” means information relating to individuals who can be identified or who are identifiable, directly from the information in question, such as your name, telephone number, address and email address; or who can be indirectly identified from that information in combination with other information.
Quick links
We recommend that you read this Privacy Statement in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Privacy Statement, then you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information you may provide us
Information we collect automatically
Information we collect from third parties
HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Legal basis for processing Personal Information (EEA visitors only)
DISCLOSING PERSONAL INFORMATION
JOB APPLICANT PRIVACY NOTICE
SELECTING YOUR COMMUNICATIONS PREFERENCES AND OPTING OUT OF MARKETING
COLLECTION AND USE OF CHILDREN’S PERSONAL INFORMATION
COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS
How We Secure Personal Information
Social Media Features
Public Forums
Links to Third-Party Websites and Services
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
Effective Date and Notification of Changes to our Privacy Statement
Contact Us
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information you may provide us
We may ask you to provide Personal Information when you:
Use this Website;
Register our products or services or for an account;
Use our products or services as specified in our documentation;
Download software or update;
Contact Us, including for sales or technical support;
Participate in a marketing/sales promotion or an online survey;
Subscribe to our newsletters, promotional emails or other materials;
Request information about our products, quotes, downloads or white papers;
Apply for credit or financing;
Register or attend a webinar or other event;
Participate in programs we may offer from time to time; or
Participate in a forum or chat room.
Personal Information we collect from you can include your email address, name, address, billing information and telephone number. We may also collect your business or company information, interests, preferences, and geographic location. If you choose to purchase certain products from our Website, we may also collect a taxpayer identification number and credit card information for you or your company. Forms that you choose to complete will indicate whether information requested is mandatory or voluntary.
If you choose to provide us with a third party’s Personal Information (such as the person’s name, email, and phone number), you represent that you have the third party’s permission to do so. For example, you might forward marketing material to a friend or send us a job referral.
Information we collect automatically
We may collect information about your visits to this Website, including the pages you view, the links and advertisements you click, search terms you enter, and other actions you take in connection with this Website. We may also collect certain information when you visit this Website or third-party websites, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and language, access times, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) of the website that referred you to our website and to which URL you browse away from our sites if you click on a link on our sites. We may also collect information when you open email messages from us or click on links within those email messages.
Information we collect from third parties
We may combine the information we collect as a result of your interactions with us with information obtained through other sources within our affiliated and subsidiary companies for various reasons including to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with us. We may also supplement the information we collect with information obtained from other sources.
The types of information we collect from third parties include details about individuals and companies. We use this information to maintain and improve the accuracy of the records we hold about you. We also obtain lists from third parties about individuals and companies that may be interested in our products. Such information may include, without limitation, your name, business email address, business address, job title, company name and telephone number.
How We Use Personal Information
We use your Personal Information to:
Deliver products, services, training, support, and other offers or carry out the transactions you have requested;
Send communications to you, such as your transaction status (for example, order confirmations), information about products and services available from our portfolio and from our affiliated and subsidiary companies, event announcements, important product notices including those announcing changes to our terms or policies, information about particular programs in which you have chosen to participate, promotional offers and surveys;
Advertise and market our products and services which may include delivering targeted advertisements on this Website and other sites;
Administer, customize, personalize, analyze and improve our products, services (including the content and advertisements on this Website), technologies, communications and relationship with you;
Enforce our conditions of sale, website terms and/or separate contracts (if applicable) with you;
Prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities;
Protect the security or integrity of this Website, our business, or our products or services; or
Otherwise, as disclosed to you at the point of collection or as required or permitted by law.
Legal basis for processing Personal Information (EEA visitors only)
If you are a visitor from the European Economic Area, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Information described above will depend on the Personal Information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect Personal Information from you only (i) where we need the Personal Information to perform a contract with you, (ii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights, or (iii) where we have your consent to do so. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Information from you or may otherwise need the Personal Information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide Personal Information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Information).
If we collect and use your Personal Information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party). This interest will normally be to support the products you obtained from us and communicating with you as necessary to provide our services to you and for our legitimate commercial interest, for instance, when responding to your queries, improving our platform, undertaking marketing, or for the purposes of detecting or preventing illegal activities. We may have other legitimate interests, and we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the
“Contact Us”
heading below.
Disclosing Personal Information
We may share Personal Information with our affiliated and subsidiary companies, Business Partners, or third party suppliers. We will do this in order to carry out transactions you request, to make our business more responsive to your needs, to provide you with information about our products and services, for research and analysis or for data processing and storage.
We may also disclose Personal Information in connection with legal orders from law enforcement or other government bodies; as required by law or regulation; to protect our rights as well as those of our affiliated and subsidiary companies, our customers, the public, or others; to combat fraud or criminal activity; or with your consent.
In addition, we may share Personal Information with Business Partners that help us or our affiliated and subsidiary companies customize, analyze and/or improve our communications or business relationship with you. Such Business Partners may include payment processors to bill you for services or email service providers to send out emails on our behalf. These communications may include requests relating to our products or services. We will only share Personal Information with Business Partners who share our commitment to protecting your Personal Information. Except as described above, we will not disclose Personal Information to third parties for their own marketing purposes unless you have provided consent.
We may share information with a potential or actual purchaser of all or part of the companies or products comprising our portfolio, including our affiliated and subsidiary companies.
We may anonymize information so that it does not identify you and share that and other non-Personal Information with third parties for any purpose.
Selecting Your Communications Preferences and Opting Out of Marketing
You may change your name and contact information by logging into the appropriate website location and making alterations. You may choose to receive or not receive marketing communications from us by indicating your preferences. If you would prefer not to receive future marketing communications, or wish to change or modify information previously provided or delete inaccuracies, please contact us at
hello@SonicWall.com
. Upon receipt of your request, your information will be updated as soon as possible, but no later than ten (10) days after our receipt of your request. Even if you opt out of receiving marketing communications, we may still communicate with you in connection with security and privacy issues, servicing your account, fulfilling your request, or administering any promotion or any program in which you may have elected to participate. We may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our websites, by sending an email, or otherwise contacting you.
Collection and Use of Children’s Personal Information
We take children’s privacy seriously. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 through this Website. If you are under 13 years of age, please do not submit any Personal Information through this Website without the express consent and participation of a parent or guardian.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “Cookies”) to collect and use personal information about you, including to serve interest-based advertising. For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
How We Secure Personal Information
We are committed to protecting the security of Personal Information. We use a a variety of physical, administrative, and technical safeguards designed to help protect Personal Information from unauthorized access, use and disclosure. When you provide us with sensitive Personal Information (such as financial information) we encrypt that information via SSL. While we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot ensure or guarantee that the Personal Information or private communications you transmit to us will always remain confidential, and you do so at your own risk. If you have any questions regarding security, you can contact us at
webmaster@SonicWall.com
.
Social Media Features
This Website includes social media features, including Facebook “Like” button and Twitter “Follow” button. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on this Website, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on this Website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Public Forums
This Website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your Personal Information from our blog or community forum, contact us at
webmaster@SonicWall.com
. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your Personal Information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Links to Third-Party Websites and Services
This Website may contain links to third-party sites. We cannot control and are not responsible for the privacy practices of such third-party sites. We encourage users to be aware when they leave this Website, and to read the privacy statements of each website they visit. This Privacy Statement applies only to this Website.
International data transfers
Your Personal Information may be transferred to the United States or other countries, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, our Website servers are located in the United States and other countries , and our group companies and third-party service providers and partners operate around the world. This means that when we collect your Personal Information, we may process it in any of these countries.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your Personal Information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Statement. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of Personal Information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect Personal Information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. If you have any questions about our international data transfers or would like to get a copy of our Standard Contractual Clauses, then contact us using the details provided under the
“Contact Us”
heading below.
Data retention
We retain Personal Information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, or to resolve disputes).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Your data protection rights
If you are located in the European Economic Area, you have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your Personal Information, you can do so at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided under the
“Contact Us”
heading below.
In addition, you can object to processing of your Personal Information, ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Information or request portability of your Personal Information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided under the
“Contact Us”
heading below.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your Personal Information on the basis of your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Effective Date and Notification of Changes to our Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement is effective as of March 2021. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Statement at any time. If we materially change this Privacy Statement, we will either notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or post a prominent notice on this Website. Changes are effective as of the date we post them on the Privacy Statement page of this Website. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Statement.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Statement, please contact our Data Privacy Officer at
dataprivacy@sonicwall.com
or via postal mail at SonicWall Inc., 1033 McCarthy Blvd, Milpitas, CA 95035. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us at
webmaster@SonicWall.com
.
Last updated: January 12, 2022