Privacy Policy
Overview
This privacy policy (“Policy”) applies to Spatial Networks, Inc. (“Spatial Networks”, “we,” “us,” or “our,”), which proudly develops the Fulcrum platform, and the information that we collect from or about our users (“you,” or “your,”) through our platform, website (
https://www.fulcrumapp.com/
), applications, services, and/or software (collectively, the “Service”).
By indicating your acceptance of this Policy, you hereby accept the terms contained herein.
Purpose and effect
Your use of the Service is voluntary. We must obtain personal information about you in order to provide you with certain features of the Service. By using the Service or requesting that we provide the Service to you, you are agreeing to disclose certain of your personal information to us and you are authorizing us to use and disclose your personal information pursuant to the provisions of this Policy.
Your personal information
We collect personal and other information from you directly when you provide it to us through the Service. We also collect personal and other information that our customers process through our Service. We further automatically collect certain information about you and your computer, smartphone, or other device when you use, access, or interact with the Service. We may also collect information from third parties in relation to providing you the Service.
Spatial Networks acts as a data processor or a service provider to its customers (who are, in turn, data controllers) for the majority of the personal information that it processes through the Service. Accordingly, for personal information that it processes in this processor or service provider capacity, Spatial Networks complies with relevant legal requirements imposed on data processors or service providers.
If you are a customer, prior to your use of the Service, we may request certain personal information about yourself, including, but not limited to, your: (i) first name and last name; (ii) email address; (iii) mailing address; (iv) telephone number(s); (v) organization information; and (vi) credit card information. Such information is considered “personal information,” which means information that can directly or indirectly identify you as a natural person. There are two types of personal information we may collect, including “regular data” and “special categories of personal data.” Regular data may include your name, address, email address, photo, IP address, geographical location data, online behavior (cookies), and profiling and analytics data. Special categories of personal data would include race, religion, political opinions, trade union membership, sexual orientation, health information, biometric data, and genetic data. Not all such personal data is collected by us.
Additional information, which may not identify you (as described below) and other personal information may include: browser type and version, operating system, information about your visits to and use of the Service including the referral source, length of visit, page views, and website navigation paths; email address, profile information that you voluntarily provide to us, including, for example, profile pictures, gender, birthday, relationship status, interests and hobbies, educational details, employment details, and credit card information. Information may also include your click history, the times and dates at which you access the Service, the particular portions of the Service you use, and the details of transactions you conduct using the Service.
We use cookies in the Service. For more information about our use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
. In addition, the Service or the emails that you receive from us may use an application known as a “web beacon” (also known as a “clear gif” or “web bug”). A web beacon is an electronic file that usually consists of a single-pixel image. It can be embedded in a web page or in an email to transmit information, which could include personal information. For example, it can allow an email sender to determine whether a user has opened a particular email.
We may partner with certain third parties to collect, analyze, and use the personal and other information described in this section. For example, we may allow third parties to set cookies or use web beacons on the Service or in email communications from us. This information may be used for a variety of purposes, including online interest-based advertising.
How we use your personal information
We use the information that we collect for a variety of purposes. Our legal bases for processing your personal information are: 1) our legitimate interest in running and maintaining our business; 2) performance and fulfillment of our contracts; 3) your consent; and 4) compliance with our legal obligations. In many instances, more than one of these legal bases apply to the processing of your personal information.
Personal information submitted to us through the Service will be used for the purposes specified in this Policy. We may use your personal information for the following:
administering our website, application, and business;
personalizing our website tools and/or databases for you;
enabling your use of the Service;
sending you software or software tools purchased through our app or website;
supplying the Service to you;
sending statements, invoices, and payment reminders to you, and collecting payments from you;
sending you marketing and non-marketing communications;
sending you email notifications that you have specifically requested;
providing third parties with statistical information about our users (but those third parties will not be able to identify any individual user from that information);
providing information to our processors or sub-processors, where appropriate;
dealing with inquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the Service;
keeping our app and website secure and preventing fraud;
serving you advertisements;
verifying compliance with the terms and conditions governing the use of the Service; and
other uses, which may be added hereto.
We may link information gathered through the Service with information that we collect in other contexts. But in that event, we will handle the combined information in a manner consistent with this Policy.
If you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the license you grant to us.
Data security, storage, and retention
Personal information will be stored in the cloud by our processors or sub-processors. Personal information will be stored in a manner that ensures appropriate security, integrity, and confidentiality and secured against unauthorized processing, accidental loss, destruction, or damage. We will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse, or alteration of your personal information. We will store the personal information you provide on our secure servers. However, the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet. You are responsible for keeping the password you use for accessing our app or website confidential.
We retain personal information as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which that information was collected or as required or permitted by law. We do not retain personal information longer than is necessary for us to achieve the purposes for which we collected it.
Data rights
Depending on your jurisdiction, you may have certain rights with regard to your personal information.
For example, you may have the right to request that your personal information be provided to you in a portable manner. Portability means the personal information will be stored in a manner that allows you to obtain and reuse your personal information for your own purpose by transferring it to a different environment. Upon your written request, you will be provided with the ability to access your personal information to verify its accuracy, download it in an easily portable format, or request a copy of your personal information being processed.
You further have the right to object in writing to the processing of your personal information. In such case, the personal information will not be processed, unless we demonstrate compelling and legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights, and freedoms, or we require the data to establish, exercise, or defend legal rights. You further have the right to object to the processing of your personal information for the purpose of direct marketing, including profiling. Where personal information is processed for scientific and historical research purposes or statistical purposes, you have the right to object, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest. If you object to the processing of your personal information, you agree to the termination of your access to the Service in the event that we determine, in our sole discretion, that we are unable to provide the Service due to your objection to the processing of your personal information. This objection right is given free of charge, although we may charge a reasonable fee for repetitive, manifestly unfounded, or excessive requests.
Upon termination of the Service for any reason, and upon your written request, your personal information may be erased. When we erase personal information, we do so in a way that prevents that information from being restored or reconstructed. Additionally, you have the right at any time to demand that inaccurate or incomplete personal information be erased or rectified.
You also have the right to obtain the following information:
confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal information;
information about the purposes of the processing;
information about the categories of data being processed;
information about the categories of recipients with whom the data may be shared;
information about the period for which the data will be stored (or the criteria used to determine that period);
where the personal information was not collected from you, information as to the source of the personal information; and
information about the existence of, and an explanation of the logic involved in, any automated processing that has a significant effect on you.
You may restrict processing of your personal information, meaning the personal information may only be held by us, and may only be used for limited purposes, if the accuracy of the personal information is contested (and only for as long as it takes to verify accuracy), the processing is unlawful and you request restriction (as opposed to exercising the right to erasure), we no longer need the personal information for its original purpose but the personal information is still required by us to establish, exercise, or defend legal rights; or verification of overriding grounds is pending in the context of an erasure request.
You may opt out of receiving marketing emails from us by following the instructions in those emails or by emailing us at
privacy@fulcrumapp.com
.
In addition to the above rights, you may have additional rights under the laws of various US and international jurisdictions. These rights may include:
the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your information;
the right to opt out of targeted advertising;
the right to limit our use of certain automated decision-making processes.
To exercise any of the rights listed above, please contact us via email at
privacy@fulcrumapp.com
. Upon your request for any of the above-referenced information, we will, within one month of receiving your written request, provide such requested information. In the event we fail to meet this deadline, you may complain to the governing Data Protection Authority and may seek a judicial remedy, depending on the jurisdiction. In the event we receive a large number of requests, or complex requests, the time limit may be extended by a maximum of two additional months.
We will not refuse to give effect to your rights unless we cannot identify you through the use of reasonable efforts to verify your identity. Where we have reasonable doubts as to your identity, we may request the provision of additional information to confirm your identity.
Additionally, you may authorize an agent to make a request on your behalf. To designate an agent, please provide a written and signed document by both you and the agent that authorizes the agent to act on your behalf. You may also use a power of attorney. We will still require you to provide information to allow us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information.
If you are a resident of California, please review our
California Privacy Notice
for additional rights that may apply to you.
Disclosing your personal information
We may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors, service providers, subsidiaries, or parent companies as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy. In addition, we may disclose your personal information:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling; and
to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
We may also disclose your personal information for analytics and interest-based advertising purposes:
Analytics
.
We partner with certain third parties to obtain the automatically collected information discussed above and to engage in analysis, auditing, research, and reporting. These third parties may use web logs or web beacons, and they may set and access cookies on your computer or other device. In particular, the Service uses
Google Analytics
to help collect and analyze certain information for the purposes discussed above. You may opt out of the use of cookies by Google Analytics
here
.
Interest-based advertising
.
The Service also enables third-party tracking mechanisms to collect information about you and your computing devices for use in online interest-based advertising. For example, third parties may use the fact that you visited our Service to target online ads to you. In addition, our third-party advertising networks might use information about your use of our Service to help target advertisements based on your online activity in general. For information about interest-based advertising practices, including privacy and confidentiality, visit the
Network Advertising Initiative
website or the
Digital Advertising Alliance
website.
The use of online tracking mechanisms by third parties is subject to those third parties’ privacy policies, and not this Policy. If you prefer to prevent third parties from setting and accessing cookies on your computer or other device, you may set your browser to block cookies. Additionally, you may remove yourself from the targeted advertising of companies within the Network Advertising Initiative by opting out
here
, or of companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance by opting out
here
. Our Service does not currently respond to “do not track” signals.
External links
The Service may contain links to third-party websites. If you use these links, you will leave the Service. We have not reviewed these third-party sites and do not control and are not responsible for any of these sites, their contents, or their privacy policies. Thus, we do not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software, or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third-party sites listed on our website, you do so at your own risk.
International data transfers
The information that we collect through or in connection with the Service is transferred to and processed in the United States for the purposes described above. Spatial Networks may subcontract the processing of your data to, or otherwise share your data with, affiliates or third parties in the United States or countries other than your country of residence. The data protection laws in these countries may be different from, and less stringent than, those in your country of residence. By using the Service or by providing any personal or other information to us, you expressly consent to such transfer and processing.
Privacy Shield
Advisory
: Please note that as of July 16, 2020, Spatial Networks no longer relies on the EU-US or Swiss-US Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland, or the UK to the US. We may continue to rely on alternative data transfer mechanisms deemed appropriate by the relevant authorities to transfer data collected from the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK to the US, such as standard contractual clauses.
Spatial Networks complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States.
Spatial Networks has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles (“Principles”). If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov/
.
In compliance with the Principles, Spatial Networks commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Spatial Networks at:
privacy@fulcrumapp.com
.
Spatial Networks has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in San Francisco, California, United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/about/submit-a-case
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Spatial Networks commits to cooperate with EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and comply with the advice given by such authorities with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU in the context of the employment relationship.
Individuals have the right to access their personal data, which may be stored on Spatial Networks systems.
Except for the entities outlined in this Policy, Spatial Networks does not disclose any personal data provided by our users to any other users or entities. Some personal data is required to operate a Fulcrum account. Users may cancel their account to remove this data. Any personal data collected by users will be removed by Spatial Networks, Inc. upon written request of the user or the data subject.
Spatial Networks, Inc. is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Under certain conditions, a user or data subject may invoke binding arbitration regarding personal data stored by Spatial Networks.
Spatial Networks is required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Spatial Networks remains liable under the Principles if an agent processes personal information covered by this Policy in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, except where Spatial Networks is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Children
Content on the Service is directed at individuals over the age of 18 and is not directed at children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
Changes to this policy
We may make changes to the Service in the future and as a consequence will need to revise this Policy to reflect those changes. We will post all such changes on the Service, so you should review this page periodically. If we make a material change to the Policy, you will be provided with appropriate notice.
Contact
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us at
privacy@fulcrumapp.com
.
Effective date
This policy was last updated on July 7, 2023.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.fulcrumapp.com/california-privacy-notice/:
close
Explore Fulcrum
keyboard_arrow_down
Demo
Fulcrum in Action
keyboard_arrow_down
Demo
Resource Center
keyboard_arrow_down
Demo
Live Webinar - Stay ahead of regulatory changes with FieldTech - March 20 | 2 PM ET
Register today!
Product
Platform
Explore Fulcrum for field data collection and process management
Geospatial Capabilities
Harness rich geospatial  data insights
Integrations
Link tools, technologies, and platforms for enhanced efficiency
AI Field Data
Automate tasks, boost accuracy, and increase productivity
Security and Compliance
Ensure your data’s integrity and safety
Fulcrum Audio FastFill: A First-of-Its-Kind AI Innovation
The industry’s first voice-powered, multi-field AI data collection tool requires no training, improves data quality, and boosts productivity for field teams.
Read press release
Industries
Electric Utilities
Environmental
Telecommunication
Water Utilities
Agriculture
Construction and Engineering
Insurance and Risk Management
Manufacturing
Oil and Gas
State and Local Government
Transportation
Solutions and Services
Services
Tailored solutions and strategic partnerships to optimize field operations
Partners
Building success through  strategic collaborations
Enterprise
Explore robust features designed for large-scale business needs
Help Center
Find answers and troubleshoot  with ease
Developers
Build and integrate seamlessly  with our developer resources
Releases
Discover what’s new in our latest software updates
Fulcrum Academy
Elevate your skills through  targeted courses and tutorials
Resources
Resource Library
Your hub for Fulcrum thought leadership, events, customer success stories, and more
Customer Stories
Be inspired by Fulcrum’s  real-world impacts
Webinars and Events
Engage with thought leaders  and peers
Blog
Get the latest industry trends and thought leadership
Newsroom
Official Fulcrum press releases
App Gallery
Jumpstart your Fulcrum experience with our ready-to-go tools
Monthly newsletter: The Fulcrum Insider
Sign up for our monthly newsletter to stay in the know for all things Fulcrum, field data collection and process management!
Sign up
Pricing
California Privacy Notice
View Spatial Networks California Privacy Notice (PDF)
Overview
Date last updated: July 7, 2023
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act and the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, the “CCPA”) provide you with certain rights regarding your personal information, including the right to know about personal information collected, disclosed, or sold; the right to request that we delete personal information that we have collected from you; the right to update or correct your information; the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information; the right to limit our use of your sensitive personal information; and the right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights. These rights are subject to certain exceptions. You may also visit our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we protect your information.
Any capitalized terms in this California Privacy Notice that are not otherwise defined have the same meaning as they do in the CCPA or in our Privacy Policy. This California Privacy Notice also serves as our “Notice at Collection” under California law.
Spatial Networks, Inc., which proudly develops the Fulcrum platform, acts as a “service provider” under the CCPA (as opposed to a “business”) for the majority of the personal information that it processes through its Service. Accordingly, for personal information that it processes in this service provider capacity, Spatial Networks complies with relevant legal requirements imposed on service providers.
Collection of personal information
If you visit our website (located at
https://www.fulcrumapp.com/
) or use our applications, services, or software (collectively, with the website, the “Service”), we may collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household (“personal information”). We may have collected the following categories of personal information about you over the past 12 months:
Identifiers, such as your name, email address, physical address, and Internet Protocol address.
Categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of California Civil Code Section 1798.80, such as your name, address, telephone number, education, employment history, and credit card information.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as your race, religion, and sexual orientation.
Commercial information, such as the details of transactions you conduct using the Service.
Biometric information.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as your cookies and information about your interactions with the Service.
Geolocation data.
Professional or employment-related information, such as your employment details.
Education information.
Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above.
Sensitive personal information, including:
Racial origin, religious beliefs, and trade union membership.
Genetic data.
Health information.
Sexual orientation.
We collect the personal information listed above from the following sources:
From you directly, when you provide it to us.
From other sources in the course of our business.
Automatically from your browser or from the Service.
Disclosure of personal information
In the last 12 months, we may have disclosed for our business purposes the following categories of personal information subject to the CCPA:
Identifiers, such as your name, email address, physical address, and Internet Protocol address.
Categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of California Civil Code Section 1798.80, such as your name, address, telephone number, education, employment history, and credit card information.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as your race, religion, and sexual orientation.
Commercial information, such as the details of transactions you conduct using the Service.
Biometric information.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as your cookies and information about your interactions with the Service.
Geolocation data.
Professional or employment-related information, such as your employment details.
Education information.
Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above.
Sensitive personal information, including:
Racial origin, religious beliefs, and trade union membership.
Genetic data.
Health information.
Sexual orientation.
We may have disclosed or shared any of the information listed above with:
Third-party service providers supporting the operation of the Service.
Analytics providers, to help analyze the data that we collect.
Our advertising partners.
Other third parties for a legal purpose (such as in response to a court order or to defend against a legal claim).
Other third parties when necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, violations of our terms and conditions, or situations involving threats to our property or the property or physical safety of any person or third party.
Purposes for collection, use, and disclosure
We may collect, use, or disclose your personal information to the entities listed above for the following purposes:
Administering our website, application, and business;
Personalizing our website tools and/or databases for you;
Enabling your use of the Service;
Sending you software or software tools purchased through our app or website;
Supplying the Service to you;
Sending statements, invoices, and payment reminders to you, and collecting payments from you;
Sending you marketing and non-marketing communications;
Sending you email notifications that you have specifically requested;
Providing third parties with statistical information about our users (but those third parties will not be able to identify any individual user from that information);
Providing information to our service providers.
Dealing with inquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the Service;
Keeping our app and website secure and to prevent fraud;
Serving you advertisements; and
Verifying compliance with the terms and conditions governing the use of the Service.
Any other purpose listed in our privacy policy.
Your rights
If we maintain personal information about you that is subject to the CCPA, you may exercise certain rights in connection with this data if you are a California resident.
Right to Know
California residents have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve months (“Right to Know”).  Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
The categories of personal information that we have disclosed for a business or commercial purpose.
Our business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share or disclose that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (i.e., a data portability request).
Right to Delete
California residents have the right to request that we delete the personal information that we collected from you and retain, subject to certain exceptions (“Right to Delete”). Once we receive and verify your request, we will delete (and direct our service providers and contractors to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Right to Correct
California residents have the right to correct or amend the personal information we have on file (“Right to Correct”). You may correct or amend by logging into your account or by contacting us using the information below.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale or Sharing
The CCPA provides California residents with the right to opt-out of the “sale” or “sharing” of their personal information (“Right to Opt Out”). If you wish to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information, you may do through the
Network Advertising Initiative
and
Digital Advertising Alliance
websites. You may also exercise this right by contacting us via email at
privacy@fulcrumapp.com
.
We do not have actual knowledge that we sell or share the personal information of California residents under the age of 16.
Right to Limit the Use of Your Sensitive Personal Information
The CCPA provides California residents with the right to limit the use of their “sensitive personal information” to the purposes outlined in Cal. Code Regs. tit. 11, § 7027(m) of the CCPA regulations.
We do not use your sensitive personal information for any purposes outside of those permitted by § 7027(m).
Right to Nondiscrimination
The CCPA provides California residents with the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of their privacy rights conferred by the CCPA. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
Exercising your rights
If you are a California resident and wish to exercise any of the above rights
,
you may submit a request to us by email at
privacy@fulcrumapp.com
.
When you submit a request, we will confirm your identity by asking you to provide information associated with what we have on file for you, including your name, email address, and other identifying information. We may ask you for additional information to verify your identity or to comply with your request.
Authorized Agent
You may authorize an agent to make a request on your behalf. To designate an agent, please provide a written and signed document by both you and the agent that authorizes the agent to act on your behalf. You may also use a power of attorney. We will still require you to provide information to allow us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information.
Opt-Out Preference Signals
We do not presently have the capability to recognize opt-out preference signals. Once this capability is developed and if you have implemented an opt-out preference signal (sometimes known as a global privacy control) through your browser or device, we will treat that opt-out preference signal as a valid request of your Right to Opt Out. Once we recognize the opt-out preference signal on our Service, we will automatically apply your right to opt-out of sale and sharing to the browser or device through which we recognize the signal. The Service will respond to opt-out preference signals in a frictionless manner (i.e., you will not need to take any additional steps for your opt-out preference signal to be recognized).
To learn more about opt-out preference signals, please visit
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/
.
Data retention
We retain personal information about you necessary to fulfill the purpose for which that information was collected or as required or permitted by law. We do not retain personal information longer than is necessary for us to achieve the purposes for which we collected it.  When we destroy your personal information, we do so in a way that prevents that information from being restored or reconstructed.
Shine the Light Law
In addition to the CCPA, California’s “Shine the Light” law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses’ practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose your personal information for these purposes.
Contact for more information
If you wish to contact us regarding this California Privacy Notice, you may do so by email at
privacy@fulcrumapp.com
.
Cookie Policy
Trust Center
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
GDPR
California Privacy Notice
Data Retention and Disposal Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Esri and the Esri Logo are licensed trademarks of Environmental Systems Research Institute, Inc.
© 2025 Spatial Networks, Inc.
The Fulcrum platform is proudly developed by Spatial Networks, Inc.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.privacyshield.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;