NIKON IMAGE SPACE Privacy Notice
Country/region
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Belarus
Belgium
Bolivia
Bosnia - Herzegovina
Brazil
Bulgaria
Cambodia
Canada
Chile
Chinese Mainland
Colombia
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Egypt
El Salvador
Estonia
Fiji
Finland
France
French Polynesia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Guadeloupe
Guam
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Korea
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Latvia
Lebanon
Lithuania
Luxembourg
North Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Malta
Martinique
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Monaco
Montenegro
Morocco
Myanmar
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saudi Arabia
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Uganda
Ukraine
UAE
United Kingdom
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vietnam
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Privacy Notice (B)
NIKON IMAGE SPACE PRIVACY NOTICE
In this privacy notice we explain how we collect and use your personal data. This privacy notice applies to all personal data we process about you when you use NIKON IMAGE SPACE services, visit our websites, use our customer support or otherwise interact with Nikon.
Nikon respects privacy and acknowledges that processing personal data in a lawful and proper manner is an important social responsibility and declares that it will strive to protect personal data. This privacy notice is part of Nikon’s Group Privacy Protection Statement (
https://www.nikon.com/privacy/privacy_policy.htm
) and applies to all personal data that we process concerning our prospective, current and former customers and suppliers (hereafter “you”), and your usage of NIKON IMAGE SPACE at (
https://www.nikonimagespace.com/
), a service that Nikon Corporation (hereafter “Nikon”) provides. In this privacy notice, we explain which personal data we collect and how we use these data. Therefore, we encourage you to read this notice carefully.
I. Who we are
II. What personal data we collect and what we do with your data
III. How we collect your data
IV. Information sharing
V. Security measures and data retention
VI. International transfers of personal data
VII.  Your rights
VIII. How we look after this notice
IX. Contact details for your privacy inquiries
Who we are
We are Nikon Corporation, Shinagawa Intercity Tower C, 2-15-3, Konan, Minato-ku, Tokyo, 108-6290, Japan. We are part of the Nikon Group and responsible for the collection and use of your personal data described in this privacy notice.
Nikon Group has determined our respective responsibilities for compliance with the obligations under applicable privacy legislation for processing your personal data in relation to our global processing activities by means of an arrangement between us. In summary, we have arranged that if you want to exercise your rights, such as your right to access, correct, erase, restrict, object or port personal data or to withdraw your consent, or if you have any questions about the processing of your personal data, you can contact Nikon Corporation in accordance with Section IX. Contact details for your privacy inquiries, and  Nikon Corporation and other Nikon Group entities will assist each other where necessary to ensure that you can exercise your rights and your questions will be handled.
Back
What personal data we collect and what we do with your data
The “Overview of NIKON IMAGE SPACE Activities” in the Annex outlines the personal data collected, the processing performed, and the purpose of use.
Legal basis
Nikon processes your personal data to provide our services to you, to comply with legal obligations we are subject to or if it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the interests of a third party or on the basis of consent. When we process your personal data for our legitimate interests or the interests of a third party, we will take reasonable measures to prevent unwarranted harm to you. Our legitimate interests are for example, our interest of improving our product and services delivery by storing contact details, reducing our costs, improving our newsletters and websites by analyzing which parts of our communications are most relevant for you. Or of securing our services and systems, such as the purposes mentioned in the Annex. More information on the balancing tests we perform on your and our legitimate interests is available upon request. Where we process your personal data for our legitimate interests or the interests of a third party, you have the right to object at any time on grounds relating to your particular situation (please see Section VII. Your rights below).
You may withdraw your consent at any time in relation to the processing for which you provided your consent in NIKON IMAGE SPACE by adjusting your Membership information setting.
Where we process your personal data for a purpose other than that for which we collected it initially (and we rely on a legal basis other than consent or complying with legal obligations for this new purpose), we will ascertain whether processing for this new purpose is compatible with the purpose for which the personal data were initially collected. More information on this assessment is available upon request (please see Section VII. Your rights below).
Back
How we collect your data
Most of the personal data we process is information that you knowingly provide to us directly or through third parties. However, in some instances, we process personal data that we are able to infer about you based on other information you provide to us or on our interactions with you, or personal data about you that we receive from a group company or a third party with your knowledge (please see Section IV. Information sharing and the Annex below).
If you refuse to provide personal data that we require for the performance of a contract or compliance with a legal obligation, we may not be able to provide all or parts of the services you have requested from us.
Back
Information sharing
Nikon  will process some of your personal data locally. However, as a global organization, many of our business activities can also be carried out (and business efficiencies achieved) by processing or consolidating information about you in specific or centralized databases and systems located at specific secured facilities worldwide. As a result, your information may be shared with other entities within the Nikon Group. However, each Nikon Group company and those other systems and databases will only collect, receive, use, share or otherwise process such personal data in accordance with applicable laws, this privacy notice, our Nikon Group Privacy Protection Statement (
https://www.nikon.com/privacy/privacy_policy.htm
). Moreover, internally we maintain a strict access policy with regard to the processing of personal data. Only a limited group of authorized Nikon staff on a need to know basis will have access to your personal data.
Categories of personal information shared:
Personal details: Nikon ID information, E-mail addresses, users’ country or region, sex, name, year and month of birth, phone number, password, language, time zone, and e-mail settings and preferences
Browsing and service usage behaviors, device information, and information on use of and interaction with the service: IP addresses, cookies, access logs, the type of device (smartphone, computer, or other device) used, the subject lines of e-mail sent from NIKON IMAGE SPACE, the content and destination of messages sent from NIKON IMAGE SPACE, album and album case names, titles, comments, and tags
“Owned product information” *: Cameras, lenses, and flash units owned and their dates of purchase, firmware versions, and serial numbers
Image file data: Image data, Exif information, GNSS logs, and other image file data
Survey responses
Information in these categories is collected only for “Nikon product owners plan” Members, and is not collected from “Basic plan” Members.
Scope of Information sharing:
Subsidiaries and affiliated companies of Nikon Corporation related to the Nikon Group Imaging business  (manufacturing and sales of cameras, etc.) stated in the following site.
https://www.nikon.com/about/corporate/profile/group/index.htm
Purposes:
To verify user identity and implement personal settings in your account;
To communicate with customers such as responding to your inquiries;
To send emails to communicate with customers and to inform customers of service notifications, service and product information, exclusive offers, tips and tricks;
To send emails to share your photos upon your request;
To administrate the operating system to prevent or respond to system failure;
To learn how services can be changed or optimized to improve usability (by, for example, removing seldom-used features or improving frequently-used features or features judged in high demand based on analysis of surveys or browsing and usage behaviors);
To improve camera functions based on analyses of uploaded images’ metadata;
Responsible entity for management of the personal data:
Nikon Corporation
As a rule, we do not share your personal data with anyone outside the Nikon Group. However, we may share your personal data with trusted third parties that perform business functions or provide services to us. All such third parties will be required to adequately safeguard your personal data, subject to agreements that correspond to the requirements of applicable laws. Your personal data may also be shared for investigations (e.g. disclosure to prevent crime or fraud, or to comply with a court order or legislation).
Back
Security measures and data retention
Nikon will secure your personal data in accordance with our IT and security policies so that personal data are protected against unauthorized use, unauthorized access and wrongful modifications, loss or destruction. Your personal data will be stored no longer than is necessary for the purpose they were obtained, or for compliance with legal and fiscal obligations or for solving any disputes. We have outlined the specific data retention periods in the Annex.
Back
International transfers of personal data
Given the global nature of our company, your personal data may be transferred to Nikon entities and trusted third parties in countries or regions outside the European Economic Area whose laws may not afford the same level of protection of your personal data. Where necessary, Nikon will ensure that adequate safeguards are in place to comply with the requirements for the international transfer of personal data under applicable privacy laws. For transfers of personal data outside the European Economic Area, Nikon will use Commission approved mechanisms, such as the Privacy Shield certification, and Standard Contractual Clauses as safeguards, such as the “(EU-)controller to (Non-EU/EEA-)controller” Decision 2004/915//EC (see Article 46 GDPR). If you wish to receive a copy of these safeguards, please contact us through the contact details in Section IX. Contact details for your privacy inquiries below.
Back
Your rights
You can contact us (please see Section IX. Contact details for your privacy inquiries below)to exercise any of the rights you are granted under applicable data protection laws, which includes (1) the right to access your data, (2) to rectify them, (3) to erase them, (4) to restrict the processing of your data, (5) the right to receiving a file of your personal data and (6)  or the right to object to the processing, and where we have asked for your consent, to withdraw this consent. These rights will be limited in some situations. We will, for example, deny your request for access when necessary to protect the rights and freedoms of other individuals or refuse to delete your personal data in case the processing of such data is necessary for compliance with legal obligations. The right to data portability, for example, does not apply in case the personal data was not provided by you or if we process the data not on the basis of your consent or for the performance of a contract. When you would like to exercise your rights, please send your request to the contact details in Section IX. Contact details for your privacy inquiries below. Please note that we may need you to provide additional information to confirm your identity. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Supervisory Authority in EEA.
You can also contact us at if you have any questions, remarks or complaints in relation to this privacy notice.
VII.1. Right to access
You may ask us whether or not we process any of your personal data and, if so, receive access to that data in the form of a copy. When complying with an access request, we will also provide you with additional information, such as the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned as well as any other information necessary for you to exercise the essence of this right.
VII.2. Right to rectification
You have the right to have your data rectified in case of inaccuracy or incompleteness. Upon request, we will correct inaccurate personal data about you and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, complete incomplete personal data, which may include the provision of your supplementary statement.
VII.3. Right to erasure
You also have the right to have your personal data erased, which means the deletion of your data by us and, where possible, any other controller to whom your data has previously been made public by us.  Erasure of your personal data only finds place in certain cases, prescribed by law and listed under article 17 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This includes situations where your personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the initial purposes for which they were processed as well as situations where they were processed unlawfully. Due to the way we maintain certain services, it may take some time before backup copies are erased.
VII.4. Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to obtain the restriction of the processing of your personal data, which means that we suspend the processing of your data for a certain period of time. Circumstances which may give rise to this right include situations where the accuracy of your personal data was contested but some time is needed for us to verify their (in)accuracy. This right does not prevent us from continue storing your personal data. We will inform you before the restriction is lifted.
VII.5. Right to receive your file (data portability)
Your right to data portability entails that you may request us to provide you with your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to have such data transmitted directly to another controller, where technically feasible. Upon request and where this is technically feasible we will transmit your personal data directly to the other controller.
VII.6. Right to object
You also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data, which means you may request us to no longer process your personal data. This only applies in case the ‘legitimate interests’ ground (including profiling) constitutes the legal basis for processing (see par. ‘Legal basis’ above).
At any time you can object to direct marketing purposes in case your personal data are processed for such purposes, which includes profiling purposes to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. In case you exercise this right, we will no longer process your personal data for such purposes.
Back
How we look after this notice
We will update this privacy notice from time to time and notify you of any substantive changes.
Back
Contact details for your privacy inquiries
Nikon Corporation, Imaging business Unit
Shinagawa Intercity Tower C, 2-15-3, Konan, Minato-ku, Tokyo, 108-6290, Japan
To access, rectify, edit, or delete your personal information, please log in using the following URL:
https://www.nikonimagespace.com/
For any other inquiries, please contact us using the form at the following URL:
https://inquiry.nikonimagespace.com/p/en/
Back
Annex: OVERVIEW OF NIKON IMAGE SPACE ACTIVITIES
Administration of NIKON IMAGE SPACE “Nikon product owners plan” Members
Categories of Personal Data
Personal details: Nikon ID information, E-mail addresses, users’ country or region, sex, name, year and month of birth, phone number, password, language, time zone, and e-mail settings and preferences
Browsing and service usage behaviors, device information, and information on use of and interaction with the service: IP addresses, cookies, access logs, the type of device (smartphone, computer, or other device) used, the subject lines of e-mail sent from NIKON IMAGE SPACE, the content and destination of messages sent from NIKON IMAGE SPACE, album and album case names, titles, comments, and tags
“Owned product information” *: Cameras, lenses, and flash units owned and their dates of purchase, firmware versions, and serial numbers
Image file data: Image data, Exif information, GNSS logs, and other image file data
Survey responses
Purposes
To verify user identity and implement personal settings in your account;
To communicate with customers such as responding to your inquiries;
To send emails to communicate with customers and to inform customers of service notifications, service and product information, exclusive offers, tips and tricks;
To send emails to share your photos upon your request;
To administrate the operating system to prevent or respond to system failure;
To learn how services can be changed or optimized to improve usability (by, for example, removing seldom-used features or improving frequently-used features or features judged in high demand based on analysis of surveys or browsing and usage behaviors);
To improve camera functions based on analyses of uploaded images’ metadata;
Recipients
System Vendor, Statistical analysis service vendor, Customer Support
Retention period
Until the account is deleted
Further explanation and source of personal data (if applicable)
Customer registration, System access, User operation (send photo sharing e-mail via NIKON IMAGE SPACE), User operation (organizing/editing), Survey input
Administration of NIKON IMAGE SPACE "Basic plan" members
Categories of Personal Data
Personal details: Nikon ID information, E-mail addresses, users’ country or region, sex, name, year and month of birth, phone number, password, language, time zone, and e-mail settings and preferences
Browsing and service usage behaviors, device information, and information on use of and interaction with the service: IP addresses, cookies, access logs, the type of device (smartphone, computer, or other device) used, the subject lines of e-mail sent from NIKON IMAGE SPACE, the content and destination of messages sent from NIKON IMAGE SPACE, album and album case names, titles, comments, and tags
Image file data: Image data, Exif information, GNSS logs, and other image file data
Survey responses
Purposes
To verify user identity and implement personal settings in your account;
To communicate with customers such as responding to your inquiries;
To send emails to communicate with customers and to inform customers of service notifications, service and product information, exclusive offers, tips and tricks;
To send emails to share your photos upon your request;
To administrate the operating system to prevent or respond to system failure;
To learn how services can be changed or optimized to improve usability (by, for example, removing seldom-used features or improving frequently-used features or features judged in high demand based on analysis of surveys or browsing and usage behaviors);
To improve camera functions based on analyses of uploaded images’ metadata;
Recipients
System Vendor, Statistical analysis service vendor, Customer Support
Retention period
Until the account is deleted
Further explanation and source of personal data (if applicable)
Customer registration, System access, User operation (send photo sharing e-mail via NIKON IMAGE SPACE), User operation (organizing/editing), Questionnaire responses
NIKON IMAGE SPACE Administration for inquiries
Categories of personal data
Personal Details such as Email address, Country/Region, Name;
Device Information and Interactions such as  IP Address, Your inquiry text;
Purposes
To respond to requests or inquires on personal data processing in the service from customers;
To settle the legal claim if a customer has made a complaint or legal claim;
Recipients
System Vendor, Statistical service analysis vendor, Customer Support
Retention period
In principle, 5 years retention after inquiries are closed except for the case that a customer has made a complaint or legal claim and we keep the customer’s personal data for as long as is necessary to settle it.
Further explanation and source of personal data (if applicable)
-
Account operation record management
Categories of personal data
Personal Details such as Email address;
Device Information and Interactions such as your inquiry text;
Purposes
To keep records account deletion facts for evidence;
To settle the legal claim if a customer has made a complaint or legal claim;
Recipients
System Vendor, Customer Support
Retention period
In principle 5 years retention after deleting the account except for the case that a customer has made a complaint or legal claim and we keep the customer’s personal data for as long as is necessary to settle it.
Further explanation and source of personal data (if applicable)
-
Last amended: November 27, 2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.nikon.com/privacy/privacy_policy.htm:
Select your country/region.
You are in our Global Site.
Ireland
Change your location
Go
Close
Nikon Group Privacy Protection Statement
The Nikon Group* respects privacy and acknowledges that processing personal data in a lawful and proper manner is an important social responsibility and declares that it will strive to protect personal data as set out below:
1. Compliance
The Nikon Group shall take measures to comply with the laws and regulations related to personal data protection, and will continue to develop and refine its internal information management systems for personal data protection.
2. Processing of Personal Data
The Nikon Group will process personal data in a fair, transparent and lawful manner. Personal data shall be processed and adequate in accordance with specified and proper purposes or further in accordance with applicable law.
3. Proper Management of Personal Data
The Nikon Group will implement necessary and proper technical and organizational measures to ensure that personal data are secured and protected.
*
Nikon Corporation and its subsidiaries
Back
This website uses cookies to improve your experience by anonymously collecting browsing data. Cookies can be disabled in your browser settings. For further details, please check our
cookie notice
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings
In this website (www.nikon.com), cookies, web beacon
*
, and other similar technologies are used in order to optimize how it is displayed to increase its convenience of use, and to statistically analyze and study page viewership. These identify your device, typically your web browser, but do not identify a particular individual.
*“Web beacon” refers to a small image file embedded in a web page and is a method of sending user access data to another server when viewing a website or HTML mail, for statistical research and analysis of browsing status.
Cookie Notice
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label