Welcome to Hothouse Media
Multi-award-winning specialist media and events company
Hothouse Media was established in 2018 by David Lillywhite and Geoff Love as an independent publishing house focusing on curating content within the classic and prestige car community.
In addition to establishing its own award-winning brands of Magneto, Concours on Savile Row and The Concours Year, Hothouse Media has built a reputation for developing publications, events and content for premium brands within the classic and collector car world.
In 2023, Hothouse Media also acquired the market-leading monthly magazine Octane and the prestigious Historic Motoring Awards.
Portfolio
Hothouse Media’s own brands include quarterly magazine and website Magneto, monthly magazine Octane, annual book The Concours Year and yearly events Concours on Savile Row and Historic Motoring Awards.
Magneto Magazine
See more about the brand
Octane Magazine
See more about the brand
Historic Motoring Awards
See more about the brand
The Concours Year
See more about the brand
Concours on Savile Row
See more about the brand
Services
Brand Consultancy
If you are looking to develop your brand within the classic and collector car market, we can help. We have established a centre of excellence across design, content creation, advertising and sponsorship, and event management. Added to our understanding of the market and the event organisers, personalities, publishers and major influencers, this makes us well placed to help drive your business forward.
Contract Publishing
Whether a one-off publication to support a launch event, an event guide or a monthly magazine with global distribution and in multiple languages, we have the network and experience to take the strain, allowing you to focus on your own areas of expertise.
Content Creation
In an age where so much focus is given to content distribution, SEO and social engagement, it is too easy to forget that quality content remains at the heart of all communication. With access to some of the world's best videographers, story tellers, photographers and journalists, we provide high-quality, original and compelling content in any medium.
Event Management
From concept through to completion, Hothouse Media has the experience to deliver unique events for clients. From a breakfast briefing at the Royal Automobile Club to a major international Concours, Hothouse Media can develop the idea, build the content and stage a seamless event with every aspect covered.
If you would like to know more, then
get in touch for an informal chat
.
Case Studies
Classic-trader.com
Classic-trader.com is one of Europe’s largest classified marketplaces for classic and collector cars.
Read the case study
Concours of Elegance Programme
The Concours of Elegance is the most prestigious Concours d’Elegance in the UK.
Read the case study
M1 Momentum
The magazine for M1 Concourse, an 87-acre playground for auto enthusiasts in Detroit, Michigan.
Read the case study
Pebble Beach at 70
High-quality 300-page hardback book celebrating the Pebble Beach Concours d’Elegance, the world’s no. 1 Concours.
Read the case study
Petrolicious Drivers' Meeting
Event organisation and support for the West Coast-based automotive and lifestyle brand with a global following.
Read the case study
Praga Bohema
Editorial support for the launch of the Praga Bohema hypercar, a landmark model for this innovative company.
Read the case study
Rimac Magazine
Creative and editorial support for Croatian automotive manufacturer Rimac Automobili's brand-new publication.
Read the case study
Team
David Lillywhite
Geoff Love MBA
Peter Allen
Wayne Batty
Sarah Bradley
Robert Coucher
Mark Dixon
James Elliott
Jonathan Ellis
Sue Farrow
Matthew Hayward
Robert Hefferon
Elliott Hughes
Sophie Kochan
Jasmine Love
Debbie Nolan
Marcus Ross
Sanjay Seetanah
Rob Schulp
Samantha Snow
Glen Waddington
Thank you for a great show at Savile Row. Really excellent organisation, security, events and curation. I know Savile Row very well, and you really brought this street to life like no other time I can remember. The event had a lovely energy, and it was great to see so many beautifully dressed people on the street. It was a really positive vibe and, above all, great fun.
–
Philip Oakley, collector
It was another fantastic show. The atmosphere is unlike any other: intimate and perfectly contained, but also easy to break out and find your own space for a drink or lunch. The word is definitely out there within the industry that this is the place to be. I’m very proud to be associated with it, and from the response to my social media posts, it seems the punters like it a lot, too.
–
John Mayhead, Hagerty, sponsor
Just wanted to let you know how impressed I was when the new M1 Momentum magazine appeared yesterday in our mailbox. What struck me first was the ‘feel’ of the quality I immediately knew I’d find within. The weight of the pages and excellence of the paper were first class. Very impressive… Everything had a good, solid feel that is completely lacking in any modern publication. Just excellent all around.
–
Peter Brock, Shelby Daytona designer
The book is a masterpiece, and I share it often with friends and when I lecture on collector cars.
–
Craig Wayne, board member, Ironstone Concours
Brands we work with